Lea Wait, here, happily sharing that last weekend I was finally able to attend my first Damariscotta Pumpkinfest. It was the 6th Annual Pumpkinfest — but book festivals, antique shows, weddings, and various other Columbus Day commitments had conspired to keep me from attending the festivities before, and I was determined not to miss the fun again.
I wasn’t the only one who’d planned to be there. Main Street was crowded, and I saw license plates from states not only in the northeast, but south to Florida and west to Ohio, with a few cars from Texas tucked into corners of side streets. The word had gotten out. Damariscotta was clearly the “in” place to be.
So … what is a Pumpkinfest? You can probably guess parts of it. A competition for the biggest pumpkin. (It weighed in at over 1300 pounds.) A pumpkin catapult and hurl, in which pumpkins were … catapulted, of course, and aimed at (junked) cars, which they proceeded to do a good job of destroying. (At the end of the festival, all destroyed or decayed pumpkins were destined for composting.)
Pumpkin pancakes, pumpkin cookies, pumpkin bread, pumpkin whoopie pies, pumpkin ice cream, pumpkin seeds, and a pumpkin pie eating contest were all a part of the fun, and although I missed it, I heard the Dessert Contest was definitely a winner.
Pumpkin flavored cider was to be had, along with some spicy local brews at restaurants in town which also ensured that their menus included pumpkin dishes.
But in Damariscotta, pumpkins weren’t just for growing and eating. Have you thought about building a pumpkin car? There were several in the parade. Or — on a slightly smaller scale — a “pumpkin racer” — a non-motorized vehicle that could compete on a 50 yard course? Prizes for competitors in several age groups.
Or … considering Damariscotta is a river town .. what about turning your super-sized pumpkin into a boat? The Pumpkin regatta draws a crowd every year.
.
And, since Maine is a state filled with artists and sculptors, what better canvas than a pumpkin to show off your skills? Carved and painted 200-500 pound pumpkins lined Main Street, demonstrating the skill and creativity of town residents.
Of course, there was a parade, in which it seemed every fire department in the county had sent a fire engine, joined by a bagpipe corps, a boat from the local Coast Guard, cows, sheep and goats proudly dyed orange and displayed by their 4-H owners, and several local rock and folk bands who entertained the crowds lining the street.
There actually was an official “mission” of Pumpkinfest (other than to have fun). I worked for a corporation for a lot of years, so I can imagine how it was written. Bottom line – it was to let people know how to grow big pumpkins, and to provide a time and a place for people to celebrate agriculture. Looked to me as though the Pumpkinfest had, in corporate speak, “met and exceeded expectations.” And – better yet – it had brought a lot of people to Damariscotta and given them a great reason to smile on a long fall weekend.
What fun….thanks for helping those of us who couldn’t be there, be there – sort of. Dee
I hadda work. Sob.
What fun! I spent a couple of days in Damariscotta several years back and loved it! I could easily have moved right in and stayed. Wish I could have gone to Pumpkinfest. It looks terrific!
Living in half Moon Bay, California, we a yearly Pumpkin Festival. It used to be really local until got upscale. However, it makes money for the service organizations who sell all kinds of goodies, and makes for a lot of traffic, and money for some deserving folks. Your view of Damariscotta is delightful. And we locals refer to the festival as the one we love to hate, and hate to love.Abstract
In order to understand whether organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are responsible for the mortality of waterbirds in Nalaban bird sanctuary in Chilika Lake, the current investigation was carried out in tissues of 11 individuals comprising 7 species of birds. One or more residues were detected in all the tissues of birds analysed. Concentration of ∑HCH, ∑DDT, and ∑PCBs were ranged from below detectable level (BDL)-811 ng/g, BDL-1,987 ng/g and BDL-1,027 ng/g respectively. PCBs levels were less than the food and drug administration’s (FDA) action limits. Although varying levels of residues were detected among tissues, they do not appear to be responsible for the mass mortality of waterfowl. However, the need for additional research is heightened when considering that some of the birds are classified as a globally protected species by the international bodies.
This is a preview of subscription content, access via your institution.
Access options
Buy single article
Instant access to the full article PDF.
USD 39.95
Price includes VAT (USA)
Tax calculation will be finalised during checkout.
References
Ali S (2002) The book of Indian birds, Bombay Natural History Society. Oxford University Press, Bombay, p 326
Balachandran S, Rahmani R, Sathiyaselvam P (2005) Habitat evaluation of Chilika Lake with special reference to birds as bioindicators, Bombay Natural History Society. Final Report to Govt. of Orissa, Bhubaneswar
CDA Chilika Development Authority (2003) Chilika-A living lagoon, Bhubaneswar, India
Choi JW, Matsuda M, Kawano M, Min BY, Wakimoto T (2001) Accumulation profiles of persistent organochlorines in waterbirds from an estuary in Korea. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 41:353–363
Dhananjayan V (2009) Organochlorine contaminants and select biomarkers in the birds of Gujarat and Tamil Nadu, India, PhD dissertation, Bharthiar University
Dhananjayan V, Muralidharan S, Jayanthi P (2011) Distribution of persistent organochlorine chemical residues in blood plasma of three species of vultures from India. Environ Monit Assess 173:803–811
Gundersen DT, Pearson WD (1992) Partitioning of PCBs in the muscle and reproductive tissues of paddlefish, Polyodon spathula, at the falls of the Ohio River. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 49:455–462
Heath RG, Spann JW, Hill EF, Kreitzer JF (1983) Comparative dietary toxicities of pesticides to birds, US Fish and Wildlife Ser Spec Sci Rep. No 152, Washington, DC
Henny CJ, Blus LJ, Stafford CJ (1983) Effects of heptachlor on American Kestrels in the Columbian Basin, Oregon. J Wildl Manage 47:1080–1087
Kumari A, Sinha RK, Gopal K, Prasad K (2001) Dietary intake of persistent organochlorine residues through Gangetic fishes in India. Int J Ecology Environ Sci 27:117–120
Long ER, Macdonald DD, Smith SL, Calder FD (1995) Incidence of adverse biological effects within ranges of chemical concentrations in marine and estuarine sediments. Environ Manage 19:81–97
Mukherjee I, Gopal M (1996) Insecticides residues in baby food, animal feed, and vegetables by gas liquid chromatography. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 56:381–388
Muralidharan S (1993) Aldrin poisoning of Sarus cranes (Grus antigone) and a few granivorous birds in Keoladeo National Park, Bharatpur, India. Ecotoxicology 2:196–202
Naso B, Perrone D, Ferrante MC, Zaccaroni A, Lucisano A (2003) Persistent organochlorine pollutants in liver of birds of different trophic levels from coastal areas of Campania, Italy. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 45:407–414
Pain DJ, Gargi R, Cunningham AA, Jones A, Prakash V (2004) Mortality of globally threatened Sarus Cranes Grus antigon from monocrotophos poisoning in India. Sci Total Environ 326:55–61
Porter SL (1993) Pesticide poisoning in birds of prey. In: Redig TP, Cooper JE, Remple JD, Hunter B (eds) Raptor biomedicine. University of Minnesota Press, Minneapolis, MN, pp 329–345
Stickel WH, Stickel LF, Coon FB (1970) DDE and DDD residues correlated with mortality of experimental birds. In: Deichmann WB (ed) Pesticide symposia. Halos Assoc, Miami, pp 287–294
Sundar KSG (2006) Bird deaths at Okhla Bird Sanctuary, Gautam Buddh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, February 4–7, WPSI and ICF, India, ICWWG Field Report 2006
Wiemeyer SN, Bunck CM, Stafford CJ (1993) Environmental contaminants in bald eagle eggs-1980–1984-and further interpretations of relationships to productivity and shell thickness. Arch Environ Contam Toxicol 24:213–227
Acknowledgments
I express sincere gratitude to the Wildlife Warden, Bhuvaneshwar, Orissa. Dr. S. Muralidharan, Principal Scientist, Sálim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History, Coimbatore extended scientific support and arranged a financial support from the institute’s R & D funds.
Rights and permissions
About this article
Cite this article
Dhananjayan, V. Organochlorine Pesticides and Polychlorinated Biphenyls in Various Tissues of Waterbirds in Nalabana Bird Sanctuary, Chilika Lake, Orissa, India. Bull Environ Contam Toxicol 89, 197–201 (2012).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
Issue Date:
DOI:
Keywords
- Organochlorine pesticides
- PCBs
- Chilika lake
- Nalabana bird sanctuary
- India 2019 Edition
Featured:
Amanda Cohen
Chef/Owner of Dirt Candy
How would you describe what you do for a living?
I’m the chef and owner of Dirt Candy, New York City’s first vegetable restaurant.
What’s the greatest fear you’ve had to overcome to get where you are today?
I still have every single one of my fears! Every day I’m terrified that my restaurant is going to fail and the 30 people who depend on me to support their families will be out of work because I’m not good enough. Every morning I wake up sick to my stomach and scared. But 90% of this job is showing up and doing your best, even when you want to quit.
If you could share one surprising thing about yourself, what would it be?
It sounds corny, but I think people would be surprised to know how much I sweat every single dish that goes out of my kitchen. I’m obsessed with each and every one of them. It’s not healthy, and I know there are smarter ways to work, but I don’t know how to do it any differently. So probably the most surprising thing about me is how bad I am at my job!
It is suggested that 2019 is going to be the “Year of the Vegan” and a turning point for plant-based diets. You have already been ahead of the game and a crusader in vegetable cuisine. In your opinion, why do you think there is such movement on this now?
Dirt Candy has been around for a while, so I remember when Michelle Obama and the Partnership for a Healthier America declared 2015 the Year of the Vegetable, and when eMagazine declared 2014 the Year of the Vegetable, and when Epicurious proclaimed 2013 the Year of the Vegetable, and when the Wall Street Journal declared 2011 the Year of the Vegetable.
And yet every time the FDA issues a study, it turns out that no one’s actually eating any vegetables. The good part about this is that every year I think a little of the stigma rubs off vegetables, but it’s still hard to convince people that they can be fun. That’s what I do at Dirt Candy: I try to make vegetables fun. Because as much as people care about health and wellness, they’re not going to embrace vegetables until they’re as fun to eat as barbecue and fried chicken.
You were the first restaurant in the city to eliminate tipping and share profits with its employees. How difficult was this to put into place? Do you feel that you have a better staff implementing this type of system?
I sometimes wish I’d never done it, because it’s made my life a whole lot harder. The city doesn’t support no tipping, neither does the state, nor the federal government, so I wind up getting stuck with higher costs than places that have tipping (higher limited liability insurance, higher unemployment insurance, etc). The press doesn’t support no tipping and they gleefully leap on every restaurant that has problems with it, declaring it unviable at every opportunity. But my customers love it because the price of their meal is right there on the menu, not hidden in surcharges and tips on the final bill, and my staff really likes it. It’s made Dirt Candy a safer place for my female employees who no longer have to flirt for their wages, it’s allowed me pay my back of house staff a living wage, and I believe it treats my staff with respect by paying them a salary for their work rather than forcing them to rely on handouts from customers, and it’s put me in a position where I can weather the new minimum wage hikes better than other restaurants.
You have been a strong voice for women in the industry and also serve a wine list exclusively sourced from women-led producers at your restaurant (bravo!). Did you have any idea when you wrote the article for Esquire titled “I’ve Worked in Food for 20 Years. Now You Finally Care About Female Chefs?” that is was going to have such an impact and go viral? Did you receive any backlash?
The first time I wrote about women in the industry was back in 2010 when I sat down and did the math on how few women won awards and got mainstream reviews compared to men. Those numbers were so lopsided that I was left with three choices: either there were no women cooking and all the female chefs I saw around me were figments of my imagination, or the worst chefs in America all just happened to be women and men had a monopoly on talent, or something was really, really wrong. Ever since then, I haven’t been able to shut up about it, and I don’t think it’s hurt me. I mean, I still get comments about how I’m asking for special treatment, and I do get dismissed by some male chefs as being less capable than they are, but that’s par for the course.
I’ve known so many amazing, strong, creative women in this business, and I’ve learned so much from so many of them, and then I’ve watched them get erased from the history of food, or not get offered the same opportunities as male chefs, and that keeps me speaking out. But I think every chef, male or female, feels the same way I do. We all want to be the best chefs because of our talent, not because over a third of the people in this business have been kept from achieving their potential because of their gender. So ultimately what I want is the same thing every chef wants: a level playing field
What advice would you give to young women now who are aspiring to be chefs or who are just starting out in the restaurant industry?
Find the toughest, hardest line you can, and stay on it for one year. Work hard. Don’t quit. That sounds simple, but I can’t tell you how few people do it. Probably because it’s really, really hard. For that entire year, you will not be good enough. Every day will be a struggle. You have to work harder, and get better. And if you can’t work harder, figure out how to work smarter. If you get bored, then you’re not doing it right. Quitting is not an option. Stay in that one job. Don’t ask for respect. Don’t ask for shortcuts. That year will break you, and then it will reshape you. At some point, long after that year is over and you’ve moved on, you’ll realize that the skills you developed are going to carry you for the rest of your life. That year will be the foundation for the rest of your career and how you acted during that experience will determine who you become.
What is the one vegetable that you couldn’t live without?
Weirdly enough, it’s parsley. I used to think it was just a dumb garnish, but chopped flat-leaf parsley is the salt of the vegetable world. A dash of it gives every dish a strong, green, vegetal kick the same way salt juices up the flavor of meat. These days, I can’t send out a plate without parsley on it.
Is there a Chef that you admire the most? Who and why?
Anita Lo doesn’t get the recognition she should. She started out about 20 years ago when the great female chefs of the 1990’s had mostly retired and there was a real lack of support for women in this business. Everyone wanted to be the next Anthony Bourdain and it was all tattooed boys chopping up pigs and shooting heroin into their eyeballs. But Anita turned out food that was influenced by the Asian flavors she grew up with and the French cuisine she loved. She went her own way, cooking delicate, subtle high-end food when the food press wanted to write about big flavors and testosterone. She was the first female guest chef to cook a state dinner in the White House, and her showcase restaurant, Annisa, lasted for 17 years before it closed. She’s also one of the first big chefs to reach out to me and one of the people who made me realize that this business could be about collaboration and not competition. She’s always been humble, smart, and funny and I don’t even think she understands what a huge impact she’s had, in her own quiet way, on so many lives.
What can attendees expect from your demonstration at the 2019 International Restaurant & Foodservice Show of NY?
I really believe in making vegetables accessible and in showing people how to make cooking them easier. Let’s face it, the reason most people don’t cook vegetables is because they’re a pain in the butt to do. So the demo will focus on a couple of really simple techniques, geared towards home cooks, that make cooking vegetables a little bit easier and a whole lot more colorful and fun.
What can your fans expect from you next?
As unsexy as it sounds, I’m going to keep on cooking at Dirt Candy because it’s my laboratory where I’m always working on new recipes, and I’m always pushing vegetables further and making them bigger and better and just plain MORE. I do a tasting menu only because I think of a meal here as a show with fire, and grills on the table, and desserts that melt in fast forward before your eyes, and towers of deconstructed salads, and Middle Eastern flavors hidden inside Dutch pancakes. I don’t expect anyone to eat here every night, because a meal here should be a carnival ride through a world of vegetables doing things you’ve never seen before. Dinner at Dirt Candy is supposed to be ridiculous and fun and silly and over-the-top and that’s what it’s going to keep on being. And that’s enough for me.
Twitter:
@dirtcandy
Instagram:
@dirtcandynyc
Website:.
It is recommended to protect the top with using either the General Finishes Satin or Matte Top Coats available here on our website OR use your Annie Sloan Wax if you already own it.
Please note- there are NO RETURNs. You will find this for every stockist. But think about it- would you ever want a quart of paint or your Brown Mahogany Gel.How To Find A Commercial Plumber
Commercial plumbers are professionals who can deal with the most challenging situations. They can take on the biggest plumbing jobs and have the education and technical skills to solve the problem. Commercial plumbing services include blocked drain cleaning and hydro-jetting, hot water installation and repair, gasfitting, legionella and other bacteria prevention, pipe freezing, backflow prevention, thermostatic mixing valves, leak detection, etc.
Experience and references
When looking for a plumber, you have to search for companies with experience and qualified plumbers. They should have the knowledge to take a look at a plumbing problem and know right away what has to be done to make repairs. It is easy to search commercial plumbing companies online and find those that have references from previous clients. It is important to have these references so that you can contact any of the previous clients and make inquiries about the company if you have any doubt.
It is best to choose a commercial plumbing company that offers such services as inspections, check-ups, diagnostics, installations, upgrades, and system maintenance. All of this will not only save you money and time that would otherwise be spent working with different contractors but will also give you peace of mind that your workers are safe from injuries working with equipment that is well maintained,
Locations, affordability, licensing
When you have to choose a commercial plumber, you want to contract with a commercial plumbing company that is near the location the work is going to be done. You will also be charged for travel time and mileage, so you want the commercial plumber to be in your area. This is also important if after the job is completed and there are any further complications or emergencies, the commercial plumber can respond promptly.
As a property owner, you should also look for plumbers that can do the job for you within your budget. They should be able to do the job for you, stay within the budget, and be ready to be on hand if any further problems occur. It is essential to check for commercial plumbing companies that charge reasonable rates and can do a job in as little time as possible.
Another important factor when looking for a commercial plumber is to make sure they are appropriately licensed. You want to be sure they have the proper licensing to do the work in your area and are correctly certified. The commercial plumbing company should be adequately insured and have a valid work permit. It’s important that a property owner is protected when the work is completed and has the proper workers compensation if anyone is injured on the job.
Once the plumbers have completed the job you assigned them to, you might want to keep their contact information just in case any other repairs need to be done. The commercial plumbers brisbane that completed the job for you will have the most knowledge about any future work to be done. So it is essential to take all the considerations in mind before you choose any commercial plumbing company to do work for you. Once you have a commercial plumbing company that knows your system and has done the repair work for you, you know you can always rely on them if future problems occur or if you require new installations.Cross-sectional studies have shown that home blood pressure (BP) correlates with hypertensive target organ damage better than clinic BP. However, there have been few longitudinal studies regarding the predictive value of home BP on the changes in organ damage in treated hypertensive patients. Clinic and home BP over a 12-month period, antihypertensive medication use, echocardiographic and electrocardiographic results, and serum creatinine and urinary protein levels were examined in 209 treated hypertensive patients in 1993. These patients were prospectively followed for 5 years. The patients were divided into 4 subgroups according to hypertension control as follows: good control (<140/90 mmHg for clinic BP, <135/85 mmHg for home BP), improved, worsened, and poor control. The average clinic BP was 147.0+/-14.9/87.0+/-7.6 mmHg (mean+/-SD) in 1993 and 146.0+/-13.7/84.1+/-7.5 mmHg in 1998. The average home BP was 136.8+/-10.4/84.3+/-7.6 mmHg in 1993 and 136.1+/-9.7/81.2+/-7.7 mmHg in 1998. The left ventricular mass index (LVMI) positively correlated with both home systolic BP and clinic systolic BP in 1998 but not in 1993. The correlation tended to be closer for home BP than for clinic BP. LVMI did not change in patients with good or improved home systolic BP, while it increased in those with poor or worsened home systolic BP. The relationship between changes in LVMI and clinic BP was not significant. In conclusion, Home BP was more effective than clinic BP as a predictor of changes in left ventricular hypertrophy in treated hypertensive patients. Home BP should be controlled to below 135/85 mmHg to prevent cardiac hypertrophy.Reading Eddie Shapiro’s interviews with these gentlemen of the theatre was like being with them at their shrink sessions, in the confessional booth and at a table at Joe Allen’s all at the same time. The next time I see these guys I will feel like I’ve seen them all naked, I don’t know if Eddie Shapiro should be applauded or arrested!
But good Lord, it made for a great read! Bravo!”
—Marc Shaiman
In A Wonderful Guy, a follow up to Nothing Like a Dame, Eddie Shapiro sits down for through three generations of luminaries from icons of the stage like Joel Grey and Ben Vereen to the newest crop of leading men like Raul Esparza and Christian Borle along with a host of others, A Wonderful Guy, brings more fly-on-the-wall opportunities for fans to savor, students to study, and even the unindoctrinated to understand the life of the performing artist.
Interviews with the following actors include:
Joel Grey, John Cullum, Len Cariou, Ben Vereen, Michael Rupert, Terrence Mann, Howard McGillin, Brian Stokes Mitchell, Marc Kudisch, Michael Cerveris, Norm Lewis, Will Chase, Christopher Sieber, Norbert Leo Butz, Christian Borle, Raúl Esparza, Gavin Creel, Cheyenne Jackson, Jonathan Groff various magazines, newspapers, and other periodicals. He lives in New York City and Los Angeles.
“The conversations and stories, so generously told by these beautiful gentlemen, provide a moving glimpse into the complicated lives of artists.”
—Bebe Neuwirth
“Of course the dish is delicious, but Eddie has gotten into the hearts and brains of these Wonderful Guys. As with his book, Nothing Like a Dame, I came for the great showbiz stories, but my take always were philosophies about working in the theater, and loving portraits of men who’ve given their lives
to that most seductive mistress: the stage!”
—Michael Urie
“These inspiring conversations show how and why these are truly great men of the theater and great guys, many of whom I have had the honor to work with and call my friends. Enjoy the adventures of these fellas!”
—Chita Rivera
“Eddie Shapiro asks the right questions, sometimes the really hard ones, sometimes the ego-boosting-leading ones we hoped he would ask, but always the right ones, the honest ones that get inside these wonderful guys.
I learned so much I never knew!”
—Kelli O’Hara
Google+
YouTube
RSSFollowing a remarkable Northern hemisphere winter, you may have wondered what the weather gods have in store for the Southern season. Early indicators for the Southern season pick up where the Northern one left off and are from good to excellent. In Australia, the autumn delivered unusually cold and windy weather and there were heavy pre-season snowfalls at the ski resorts. Sadly, the most recent precipitation has been all rain, but with man-made snow, enough cover exists for resorts in Australia to get off to an early start in fair conditions. The meteorological consensus is that Australia might expect a better than average ski season and that the recent mild spell is just a blip.
New Zealand does best in strong El Nino conditions which favor the NZ side of the Tasman. Though El Nino may be late or not at all this winter, most resorts received good snow three weeks ago. South Island saw the best of it and Coronet Peak has approx. 50cm base that is part natural and part man-made. These are the best conditions for the time of year on record and certainly the pick of Australasia. However, all resorts in New Zealand are scheduled to open by the first weekend in July.
A significant snowfall in New Zealand on June 7th bumping up the openings of ski resorts.
View pictures of the storm and read more – Treacherous road conditions as cold front moves north. Unfortunately, a warm spell followed – rain and high temperatures have resulted in less than ideal conditions. The Snow Farm (site of much summer cross-country skiing) hopes to open within a week, but will need additional snowfall to do so.
In terms of South America, there has been a fantastic season start in the Andes with Chile as the place to be. Most resorts are opening early for great early season conditions.
Sources: FIS, South Island Times, New Zealand Herald
buy albuterol inhaler,buy combigan online,buy chantix,buy voltaren gel online
Désolé. Actuellement, cette page n'existe pas en français.
8 November 2021
The EPO welcomed more than 2 100 participants from 91 countries to Patent Knowledge Week, which took place online from 2 to 5 November 2021. This digital event is the successor to the traditional Patent Information Conference, which around 250 people used to attend in person each day. The new interactive format allows the EPO to include more stakeholders, from more diverse backgrounds, while enabling audiences to explore in greater depth the topics of most importance to them. By opening up new opportunities for the focussed discussion of patent knowledge, the four-day event contributes to a new normal in which the patent system is becoming more accessible.
The main goal of this year's Patent Knowledge Week was to reach a broad general audience and demonstrate that you no longer need to be an expert to enjoy the benefits of patent data. Addressing participants at the start of the event, EPO President António Campinos said "Patent knowledge gives all of us an opportunity to leverage the power of IP and use it to grow businesses and support the economy. And that is crucial, because for people everywhere, innovation will be vital in building a sustainable economic recovery after the pandemic."
The digital event also highlighted the shift from patent information to patent knowledge. Thorsten Zank, President of the Patent Documentation Group, summed up the key message in this respect: "When we're talking about patent knowledge it's not about knowledge about patents, it's generating knowledge from patents."
This year's programme featured six tracks dedicated to patent professionals, SMEs, patent attorneys, PATLIB centres, universities and the use of patent data from Asia. Many of the sessions emphasised how stakeholders can benefit from the EPO's efforts to foster collaboration, including when it comes to green and sustainable technologies. EPO tools and services are accessible for all, including SMEs, as is the PATLIB network of specialists. The EPO's PATLIB team presented examples of how PATLIB centres co-operate with SMEs, universities, patent attorneys and other IP networks. Speakers from universities showed how the use of patent knowledge in co-operation with technology transfer offices enables the products of research projects to make it from the lab to the market.
This year's Patent Knowledge Week platform also included an exhibition with 16 commercial providers of patent information products and services, including the EPO itself.2571 Hope Mills Road
Fayetteville, NC 28306
(910) 426-2800
Mon - Fri: 8:00AM - 5:00PM
Sat - Sun: Closed
About,
- New Tire Replacement
- Oil Change Facility
- Oil Changes
- Performance
- Radiator Repair
- Radiator Replacement
- Scheduled Factory Maintenance
- Shock and Strut Replacement
- Smog Check
- Steering and Suspension
- Timing Belt Service
- Tire & Brake Repair
- Tire Repair
- Transmission & Clutch Repair
- Transmission Fluid Service
- Used Car Evaluations
Languages
Payments
- Discover
- Mastercard
- Visa
Staff
Jim McGarvey
Certifications & Memberships
4 stars Shakera G Featured review
I'm pleased with the quality of service by technicians and the customer service provided by Missy. Wagenhaus please take care of Missy because she gets overwhelmed at times (No she didn't tell me that). Missy exemplifies high quality customer service with active listening skills, patience and customer care. Thanks for all your help with listing the recommended services and helping me to prioritize the greatest needs. I will see you again soon for the next set of service. Thanks again,
S. Graham
5 stars Shenae W Customer since 2017
As always Wagenhaus has made my baby (328i BMW) feel brand new again!! I really appreciate your work!
5 stars Joel B Customer since 2017
Great shop with excellent service
5 stars Terry D Customer since 2018
Great customer customer....Thanks
5 stars George A Customer since 2019
Courteous professional service
5 stars Betty B Customer since 2017
Excellent honest business. They are fair and try to. Make sure you understand. Everything they need to do and why.
5 stars John W Customer since 2018
Fair prices and reliable service
5 stars Shakera G Customer since 2017
I also have a great experience at Wagenhaus. The technicians are on point and definitely help my car to have more longevity on the road.
5 stars Carol Z Customer since 2017
As always, very helpful and knowledgeable!
5 stars Terry D Customer since 2018
Great customer service
5 stars James C Customer since 2018
Asked for a quote for service and repairs and got detailed information. Friendly, courteous, professional and very helpful folks. I recommend them to anyone wanting quality work for a fair price.
Also in Fayetteville
…
Veterinary
Reilly Road Animal Hospital
Salon
J.Co Salon & Blo'Dry Bar
Dental
Douglass Family DentistryTop Auckland restaurant Euro has revealed it is closing it doors, with owners blaming Covid-19.
The Princes Wharf restaurant confirmed the "sad news" today on social media. This week we have made the extremely difficult decision to keep Euro closed.
"The ongoing challenges caused by the Covid-19 pandemic over the past 18 months have meant that it is no longer sustainable to reopen, despite doing everything in our power to do so.
"We're incredibly proud of everything we've achieved since Euro first opened in 1999 and it's been our privilege to welcome you through our doors over the last 22 years.
"We're particularly proud of our amazing Euro team - for the consistently exceptional food, beverage and service they've delivered and all the good times our guests have experienced.
"Euro holds a special place in the hearts of so many - whether you've celebrated a special occasion here, attended one of our legendary long lunches or simply dined with us, we're extremely grateful to each and every one of you for your continued support."
/cloudfront-ap-southeast-2.images.arcpublishing.com/nzme/X5666T5NPEUI65TYAWM2SGNSXQ.jpg)
The owners said it had been an "amazing journey" and they were sad that patrons would not be able to enjoy a "last hurrah" at the venue.
"We'd like to thank you from the bottom of our hearts for all the wonderful memories."
'No longer sustainable'
The business issued a statement this afternoon saying it was shut after 22 years, "as a result of the ongoing challenges caused by the Covid-19 pandemic".
The Nourish Group's Euro had been an institution and founder Richard Sigley said the decision was extremely difficult.
"Over the past 18 months we've had everything thrown at us – lockdowns, prolonged CBD road works, closed borders, severe staffing shortages and working visa issues," he said.
"All these mitigating factors have created the perfect storm and while we've done everything in our power to remain open, unfortunately, it's no longer sustainable to do so."
Last year Euro went through a significant rebrand that had been two years in the making, launching with a new fitout and dining experience focussed on shareable plates instead of the three-course fine dining concept it was long renowned for.
Sigley says while the move was a bold one considering the uncertain climate, it was impossible to foresee how long the tail end of the pandemic would be.
"We're incredibly proud of the work that has been put in by the team and the exceptional food, beverage and service customers have experienced with our new offering.
"Unfortunately, this latest lockdown, the new restrictions imposed under Delta and the previous challenges we've faced, mean that it's just not viable for us to continue trading."
Under alert level 2, only 50 people are allowed inside at hospitality and indoor event venues. Euro seats 130.
Sigley says the focus is on supporting staff, with a priority to find new employment opportunities for impacted team members, where possible, at other Nourish Group establishments.
Euro had always been a star performer on the local dining scene, he said. Just last month it was revealed as one of Metro's top 50 restaurants for 2021 and was the first New Zealand restaurant to be named on Condé Nast Traveler magazine's list of top 50 restaurants in the world in 2003.
"I know Euro holds a special place in the hearts of so many people - whether they've celebrated a special occasion here, attended one of our legendary long lunches or simply dined with us," Sigley says. "It's been an amazing journey and we're extremely grateful to each and every guest that has supported us over the last 22 years," he said.
Last year the restaurant - one of the Viaduct's original businesses - had announced a change of pace. Adapt or die was the hospitality industry's post-lockdown mantra and Euro Bar and Restaurant's response appeared pitch-perfect: stylish but informal, less fine dining and more shared plates, Herald reviewer Kim Knight wrote.
Top chef Simon Gault had worked at the restaurant and one customer once contacted the Herald to complain she'd been rejected at the door because she didn't look rich enough.
Euro is at the waterfront's Princes Wharf in Shed 22.
'Tragedy': Leo's lament, warning other eateries also struggling
Leo Molloy said today it was "a tragedy" that Euro was closing permanently.
"I opened it on August 3, 1999 and sold it in 2002," he said. "But it's just the tip of the iceberg. Wait till you see the iceberg!"
Molloy said he had spoken to many in the restaurant business who also feared for the future and Euro would only be the first big-name restaurant whose doors would stay shut.
"Thirty to 50 per cent out outlets will go under in New Zealand. Auckland will be the key place. I could drop you another half dozen names of restaurants that won't re-open. There's at least one other big one and four in Commercial Bay," Molloy said.
/cloudfront-ap-southeast-2.images.arcpublishing.com/nzme/RERM3KSTLGM2F65M2AKQ4MR3DA.jpg)
He expects "opportunists" to perhaps make an offer for Euro and open it once again but he said nothing was certain.
"Opportunists could pick it up. Euro has just had a refit and it looks quite nice," he said referring to an upgrade which he said was around $2m.
"Auckland will be the poorer for this. The beating heart of any city needs food and wine. But it's just so hard because there's no margin in this," Molloy said.
Marisa Bidois, Restaurant Association chief executive, said today: "We are saddened to lose this iconic Auckland restaurant from our harbour. Euro has long been a jewel of the viaduct harbour serving up some of our finest NZ produce to local and international diners alike.
"Euro is a classic example of a restaurant that would have continued to thrive had it not been for the devastating effects of Covid-19 on our industry. Its closure is yet another casualty of the pandemic and highlights the critical need for targeted support for those businesses disproportionately affected," Bidios said.
Nourish owns and operates hospitality businesses in the downtown Auckland waterfront area, including The Crab Shack and The Culpeper. The hospitality group owns and operates 13 venues in total throughout the country, including Soul Bar and Jervois Steak Houses.
In 2018, Foley Family Wines Holdings took a 24 per cent stake in Nourish.
/cloudfront-ap-southeast-2.images.arcpublishing.com/nzme/A4B3CEM4SDO3E2NU3KI2BKD5ZI.jpg)
Euro announced a "new lease of life" last November when it was refurbished and a new style of dining offered. The name was retained but much else was changed.
Sigley said last November: "Euro was my firstborn, so to speak, my first foray onto the dining scene, so it will always hold a special place in my heart. When it opened, it blew everyone away. It was a truly international restaurant that has been consistently good for two decades, but the time is now right for reinvention.
"Our evolved vision for Euro is for a place where the traditional boundaries between kitchen and dining room are relaxed, where meals become a series of vividly flavoured shared dishes rather than rigid three courses, and where the menu responds to its customers' needs, rather than being prescriptive," he said last year.
The traditional dining style of restaurant had been ditched. Bold new dishes created by executive chef Gareth Stewart were shareable and range from small to large, bringing together a broad range of influences from his experience as a chef, Euro said last year.
The interior had been redesigned with contemporary furniture and new lighting, the business said.
Interior design studio CTRL Space was in charge of that and had worked closely with Paula Sigley on the project.Pennysaver Miles North, Valley Forge Casino Resort Spa, Harrah’s Casinos
>>IMAGE forms of Pennsylvania internet casinos; two are managed by the state in addition to one is operated simply by the five satellite tv casinos. The state-owned Lottery Commission adjusts all lottery video games and they possess the final point out on all lotto rules. The state-sponsored Lottery Commission furthermore allows for variance while offering tax incentives to facilities of which offer the state-promulgated Lottery balls or debit cards. All the casinos except with regard to the one in Pittsburgh can be found within typically the state lines.
Casino amenities are subject to rigid state and federal government laws and must follow all express laws regarding gambling and the operation of their amenities. All prospective clients need to realize this information before they deposit any funds. When you go to a casino, there is usually a signal outside that exhibits the current lottery rules. Most amenities will be needed to post these types of rules whatsoever their particular entrances. The one exclusion is if the state of hawaii gaming control board authorizes an subway facility to write-up the existing laws with out 카지노사이트 review.
For anyone considering actively playing with a Pennsylvania on line casino, it is very important know just what you’re getting. The majority of facilities will provide you with a free report detailing the games, their payout percentages, and the particular “house” regulations. Free reports great, but sometimes they could be biased because they will are covered by simply the casino. If you would like the most unbiased information available, you should consider receiving a free online edition from the report. This will cost you just a couple dollars, yet it is going to be entirely free and neutral.
Touring between the Ocean City and Philadelphia areas can end up being a hassle. You are able to avoid the complications by taking a taxi from Philadelphia Global Airport in your hotel in the “W” area. Once an individual have checked in to your hotel, require a cab to your current desired location, then make train or perhaps bus to the Pennysaville station. The particular journey takes about two and a fifty percent hours.
A pair of the largest Atlantic City on line casino resorts offer occupants a free report revealing the best time of time to play. Typically the casinos themselves sponsor a number regarding events every single day, and you can observe once the slots may be free to enjoy. This allows one to plan when a person want to play plus where you would like to, making it easy to suit a slot-playing routine into your everyday life.
Harrah’s casino inside Atlantic City will be the home associated with the “HP Carnival. ” Each night the doors open to give the first 100 guests the free “rush solution. ” Following the starting, all casino goers are permitted in order to play one hr of slots or perhaps roulette on typically the outdoor patio just before closing time. During these special events, zero other players usually are allowed to play.
Check out Philadelphia, New Jersey to enjoy typically the excitement and variety of over eight thousand slot machines, blackjack tables, card furniture and craps gambling options. The Phila. Inquire newspaper characteristics reports on nearby attractions, shows in addition to attractions. You may learn more regarding the attractions inside Philadelphia by visiting its official site. In addition to be able to browsing state funds, Nj-new jersey, you may also travel to be able to the three other biggest cities in Fresh Jersey: Nyc, Connecticut and Pennsylvania. You’ll find a quantity of hotels, eating places and amenities inside each of these kinds of cities.We Make IT work!
IT@work is a company derived from an overwhelming demand for quality local service and support.
IT@work opened their Westport store and workshop site in June 2002. Owner, Brent Oldham, had been working from his home based office for the past five years as a computer systems consultant. The workload had steadily increased to the point where more staff and more space was needed.
As the right building came up for lease, the right staff also came over the horizon – it was all on.
We now have 4 full time technicians, and a sales person dedicated to finding the right product for you.
Since that day in June 2002, IT@work has steadily grown into a one stop I.T shop. From sales to service, we’ve got it covered!
Notional Infosoft is a leading website designing company in west delhi. we make so many sort of website such as personal web, informative web site, dynamic website, ecommerce site or online shoping web, mobile responsive website and many more with all high quality factor in low cost.Home Contact us
Notional Infosoft build outstanding website for you. Beginning your business online by your web, we are best website design company in west delhi make creative and attractive website for you.
website designer in west delhi
Notional Infosoft is a finest website hosting company in west delhi, hosting company in west delhi . we provide hosting in good cost it means best hosting in low cost. Finest hosting is necessary for your web. when your client click on your website or enter your domain name or your web name in url your website must come quickly because user don't like wait too much for its browsing and it will give not good impact on your client.
website designing company in west delhi
seo services company in west delhi
Notional Infosoft is a website designing company in west delhi is also best seo services company in west delhi. we do SEO, SMO, SME, EM. we can promote your website on social site and search engine. your web position on search engine will become too good after optimization.All You Need To Know About Oral Appliance Therapy for Sleep Apnea
Oral appliance therapy can be an effective treatment for mild to moderate sleep apnea. It can help you get more restful sleep and improve the way you feel as well as your overall health.
In this blog, the sleep specialists at eos sleep explain what you need to know about oral appliance therapy for sleep apnea.
What is sleep apnea?
Sleep apnea is a common but potentially serious disorder in which you have repeated pauses in your breathing as you sleep. They may last anywhere from a few seconds in length to a few minutes, occurring repeatedly throughout the night.
As you stop and start breathing, your brain – as well as the rest of your body – is deprived of the oxygen it needs to function properly. As a result, you may experience the following sleep apnea symptoms:
- Feeling very tired and sleepy even after spending enough time in bed
- Chronic loud snoring
- Waking up with a sore or dry throat
- Morning headaches
- Changes in mood, concentration and/or memory
In addition, sleep apnea can increase your risk of heart attacks, strokes, and diabetes.
What are oral appliances?
An oral appliance is a custom-fit plastic mouthpiece that’s similar to what you might wear when you’re playing sports. It’s worn only at night to help gently support your jaw in a forward position, which helps keep prevent your tongue and soft tissues in the back of your throat from blocking your upper airway. This is often an effective treatment for snoring and mild to moderate cases of sleep apnea.
An oral appliance can be used as an alternative for patients who find CPAP (continuous positive airway pressure) machines to be too cumbersome and uncomfortable. In some cases, it can be used in conjunction with CPAP or other treatments for sleep apnea.
Different types of oral appliances are available to help address the issue that’s causing your airway to become blocked. The most common devices are the following:
- Tongue-retaining appliances – which hold the tongue forward to prevent it from obstructing your airway. They also help increase the airway space.
- Mandibular advancement devices – which gently coax the lower jaw and tongue forward to keep your airway open
How do they work?
An oral appliance is custom-made to fit you and then is worn only at night. By repositioning the tongue and jaw, it helps keep your airway open at night, alleviating snoring and sleep apnea.
They are made specifically for each patient out of BPA-free plastic based on digital or physical impressions and models of your teeth. After your appliance is properly fit and adjusted, you may also be scheduled for a sleep study to measure its effectiveness over time.
What are the benefits of oral appliance therapy?
Oral appliances provide patients with the following benefits:
- Effective in treating mild to moderate sleep apnea
- Non-invasive
- Comfortable
- Easy to wear
- Quiet
- Small and easy to transport
- Easy to clean
Why should you see doctors for an oral appliance?
Our doctors are leading experts in providing a wide range of advanced treatments for sleep apnea. We’re board-certified ear, nose and throat doctors who specialize in treating snoring and sleep apnea. Our practice is dedicated to providing the least invasive, most effective form of treatment.
To find out more about oral appliance therapy, make an appointment today with eos sleep. Getting a correct diagnosis and an effective treatment plan from our sleep specialists is the first step toward sleeping well, feeling better, and improving your overall health.
In The Media
Infuriated by her husband’s betrayal, Sun Woo confronts the insensible people around her and Tae Oh’s affair. Sun Woo leaves Tae Oh’s birthday party after he fights with Je Hyuk, but she gets thrown into chaos with the truth. Later, Da Kyung comes to her hospital for a check-up, and although Sun Woo tries to keep her composure, her test results couldn’t be more shocking.Batesford Quarry was looking to reach their target audience (Aussie Farmers) and promote their aglime products.
The objective was to raise awareness with the farmer's transport bringing grain to the nearby shipping port and to have them purchase a load of aglime for the return trip.
We knew we had to be very strategic with our targeting across social media and other digital platforms to raise awareness with a very niche audience.
In order to reach Aussie Farmers in the target locations, we used targeted Facebook Ads as well as Google Search Ads and Google Display Ads on websites we know farmers visit regularly.
The campaign was a huge success with a spike in new customers and orders from the target areas.
Overall, our Paid Ads team spent $6,000 and this resulted in $188,000.00 of trackable sales.
A 31x return on ad spend.115-017 ANTIQUE KHAMSEH RUG
This is an antique Khamseh rug, with the three medallions classical design woven by the tribes of the Fars province. The upper and lower medallion feature the idiosyncratic Khamseh birds displayed randomly as happens in most exemplars, but the central medallion shows them in rare vertical rows arrangement. The guard system features one of them ivory color the motif named ´nimgol´, meaning ´half medallion´, the main guard features an arrangement of polychromatic diagonal lines (´barber pole border´) particularly attractive. The same motif fills the half diamonds that frame the field and combine perfectly with the medallions, leaving in between the deep blue field in zig zag shape. The field is inhabited by birds, rosettes, diverse tribal motifs, and some strange forms, that we find sometimes in the tribal rugs of Fars, that look like a reclining boteh, but was interpreted also as birds (ducks?) looking back, with its neck extended over the body.<<Lets talk about this in terms of the Text Therapy Betterhelp…When you have actually been matched with a counselor, you can right away begin messaging them in a safe and private chatroom.
The chatroom is accessible at any time as long as your device has reputable web. Messaging isn’t performed in real-time, so there’s no surefire response time from your counselor. As a result, you’re totally free to message your therapist at any hour of the day.
Your counselor will respond with concerns, guidance, feedback, or research, and the app will inform do not like waiting hours for an action.
This choice simulates the comfort of texting a buddy who immediately understands.
” Making a note of your ideas is an useful workout for all type of scenarios,” Imrie says. “If you seem like your thoughts are crowded or foggy, boiling them down into a few sentences can help bring a lot delights in in person discussion, you can also arrange drawing back from my own (relatively low-key) problems for a moment, could e-counselling be the answer to the mental health problems escalating among under-30s? With cuts to mental health services truly beginning to bite, digitised therapy could be simply the ticket for young adults who currently filter almost every element of their lives– pals, work, sex, entertainment– through a screen.
Not everybody remaining in the financial factors, instead of because it’s what’s finest for individuals. That’s not great if it’s rolled out just to save money and there aren’t vital questions being asked about these services. Then, I’m constantly really sceptical of people who are either really very pro or very very against online mental health care. It’s a case of asking the best concerns.”
Well, if the future of psychological healthcare free to , 100 a month– and ran my stress and anxieties through them all, at the same time, for a week. Here’s what I discovered.
Does BetterHelp use licensed therapists? Text Therapy Betterhelp
What I’m doing here is examining same connection as with face-to-face counselling, however the semi-anonymity might make it easier to open up if you have actually been drinking two bottles of rum and dancing around in your dead nan’s bridal gown in fact a far smoother and more on-tap experience than I anticipated. I even got speedy responses to messages over the weekend, which was unexpected.
Talkspace vs Betterhelp
The reality you can modify messages before sending them suggests you’re unlikely to blurt out something unguarded and revealing in the heat of the minute. Extensive moments of realisation may be hard Text Therapy BetterhelpWe believe all consumers deserve to know there is a better deal available and should be able to access that deal quickly so they can begin saving on their energy bills immediately.
At Connect And Save we are affiliated with the best energy retailers in the Australian market. We only bring you the best deals while cutting through the marketing spin. Our sophisticated engine compares all the options quickly and presents you with the very best plans available ensuring that you are immediately saving on your next bill.Shop Opening Hours (not Tea Room)
CHRISTMAS OPENING HOURS
Saturday 23rd December- Open as usual
Sunday 24th Christmas Eve- 10-1pm
Christmas Day- Closed
Boxing Day- Closed
Wednesday 27th – 9- 5pm
Thursday 28th - 9-5pm
Friday 29th – 9-5pm
Saturday 30th – Open as usual
New Years Eve -10-1pm
New Years Day- Closed
Tuesday 2nd January- open as usual
We would like to wish all of our customers a very Happy Christmas and New Year
- Posted by Iconography Ltd
18th December 2017
Follow on Google+<<
Acerca de
Architectural Asphalt Shingles Installed by Roofing Craftsmen
For years Roofing Craftsmen focused on stopping roof leaks. But quite frankly, some roofs are beyond repair, and some homeowners want a new roof.
For this reason, we built a team of knowledgeable roofers specializing in architectural shingles. We can help you replace your roof so it'll last for years and be ready for solar installation.
Because of our years of experience in the roofing industry (and stopping roof leaks), we know how to help you the most.
You will be provided with the roof replacement cost.
Easy Installment Plans. Roofs as low as $187 a month.
12 month same as cash financing.
Extended manufacturer warranties on entire roofing system.
Best of all, this will be a smooth and quick experience.
Plus, we guarantee the work!
We'll gather the details of your roof and the needed specifics for your home's roof.
Let’s Work Together
Get in touch to set an appointment.
Call 415-342-554
As the suspect attempted to drive away in a red 1992 Pontiac, the car's owner tried to stop him by jumping on the vehicle. The suspect continued to drive the car, dragging its owner down the 10400 block of Wildwood Drive. Eventually, the suspect crashed and ran off on foot.
Paramedics transported the victim to Parkland Hospital, where he died, according to police.
Police found video of the man they believe to be their carjacker on surveillance footage from the University of Dallas DART Rail station in Irving (below). Anyone with information regarding the carjacking is encouraged to call Detective Christopher Walton at 214-671-3632.To: The Campus Community
From: Jennifer Howes, Executive Director of Student Wellness Services
Date: September 11, 2020
Re: Smoke from the Bobcat Fire impacting campus
Smoke from the Bobcat Fire continues to affect the air quality across Los Angeles County, including Caltech's campus.
The LA County Department of Public Health has advised that the air quality in the San Gabriel Valley is unhealthy for sensitive individuals, and recommends that individuals who live or work in the area minimize outdoor activity. A map showing the impact of smoke from the fire on air quality throughout the region can be found on the South Coast Air Quality Management District (AQMD) website.
Caltech athletics facilities are closed for the time being. Daily operating decisions will be made at 7 a.m. each day going forward, and members with appointments that day will be notified by email before 8 a.m. Please continue to make your appointments per the new procedure. In addition, the Athenaeum has closed the Rath al Fresco for the evening of September 11.
Campus managers and supervisors have been asked to work directly with employees, especially those individuals who work primarily outdoors, to limit or prohibit their work outdoors. The Institute will continue to actively monitor air quality forecasts and decisions on operations will prioritize employees' health and well-being. Any changes in employees schedules or working arrangements will be communicated by an individual's supervisor. Individuals on campus should discuss any questions or concerns they have with their supervisors.
Caltech Facilities has installed charcoal filters in as many buildings as possible to help improve indoor air quality related to smoke odors. Buildings that house critical operations that require human, in-person support for maintenance and operations were prioritized for installation of the existing filters. As more filters become available, they will be installed in other buildings on campus.
Graduate students in residence should keep their windows closed and use air conditioners to help recirculate and filter air. Students on campus who have any health concerns related to smoke or are experiencing any difficulty breathing should call Student Wellness Services at (626) 395-6393. Please do not come to the Student Wellness Services building unless you are directed to do so. If you are experiencing a medical emergency, please call Campus Security at (626) 395-5000. Faculty and staff should contact their health care providers with any medical concerns they are experiencing.
In a year when we are already facing the COVID-19 pandemic, we recognize that California's wildfires represent yet another strain on us individually and as a community. Please remember to take care of your mental health as well as your physical health. Members of the community are encouraged to access resources for support and assistance in getting through this difficult time; students can connect with professionals in Student Wellness Services; faculty and staff have access to the Staff and Faculty Consultation Center (SFCC).1st August 2008
Having Fun In A BMW E36posted in fun, Uncategorized, Videos |
This guy is having a lot of fun inside his BMW …. Check it out!
I hope you like it.
BMW E36 Blog: The Ultimate E36 Information Source.
Related Posts:-
Want to receive exciting tips & information about BMW E36 cars? Enter your Email:-
posted on August 27th, 2008 at 4:02 pmUp to 30% Off WITHIN Lead Gen Coupon Code and Deals will help you to save on your order in November 2021. You will also get other offers like 30% OFF sitewide or 35% off on specific items.
If you seek more than just WITHIN Lead Gen coupon codes, we provide all the categories coupons and discounts for over 60,000 top brands and retailers. Check out these related stores, or visit our complete directory to search our database of over one million coupon codes.
Of late we've found another rebate code from WITHIN Lead Gen at regular intervals. In the course of the last 40-45 days we've discovered new coupons from WITHIN Lead Gen.
The best rebate we've found is a code for 25% off. CouponCodeGroup shoppers spare a normal of $25.00 at checkout.
Buy in to CouponCodeGroup email cautions for WITHIN Lead Gen and we will send you an email notice each time we find another markdown code. On the off chance that you can't locate a working coupon code at this moment, subscribe and receive the latest deals as soon as we discover them.
WITHIN Lead Gen currently has 20 active coupons for Nov, 2021. On average, our WITHIN Lead Gen coupons save shoppers $25. 🔥 Today's top offer: Paved
First Step to addind your all the favorite shopping item in your shopping cart, click on CHECK OUT button.
Under ORDER SUMMARY find WITHIN Lead Gen Coupons & Deals: and click APPLY
Enter your WITHIN Lead Gen promo code and click Apply code
Your discounts will be applied and display under the subtotal in your order summary.
U-Nest College Savings Plan
Lillypost Affiliate Program (US)EMPORIO SIRENUSE
Pierre Marie Hawaiian Shirt Light Blue
Every year we ask a talented artist to design a few items for us. This year it is Pierre Marie, an amazing, Parisian artist.
Pierre Marie designed this beautiful Hawaiian shirt (and matching swimming trunks) imagining an underwater world of seaweeds and sea urchins playing together.
100% soft cotton popelin
Made in ItalyEpisode 8
Is God Your CEO with guest Larry Julian
July 19th, 2018
17 mins 9 secs
About this Episode
Listen in as Larry Julian discusses common challenges to following God in a bottom-line world. He explores the tensions this can create while highlighting common practices he has seen in the CEO's he interacts with. Larry shares the personal habits he has implemented; these help to center him at the beginning of each day.
Be challenged and encouraged to live for God this week - both on Sunday and during your time in the marketplace during the week!
Find Larry's book here: Connecting Faith and WorkI took a little break from my legal suspense mysteries to write a children’s book. Okay, I didn’t actually take a break. It was written while I was working on my last book. When I needed a break from the killing and chasing and all that makes up that fictional world…I would write a couple of pages about Gaspar, the Flatulating Ghost. It was really fun to do.
One of Zack’s paintings.
This process was so different from what I usually write and once you finish a children’s book, you have to get someone to do the illustrations. Unless, of course, you are talented enough to do them yourself, which I am not. But I found the best illustrator ever! His name is Zachary Settle. You can see some of his artwork on Facebook. He is an incredible artist eve though this venture is quite different from what he usually does. He tackled it with a great attitude and a lot of perseverance. He was such a delight to work with.
Zack is a growing talent. Check out his artwork on Facebook. His prints are still reasonably priced, but someday they may be worth a fortune. He has already made incredible progress in the artistic world. He started as a street artist and has since turned professional. I look forward to working with him again.
We don’t have an exact release date yet, but I will post it as soon as we do.
Teresa Burrell
teresa@teresaburrell.com>>’s Vault
How to Play Joker’s Vault Poker Video Poker
Joker’s Vault Poker video poker adds a couple of interesting twists to the typical Joker Poker wild card action that is one of the most popular of all video poker formats. With a full house, you get to enter a bonus round where a joker is guaranteed to appear on every single hand. If you can win eight hands in a row during the bonus, you can end up with a massive progressive jackpot.
Over the last few decades, there has been a boom in the number of video poker varieties available to players. Once upon a time, you were pretty much stuck with Jacks or Better and maybe a few wild card versions from which you could choose. But now there’s a seemingly endless array of video poker variations at your disposal.
You can choose games with special “free” hands that you can activate in a certain way to add to your winnings. And you can also take advantage of progressive jackpots that keep rising until someone hits them on a single video poker machine or online game. In the case of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, you get both of those twists in a single game.
The Joker’s Vault Poker Twists
First of all, Joker’s Vault Poker video poker is set up like typical Joker Poker or Joker’s Wild video poker games in that you’ll be receiving cards from a 53-card deck, with the normal 52 joined by a joker as a wild card. From there, you’ll be playing as you normally would in Draw Poker fashion, trying to form winning combinations. But a full house is particularly beneficial.
With a full house, you’ll get to play eight bonus rounds of video poker. In these rounds, you’ll be guaranteed of receiving a joker in each of your hands on the deal. From there, any winnings that you earn are all profit during these eight hands.
But the real lure of this round is the possibility of a progressive payback. That comes if you can form a wining combination on every single one of your eight hands in the bonus round. It’s not easy to do, but it’s a perk that boosts the value of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker a great deal.
Pay Table Discounts
Having the chance to win without betting in the bonus round when you play Joker’s Vault Poker video poker is a real advantage. So too is the possibility that you can achieve that big progressive payout. But you have to be prepared for the game to take something away from you in order to balance out these boosts.
What you’ll find is that the Joker’s Vault Poker video poker pay table is a bit weak when it comes to some of the more common winning combinations. This makes it imperative that you get into the bonus rounds as much as possible. If you can’t, you’ll find that your bankroll will take a pretty big hit from the lack of payback on the common hands.
In the following article, we’ll tell you everything you need to know about Joker’s Vault Poker video poker. We’ll explain how to play video poker, how wild cards work, and how the special features in the game work. In addition, we’ll look into the pay tables, the potential payback, and the strategy involved with this unique variation.
The Benefits of Playing Video Poker
Joker’s Vault Poker video poker is one of dozens of different twists on video poker action. It’s also a game that can be found at online gambling sites as well as part of video poker machines in casinos. If you’ve never played video poker before, you might not even realize the big deal about games like this.
What you might not realize is that video poker is one of the most popular casino games for people who truly understand the benefits it provides. There are elements of it which resemble slot machines and other one-person casino games. On top of that, there are parts of it which can be compared to table games that implement strategy.
If you’ve already become familiar video poker, feel free to move on to where we talk about the specifics of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker. But if you’re new to the game, we suggest you read on to find out about what video poker has in store for you.
- Video poker is one of the easiest casino games to learn. If you’ve played poker in your life, you’ll understand how gameplay works in no time at all. And even if you’re completely new to it, you shouldn’t have to wait too long before you have a solid understanding of what it entails.
- Video poker requires only one person to play. It can be frustrating when you’re in a casino and other players and casino employees are watching your every move. With video poker, you get the ultimate in privacy and don’t have to answer to anybody for your gameplay.
- Video poker can be customized to your liking. It just takes a little bit of research to find the game that fits what you’re seeking, in terms of the risk involved, the potential payback, the overall complexity, and so on. If you don’t like one style of video poker, there are over a hundred others that you can try.
- Video poker is, in part, based on strategy. There is definitely luck involved in terms of the cards that you receive in each hand. But beyond that, you can help yourself by playing the right cards on each hand, which will maximize your earning potential within the game.
- Video poker doesn’t hold back any information that is relevant to play. You can look at the pay tables to see how much each winning hand will earn you. And because the game is based on a standard deck of cards (which, in the case of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, includes a joker), the probabilities of your achieving a winning combination are pretty much set in stone.
- Video poker pays back at an advantageous rate. There are many video poker games which feature overall payback that compare to some of the most lucrative casino games. On top of that, games like Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, with progressive jackpots included, can give you a jackpot-style experience out of nowhere.
- Video poker is the perfect game for online play. You don’t really lose anything in the transition from playing at a casino to playing the game at a real money online casino. And with a website or app, you can play from anywhere at any time.
Those are just a few of the reasons that you should consider video poker, in general. First, you need to learn how to play a basic hand. That will be the basis for all of the action that will take place in Joker’s Vault Poker video poker.
Playing Basic Video Poker
Step 1: The Bankroll
Your bankroll needs to be in place if you’re going to play video poker for real money. If you’re playing on a machine in the casino, you can simply put money into the machine in the slot provided. Or if you’re playing an online version of the game, you’ll have to fund a gambling account with credits cards or other alternative methods allowed by the website.
In most cases, the bankroll will then be broken up into individual units for you to bet and receive in winnings. These units, which can sometimes be referred to as credits or coins, will be worth whatever the denomination you might be playing happens to be. As an example, a 10-coin win at a 25-cent video poker game will earn you $2.50.
Step 2: The Bet
In the case of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, you get to bet between one and five credits per hand. That’s the way it is with most standard video poker games. But there is one major difference in the online version of the game.
When you play Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, you don’t have any incentive to bet the maximum amount of five coins per hand. Most video poker games reward a royal flush at a higher rate when you bet five coins. That isn’t the case with this game.
As a result, you can be a bit more flexible with the size of your bet with Joker’s Vault Poker video poker. You’re not hurting your payback percentage by playing less than the max bet. That can ease your burden somewhat in terms of your betting budget.
Step 3: The Hand
Video poker plays out much like the card game known as Five-Card Draw. You’ll get five cards, choose which ones you want to hold and which you want to discard, and draw new cards to replace the ones you’ve discarded. In both video poker and Five-Card Draw, your goal is to end up with the highest-ranked winning combination with your final five cards.
In the case of video poker, however, the key difference is that it’s only a one-person game. As a result, you don’t have to worry about beating multiple players with either a great hand or with some clever bluffing. Your only concern will be to form one of the winning combinations on the pay table of the game.
When you play Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, the winning combinations for which you’ll be striving are these:
-)
The hands at the top of the list pay the least because they are the easiest to achieve. As the list progresses downward, you’ll be looking at higher payback. But those hands will also be harder to achieve, which means you’ll also be judging the risk of losing the hand against the reward of a high payback.
The Deal
Most video poker games rely on a deck of 52 cards, but with Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, there is a wild card involved. That means your initial deal will come from a deck of 53. When the deal arrives, the amount that you’ve bet will be deducted from your bankroll.
Always keep in mind that the deal and subsequent draw will be random. That’s because there is literally a random number generator included within the software of the game. Always make your decision about what to hold and discard based on simple probabilities instead of any hunches you might have about what cards are coming next, because there is no way to protect that.
The Decision
Once your five cards are on the screen in front of you, you have to decide how to proceed with the hand. You can go forward into the draw with any sequence of holds and discards you choose.There is always the option to hold all five cards or discard all five.
Cards that you keep will be included in your final five-card combination. The cards that you discard will be replaced on the draw. Remember that there are only 48 cards remaining in the draw deck (53 in the original deck minus the five you were dealt).
Your decision should come down to the following factors:
- What chances do you have of making some sort of winning combination with what you have on the deal and what remains in the draw?
- What kind of payback can I earn with the winning combinations that are the most within my reach?
Sample Video Poker Hand With Wild Cards
When you play Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, you’ll have the opportunity of being dealt or drawing a joker. This is the 53rd card in the deck and acts as a wild card. That means it can be turned into any card in the deck that improves your hand the most.
If you get the joker on the deal, you’ll have to try and imagine which way it will be best be used in your final hand. That will help determine what other cards (if any) you might want to hold. Once you get to the final hand, any joker that you have, whether you had it on the deal or received it on the draw, will be automatically transformed by the game into the card that makes your hand as lucrative as it can be.
Take a look at a sample of how this process works. Imagine that you received the following five cards on a deal in Joker’s Vault Poker video poker:
This deal gives you a winning combination right off the bat. The joker can be imagined as a three, which would give you three of a kind with that rank. But that’s not the only possibility here.
For example, you could imagine the joker as connecting to the run of the two, three, and four of spades. That would put you just one card away from a straight flush, which is a solid payback amount in Joker’s Vault Poker video poker. Plus, that would still keep you in line for many other potential winning combinations.
In this example, let’s imagine that you went with that second option. Imagine that the hand plays out as follows on the draw:
You didn’t get the straight flush. But by drawing another spade, you’ve made a flush. That’s because the joker can be turned into another spade, since that is what gives you a winning combination here.
That sample shows you the advantage of getting a joker in your hand when playing Joker’s Vault Poker video poker. And that’s why the bonus round, which we’ll talk about in a bit, can be such a boost to you.
The Draw
Once the draw takes place, as we showed you above, your discarded cards will be immediately replaced. First, you have to indicate which cards you want to hold. Any card that you leave on the screen will be marked for the discard.
Your hand will be checked by the game to see if it’s a winner. If it is, your bankroll will be awarded the amount listed on the pay table. That includes whatever you bet.
From there, you can continue playing Joker’s Vault Poker video poker by repeating the steps we listed above. Another option is to quit and cash out your winnings. But if at any time, you run out of credits, you’ll have to replenish the bankroll to continue playing the game.
The Joker’s Vault Poker Bonus Round
The special twist in Joker’s Vault Poker video poker is a bonus round which includes a progressive element. This occurs at any point that you can achieve a full house during regular play. Once you do that, you are then headed to the bonus round.
Here are the characteristics of a Joker’s Vault Poker video poker:
- You’ll play eight hands without having to bet. Any winnings that you earn during this period will be based on the amount of your last bet before the bonus round. Only your bankroll won’t be deducted that amount as you play these hands.
- If you get a full house during the bonus round, you’ll reactivate the bonus round, even as you play the one that you’ve already done. For example, if you make a full house in Hand 5 of the bonus round, you’ll immediately add eight from there. And you can continue to reactivate as long as you’re in the midst of a previous bonus round.
- During the bonus round, every deal will include a joker. That obviously gives you an increased chance of winning those bonus hands.
- If you can win all eight of your bonus rounds, you’ll win the progressive jackpot available on the machine or the online version of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker you’re playing. This jackpot will slightly rise for every hand played until it is hit. At that point, it will be reset and the process will start over again.
The impact of a bonus round of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker can’t be overstated. It will be definitely be difficult to win the eight hands in a row and get the progressive jackpot. Even so, you can still earn substantial monetary rewards during this period of play without incurring any risk.
Alternate Version of Joker’s Vault Poker Video Poker Bonus Round
If you look around, there are some versions of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker found in casinos which include a similar but slight altered version of the bonus round. There is still a progressive jackpot and the bonus round is instigated by the full house as well. And basic play for this variation still includes a single joker as a 53rd card in the deck.
But there are some important differences:
- You’ll get to play 10 free hands in the bonus round instead of eight.
- When you play these bonus hands, you will not be guaranteed of receiving a joker in the hands that you play.
- To improves your chances of winning, a second joker will be added to the deck during bonus play. That means there will be 54 cards in the deck, two of which will be jokers.
- You don’t have to win every one of the bonus hands to win the Joker’s Vault Poker video poker jackpot. Instead, you have to win eight out of ten to do it.
The odds of your achieving the progressive jackpot in this version of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker are about the same as the one above. Just be mindful of the rule changes before you dive into it so that you can play with the proper strategy.
Joker’s Vault Poker Video Poker Pay Table
The pay table is a crucial piece of information whenever you play any kind of video poker, including Joker’s Vault Poker video poker. You’ll need it as you devise strategy. But it also can indicate other important factors such as what kind of payback you’ll be getting and how volatile your play will likely be.
If you’re new to video poker, looking at a pay table like the one belonging to Joker’s Vault Poker video poker might not mean much to you. After all, it might be hard to tell which parts of the pay table are good or bad.
With that in mind, let’s first look at the most common of all video poker pay tables. This is the highest-paying version of Jacks or Better, which is the most popular of all video poker games:
Jacks or Better
It’s important to realize that Jacks or Better does not offer you the chance to pay with a wild card. There are only 52 cards in the deck. As a result, it will be a little bit more difficult for you to form winning combinations than if you were playing with wild cards.
With that in mind, let’s take a look at the version of Joker Poker that most closely resembles Joker’s Vault Poker video poker. Some Joker Poker games start payback at a pair of kings or a pair of aces. Like Joker’s Vault Poker, this game starts payback at two pair:
As you can see, the payback for hands that are common with Jacks or Better are much lower in the Joker Poker game. That obviously reflects the fact that those hands are much easier to make with a joker in the picture. There are also hands, such as the wild royal flush and five of a kind, that are only available in Joker Poker.
With that established, it’s time to look at the most common pay table for the online version of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker.
Comparing this to regular Joker Poker, you can see that there are a few hands where Joker’s Vault Poker video poker comes out on top. It pays more for five of a kind and a wild royal flush. And it pays more for the royal flush on bets of one to four coins.
But as you move down the pay table, the Joker Poker pay table holds the edge in just about every conceivable way. The big one here is the difference in payback for three of a kind:
- Joker Poker: 2 to 1
- Joker’s Vault Poker Video Poker: Even money (1 to 1)
This is a big advantage for Joker Poker because of the frequency with which three of a kind will appear. With the wild card in place, it’s a hand that will pop up often during a typical session. And considering you’ll only be breaking even with it instead of gaining a profit when you play Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, you’ll struggle to keep your bankroll robust without the bonus rounds to alleviate the situation.
In other words, Joker’s Vault Poker video poker is the type of game that requires you to be ready for potential slumps. If you can hang on until you make it to the bonus rounds, you can do well. And if you can somehow hit a progressive jackpot, you’d be looking at a solid profit.
Alternate Joker’s Vault Poker Video Poker Pay Table
This is a pay table associated with the version of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker we talked about above, one which is usually found as a part of a video poker machine in casinos and not online. Take a look.
You can see that, with a few exceptions, this version of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker is a bit stronger in the payback department on most hands than the one above it. You’ll also notice that this version includes the five-coin boost for the royal flush. That makes it important for you to make the max bet if you are playing this variation.
Why the bigger payback? Well, remember that this version of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker doesn’t guarantee you a joker on every hand of the bonus round like the version online. The enhanced payback on hands like the flush and the straight helps to make up for that.
Joker’s Vault Poker Video Poker Payback Percentage
Payback percentage measures how much you can expect to return from your bankroll after playing a certain version of video poker for a long period of time. This is based on the probability of winning hands and the payback attached for the hands. In the case of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, that also means taking into account both the bonus round and the possibility of the progressive payout.
Unfortunately, the progressive part of it makes payback percentage for Joker’s Vault Poker video poker more of a moving target. We can estimate that the payback for the game comes in at a little over 90% when you consider just the pay table and the bonus round
possibilities. And that makes it one of the weaker video poker games you can play in terms of your payback.
But it’s also important to realize that the progressive jackpot, if it’s high enough, can offset a lot of that.
In fact, if that jackpot goes high enough, Joker’s Vault Poker video poker will reach a point where you can expect a profit from playing the game, which means that the house edge would be eliminated. It’s all a matter of timing it for when you have that opportunity to win the biggest amount.
Joker’s Vault Poker Video Poker Strategy
We said above that it’s tricky to determine the exact payback percentage for Joker’s Vault Poker video poker because of the progressive jackpot rising and falling. The same is true for the strategy for the game. In most cases, video poker strategy for a specific pay table requires you to play certain deals the same way every time you get them.
In other words, there is usually just one sequence of holds and discards which yields the best possible long-term value from a hand. But what makes Joker’s Vault Poker video poker strategy tricky is that you have to play certain deals differently whether you’re in the bonus round or not. Then, you also have to take into account the status of the progressive jackpot.
For example, consider the following deal in Joker’s Vault Poker video poker:
We know that two pair pays back only even money in Joker’s Vault Poker video poker. Meanwhile, you have a potential pure royal flush building with the three straight ranked cards of the same suit. There might be times when it is wisest to hold those three cards and go that route.
But what if the progressive jackpot is particularly high? In that scenario, the right play in this hand of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker might be to hold the two pair, which would give you a good shot at a full house. And we know that the full house is the only way you can get to the bonus round.
In fact, think of all the balls you have to juggle in the air with Joker’s Vault Poker video poker:
- You have to go after the full house a bit more aggressively in regular play because of how important the bonus round is.
- Once in the bonus round, you might want to play it safe and go for sure winning hands to give yourself the shot at a progressive jackpot.
- Depending on how high the jackpot gets and how close you are to qualifying for it in the bonus round, there might be times when you might have to shun even a one-card draw to a high-paying hand in favor of draws of more cards that give you better chances at a sure win.
That’s a lot to consider. And that’s after you figure out the right plays on every possible deal. All of this can make Joker’s Vault Poker video poker a very complex scenario for you.
Learning Joker’s Vault Poker Video Poker Strategy
Strategy for Joker’s Vault Poker video poker is an extremely complex matter, for all the reasons we showed you above. Yet if you don’t make the right plays, you’re essentially hurting your potential payback. And as we’ve said, without the progressive jackpot, payback for this game is weak as it is.
We suggest you get some help for your Joker’s Vault Poker video poker strategy. First of all, use video poker calculators to tell you when the jackpot has reached a point where the game becomes beneficial to you. The calculators will also help you to tell when to change up your strategy based on where the jackpot stands.
Normally, we’d recommend strategy charts that you can memorize and learn strategy for Joker’s Vault Poker video poker. But this game is too complex for a simple strategy chart to take in all the contingencies. Using video poker training software however, can help you in the following ways:
- You can input the setup of Joker’s Vault Poker video poker, from the pay table to the special features.
- You can be told by the software what the correct holds and discards are in every situation, including bonus rounds.
- You can also learn how to play video poker with practice hands if it’s the first time you’re playing the game.
Joker’s Vault Poker Video Poker Pros and ConsPros
Cons
- The bonus round allows you to win big without ever putting up any of your own money.
- Having a progressive jackpot in place gives you a chance to win more at a single time than you could playing basic video poker.
- Wild card play allows you to make winning combinations much easier and achieve hands that aren’t even available without wild cards in the deck.
- Overall payback is weak until the progressive jackpot really soars.
- Even when the progressive is high, there is no guarantee you’ll be able to hit it before somebody else does.
- Strategy for this game is extremely difficult to learn.
Conclusion
Joker’s Vault Poker video poker lets you play a wild card game that puts an emphasis on something different than the typical royal flush or five of a kind. In this case, it’s the full house, which is relatively within your reach compared to those other hands, which is the real goal. If you can get one of those and start racking up bonus hand wins, your bankroll could really ignite.Turquoise Gemstone-CZ Ring
Compliment your summer outfit with this trending ring, featuring a round cut semi-precious turquoise (Feroza Stone), studded in a frame of shimmering clear and champagne colored cubic zirconia stones. Designed in 22 karat yellow gold, this vibrant and lustrous fusion ring is a perfect gift for women who like a little pop in their jewelry wardrobe. A December birthstone, Feroza is believed to bring calmness and serenity.
Need sizing assistance? Check out our ring size guide.Trains in Kozhikode (Calicut), Kerala are 44% cheaper than in Islamabad.
A meal in Kozhikode (Calicut), Kerala is 50% cheaper than a meal in Islamabad.
A taxi fare in Kozhikode (Calicut), Kerala is 12% cheaper than in Islamabad.
Coffee in Kozhikode (Calicut), Kerala is 55% cheaper than in Islamabad.
Are you excited for an amazing trip from Islamabad to Kozhikode (Calicut), Kerala ?ozhikode (Calicut), Kerala .!Mitchell Marsh Full Biography
Mitchell Ross Marsh (born 20 October 1991) is an Australian international cricketer. Marsh has represented Australia in all three forms of cricket, making his debut during the 2011–12 season.
Mitchell Marsh Australian Cricketer- Basic Information
- Full Name: Mitchell Ross Marsh
- Nickname: no nickname
- Role: All- Rounder
- Batting Style: Right-Handed
- Bowling Style: Right hand medium fast
Physical Appearance
- Height (approx.): 6ft 00in
- Weight (approx.): 72 Kg
- Eye Colour:Brown
- Hair Colour: Brown
Personal Life Of Mitchell Marsh
- Date of Birth : 20th October 1991
- Age: 25 years
- Birth Place: Australia
- Zodiac sign: Libra
- Nationality: Australian
- School: NA
- College: NA
- Educational Qualifications: NA
Family & Religion
- Father: Geoff Marsh (Former Cricketer)
- Mother: Mitchelle
- Brother: Shaun Marsh (Elder, Cricketer)
- Sister: Melissa Marsh (Elder, Former Basketball Player)
- Coach/Mentor: NA
- Religion: Christianity
Cricket Career Of Mitchell Marsh
Internation Debuts
- Test: vs Pakistan in Dubai 22nd October 2014
- ODI: vs South Africa in Centurion 19th October 2011
- T20: vs South Africa in Johannesburg 16th October 2011
- Jersey Number: 56
- Domestic/State
Highlighted Records Of Mitchell Marsh
- He took 5/33 against England at the MCG in the year 2015.
- While bating on the seventh position against India, he scored 211 with the partnership of 371 runs with Sam Whiteman.
Mitchell Marsh Preferences & Hobbies
- Hobbies: Listening music, Playing Soccer
- Favorite Cricketers: Steve Waugh, Jacque Kallis
- Favorite Sportspersons: Messi
- Favorite Actress NA
- Favorite Food: Continental, Fast food
- Favorite Color: NA
Mitchell Marsh Relationship Status
- Marital Status: NA
- Wife: NA
- Marriage Date: NA
- Affairs/Girlfriend: Isabelle Platt
- Children: NA
Awards and Recognitions
Controversies did by Mitchell Marsh (Lighthouse Cottage
LIGHTHOUSE COTTAGE
Lighthouse Cottage Rental in the Heart of Historic Beaufort North Carolina
This lovely one bedroom, one bathroom cottage has been totally renovated, with tasteful and comfortable furnishings throughout. The bedroom features a Queen size bed and living room twin sofa sleeper. It sleeps a maximum of 3 people. There is one private parking space provided with the Lighthouse Cottage, as well as two cruiser bikes and helmets, a four burner propane grill, grilling accessories, a patio with two chairs, a cooler, and two beach chairs! All linens are provided. This is a NO smoking and NO pets rental.
AMENITIES
Everything You Need
One bedroom
One bathroom
Sleeps 2 + 1 on twin living room sleeper sofa
Kitchen
Range, Microwave, Refrigerator, Coffee Maker, Toaster
Living room
In-unit laundry
Patio area with grill
Wireless Internet
Cable TV
Two cruiser bicycles provided
2 beach chairs and cooler
No Pets Allowed
Rates Per Night
Plus: $75 Cleaning Fee, and 12.75% tax
Rates Per Night - Special Event Dates
6/10/22 - 6/18/22 - $138 per nightYour search for:
Self catering apartments in Champagny en Vanoise.
Has returned 4 holiday rentals
Quick Links: all accommodation in Champagny en Vanoise | all Chalets in Champagny en Vanoise | all Apartments in Champagny en Vanoise
1 - 4 of 4
From €1,027.00 (self catered) per week
Sleeps 15, 7 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms
Located near the ski area in Champagny-en-Vanoise, this apartment comes with 7 bedrooms to host 15 people. It is ideal for a large group or families to stay.The balcony gives magnificent views of the Courchevel valley and the electric heating gives a cozy stay.You can spend your day skiing at Par...
From €875.00 (self catered) per week
Sleeps 11, 5 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms
Located in Champagny-en-Vanoise, this 5 bedroom apartment is pacious for a large group of 11 guests or families to enjoy a vacation near the ski area. It has an electric heating and a balcony offering magnificent views of the village and valley.Ski lovers can head to the Paradiski ski area. At 10...
From €856.00 (self catered) per week
Sleeps 10, 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms
This 4-bedroom apartment in Champagny-en-Vanoise can accommodate 10 people. It is perfect for a large group or families.The home gives a relaxing sauna and a balcony with magnificent views of the village and valley.The Paradiski ski area is ideal to have a great time on the slopes. Shops and rest......Hi everyone, I am looking to sell a few things before the upcoming winter season! I am open to offers on everything and discounts will be offered for bulk purchases. Please note that the flash hiders you see in the pictures are not included with the guns during sale. PM me with any questions or concerns. PayPal Goods & Services ONLY. Prices include shipping. 1. $260 Robinson Armament Full Metal XCR-RDC (OEM'd by VFC) - Excellent condition. Less than 2,000 rounds fired and the cosmetic condition shows. Fully licensed and also has an aftermarket motor and a brand new VFC QRS stock. 2. $275 Krytac Full Metal Trident MKII SPR - Great condition. I have taken it to a couple of games and it performed flawlessly. It's completely stock aside from the M130 spring installed so right now it is shooting between 410-415fps with 0.25g bbs. Shoots like an absolute dream and the build quality is amazing. 3. $340 VFC VR16 Full Metal Airsoft Rifle with Redline N7 Milsim HPA Engine - This listing is for a VFC VR16 that originally began life as an AEG but has since been converted to an HPA platform using the Redline N7. Redline is a fantastic company with excellent customer support. The VR16's body and rail system are metal and the N7 engine is extremely reliable in all weathers. It also has a Redline Airstock preinstalled ($200 value). It is a very simple system that doesn't require any batteries and only requires a small 13ci SLP tank to be screwed in above the stock. This is also great for use as a loaner to introduce friends into the sport due to its easy setup and maintenance. Please note that this is the MILSIM edition, so it only fires in single fire mode (no full auto).Silver Shines as Bulls Relinquish Control
Matt Simpson October 20, 2021 3:55 AM
Silver prices have broken out of a bullish reversal pattern and confirmed a change in trend. And we suspect there could now be further upside to come.
Silver prices have broken out of a bullish reversal pattern and confirmed a change in trend. And we suspect there could now be further upside to come.
In today’s video we update earlier analysis on spot silver prices, since it has now broken the long-term bearish trend. Yet there are two bullish patterns of interest which project targets within close proximity to each.Speak with St Nicholas Montessori College at Career Path Expo
We are delighted to welcome St. Nicholas Montessori College Ireland to our New Year’s Career Path Expo (10-11 March 2021). For 50 years St Nicholas Montessori Society has […]
The Teaching Council Exhibit at Career Path Expo
We are excited to have The Teaching Council exhibit at our New Year’s Career Path Expo (10-11 March 2021). Have you ever thought of becoming a […]
Irish Students Top Maths Performers in EU
On the 9th of December, Norma Foley TD, the Minister for Education, welcomed the Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study (TIMSS 2019) results which show Ireland’s […]
Demands Expected for Bonus Points in LC
The Department of Education is currently bracing itself for demands for maths-style CAO bonus points for the highest-achieving Leaving Cert Irish candidates when the new arrangements […]
Wealthy Students Keep Grip on Universities
Wealthy students continue to retain a tight grip on college entry in addition to places on elite degree courses. In one glaring example, students from more […]
Schools Will Commence On Time After Christmas
Peter Weir, Education Minister has assured there are no plans to delay the return to education after the Christmas break. He has suggested that this is […]
Students Urged to Study Languages
Secondary students are being heavily urged to Brexit-proof their career prospects by taking up foreign languages as part of a new campaign that began this week. […]
Recent CommentsParents are being warned to be on the look out for the symptoms of scarlet fever following an increase in outbreaks across the country.
Anyone can be affected but it is most common in children between the ages of 2 and 8, according to the NHS.
The disease reaches its highest levels in winter and peaks in March.
A spokesperson for Public Health England."
Here's everything you need to know including what scarlet fever is and the symptoms to look out for.
What is scarlet fever?
According to the NHS it is a bacterial infection that mainly affects children.
It is caused by bacteria known as group A streptococcus (GAS), this will result in a reddish rash on the skin and the inside of the throat.
What are the symptoms?
Signs include a fever and a sore throat, you might also get a headache and experience nausea and vomiting.
Between 12 to 48 hours after this a widespread, fine pink-red rash - which feels like sandpaper when touched - will first appear on the chest or stomach.
Other symptoms include swollen glands, a loss of appetite and red lines in the folds of the body, such as the armpit. This may last a couple of days after the rash has gone.
You may also see a white coating on the tongue, which peels a few days later leaving the tongue red and swollen - this is known as strawberry tongue.
Who can get it?
Anyone can get scarlet fever, but young children are most affected.
“Scarlet fever is a bacterial illness that is most common among children under the age of 10,” says Dr Adam Simon, chief medical officer at PushDoctor.co.uk
He notes: “It’s highly contagious and can be passed on by coughing, sneezes, skin to skin contact and handling contaminated objects, like bath towels or bedding.”
Good hygiene – paying attention to hand-washing, and avoiding sharing potentially contaminated items – can help reduce spreading.
What should you do if you think your child has scarlet fever?
In the past, an outbreak of scarlet fever was a very serious concern and children and families affected were often quarantined to prevent others from getting ill.
While things are different now, it’s still important it is properly diagnosed and treated, and that necessary steps are taken to avoid passing it on further.
Dr Simon advises: “In the majority of cases, scarlet fever will clear up of its own accord, but it’s always recommended to see a GP if you think you or your child may have it.”
“The usual course of treatment is antibiotics, which will help you to recover more quickly, lower the amount of time you’re contagious for and reduce the risk of complications occurring.”
It’s usually a 10-day course, and children should start feeling better after 24 hours, with symptoms clearing up completely after a few days (but it’s still vital to complete the full course of treatment).
Doctors generally advise that anybody infected stays home from nursery, school or work for at least 24 hours after starting on antibiotics.
How serious is it?
Scarlet fever was a leading cause of infant death in the past.
Better hygiene, and treatments, mean it generally isn’t the terrifying illness it used to be and, in the vast majority of cases, will clear up quite quickly and cause little more than a few days of feeling poorly, especially if treated properly.
Of course, complications – ranging from mild to serious – can still potentially occur.
“Complications are rare and especially easy to avoid if symptoms are spotted and treatment begun early. However, in some scarce cases, potential complications can occur, ranging from relatively simple issues like an ear infection, to blood poisoning and liver damage in more serious cases,” said Dr Simon.
If you are concerned about your child’s health, or if symptoms suddenly worsen or change, always get them checked by a doctor.
For more information on scarlet fever visit the NHS website .Protect the charging infrastructure and electric vehicles from lightning and surge damage according to the requirements of IEC 60364-4-44 clause 443, IEC 60364-7-722 and VDE AR-N-4100.
Electric vehicles – clean, fast and quiet – are becoming increasingly popular
The quickly growing e-mobility market is sparking great interest in industry, utilities, communities and with citizens. Operators aim to make a profit as soon as possible, so it is vital to prevent downtime. This is done by including a comprehensive lightning and surge protection concept at the design stage.
Safety – a competitive advantage
Lightning effects and surges jeopardise the integrity of the sensitive electronics of charging systems. It is not only charging posts which is at risk, but the customer’s vehicle. Downtime or damage can soon get expensive. Beside the repair costs, you also risk losing the trust of your customers. Reliability is the top priority in this technologically young market.This seventh edition of the Financing the United Nations Development System report arrives at a moment when the UN system is facing unprecedented challenges. Climate change, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing inequality, and armed conflicts are placing inimitable demands on the multilateral system. For the international community, then, it is Time to Meet the Moment through quality financing of multilateral approaches to development. Only then can a shared aim of promoting prevention, mitigation, resilience building and emergency preparedness be met.
Mobilising the quality, unearmarked multilateral finance needed to address these challenges calls for clarity and transparency. Towards this end, the financial data explored in Part One of this report aims to demystify the complex funding dynamics of the UN development system and how they feed into financing flows for the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
Building on this, in Parts Two and Three the report presents a comprehensive selection of contributions from experts – including UN professionals (present and former), and representatives of think tanks and Member States – reflecting on the emerging trends, risks and opportunities apparent in multilateral financing. In doing so, the report provides a point of departure for forward-looking conversations both on how the UN system ought to be funded and how it could leverage this finance towards meeting global needs and goods, all the while building forward better from the COVID-19 pandemicHomes for Sale in Descanso
By Mike and Dawn Lewis, The Lewis Team at Keller Williams in San Diego CA
(The Lewis Team at Keller Williams)
Homes for Sale in Descanso Descanso is located in East County San Diego. Descanso is in the Cuyamaca Mountains and is located at the south entrance to Cuyamaca Rancho State Park. It also borders the Cleveland National Forest to the west and east. Neighborhoods close by are Alpine to the west and Pine Valley to the east. The zip code for Descanso is 91916. The name Descanso in Spanish is “to rest from work”.This is a rural and country area of San Diego County and if you’re looking to buy a home in Descanso, many of the homes come with lots of land. Click on the “Search Homes in this community button” to search all homes in the MLS in Descanso. It will show you homes priced least expensive to most expensive. If you find a home that you like you can add it to your favorites, email it...Subtly fragrant aromatic nose featuring tobacco leaf, spice, peppery notes and enchanting black fruit. Rich, elegant, soft textured this wine has well balanced savoury flavours with good volume. Pleasantly subtle tannins, balanced with a long finish with plenty of spice and mocha. Pair with a medium rare fillet of beef.
15%
Click Enter only if you are at least 18 years of age.
Submit your email to get the latest offers, updates and news from Caviste.
Are you a New User? REGISTER HERE
We will send you an email to reset your password.800ml Household Digital Ultrasonic Cleaner 60W Stainless Steel Bath 110V 220V Degas Ultrasound Cleaning for Watches Jewelry. 110V/220V UK US EU AU is available, leave message if you have requirement. The ultrasonic cleaner is a. That uses ultrasonic or high frequency sound waves to clean jewelry and other delicate items. The vibration of ultrasonic wave in liquid will cause.
Millions of cavitation bubbles can be generated per second. Under the action of sound pressure, these bubbles are. Rapidly produced and continuously violent blasting, producing strong impact and suction force to remove stubborn dirt and kill bacteria and viruses. Ultrasonic cleaning equipment can save time and labor, freeing your hands, and make your life and work more efficient. Can strengthen the ultrasonic power and make superior cleaning outcome.In ultrasonic cleaner to control the unit, according to the quantity and condition of the items to be cleaned to choose a working cycle time. As a result, it is. Than hand wash, steam cleaners, high pressure water jet cleaning or other machines.. High efficiency cleaning for teeny blot particles. tap water only for general cleaning, you also can add about 5-10 ML of detergent into water to enhance wash result when needed.. 1 x Stainless steel cover.
1 x Industrial Power Cord. The item "Ultrasonic cleaner 60W stainless steel bath 800ml 110V 220V for watches jewelry" is in sale since Thursday, March 4, 2021. This item is in the category "Jewelry & Watches\Jewelry Design & Repair\Jewelry Cleaners & Polish". The seller is "allsatisfiedin" and is located in Hong Kong.
This item can be shipped worldwide.Archive for 2016
back from the smoke!Friday, December 2nd, 2016
Well now I remember why I worked in Pimlico! Charming punters, peace & tranquility in abundance and only ten minutes or so walking through Mary Poppins-esque streets to get away from it when you’ve had enough. Having Tate Britain on the doorstep is never a bad thing when a chance to while away a couple […]
back to the beginnings!Tuesday, November 15th, 2016
The last couple of weeks have flown! Which for some bits in particular is no bad thing; I wonder if we could fast forward through the next four years too. I’m all packed up and ready to head off for Pimlico for an exercise in déjà vu that I’m vaguely apprehensive about; as a handful […]Image 9-261-34 | Photo ©David Sanger | Greece, Mykonos, Windmill
Stock Photo
This stock photo of Greece, Mykonos, Windmill, Alamy Images number AK626-261-34 of Greece, Mykonos is © David Sanger Photography. All RIghts Reserved
Related Subjects
Keywords
architecture, blue, blue sky, bright, building, Cyclades, Cycladic, daylight, EU, Europe, Greece, Greek, Greek Island, illuminated, island, landmark, light, luminous, Mediterranean, Mykonos, sky, sunlight, tradition, travel, typical, well lit, white, whitewash, wind, windmill, horizontal,- NYM
- FLA
Mets
Marlins
Game Stats
Walks Issued
- NYM1
- 1FLA
Stolen Bases
- NYM0
- 0FLA
Strikeouts Thrown
- NYM14
- 7FLA
Total Bases
- NYM7
- 4FLA
Game Information
- Miami Gardens, Florida 33299
Marlins' Johnson dominates Mets with 5-hit gem
Josh Johnson's dominant outing was just enough to beat Johan Santana..Byron Youth Theatre (BYT) has announced it is going to hold the region’s first formal especially for young people who identify as LGBTIAQ+ and their friends, who are eager for opportunities to socialise and celebrate with each other.
While it may seem an unusual step for a theatre company to take, BYT director Lisa Apostolides explained the event had ‘evolved from requests by youth audiences after watching our production called No One Way, which toured schools earlier this year. ‘
Group member Raani Nichols came up with the idea of holding a ‘Fancy Formal’ and together with Lisa they have gained more support and connections to create the event, with LGBT+ youth groups from Tweed and Lismore also attending.
The evening will commence at 6pm with mocktails and canapes being served by young people studying hospitality and event Mmanagement through TAFE at the YAC, followed by three short performances by BYT cast members of No One Way and a 15-minute open mic session.
‘The rest of the evening will see awesome DJ’s mixing it up for the young people attending,’ Lisa said.
This celebratory event has been made possible with a grant from the Mental Health Association of NSW (sponsored by ACON), a donation from community member Stephen Allkins (king of the 80’s DJ scene in Sydney) and a Small Change grant successfully gained by Raani.
The inaugural LGBT+ and friends Youth Fancy Formal will be held at the YAC in Byron Bay on Saturday November 12 from 6pm-10.30pm.
Tickets can be purchased online at or on the door for $10. Food and non alcoholic drinks can be purchased at concession prices
Wahooooooo! Best news.Happy November guys! Am I allowed to be excited for winter and Christmas markets. It is still a bit too early to get excited for my birthday but that is ok! I just love this time of year.
This week, it was time for me to film my October Favourites so I take you through the Autumn lips I have been loving, my favourite book this month and much more.
Hope you enjoy it and please don’t forget to like and subscribe. See you all on YouTube next week.
Lots of love
LEAVE A COMMMENTPrime Central London With 12 offices in Prime Central London, we specialise in historic and listed London property. Here we share our pick of exclusive homes. Home Prime Central London Barton StreetWestminster, SW1P £4,500,000 Princes MewsNotting Hill, W2 £2,500,000 Gloucester WalkKensington, W8 £5,495,000 Wilton CrescentChelsea, SW1X £19,500,000 Queen StreetMayfair, W1J £6,000,000 Ennismore GardensSouth Kensington, SW7 £6,250 Pw Lancaster GateHyde Park, W2 £23,000,000 Philbeach GardensEarls Court, SW5 £4,680,000 Moreton StreetWestminster, SW1V £2,199,950 Groom PlaceBelgravia, SW1X £6,500,000 Devonshire CloseMarylebone, W1G £4,500,000 Buckingham PlaceWestminster, SW1E £8,750,000Magadi Farmhouse
Area 1,200 sq.ft. | Location Magadi, Karnataka, India | Year 2019 - 2020 | Team Amrutha Kishor, Anjali Nar (Metristambh) & Mahesh Ganesh (Metalorganz) | Program Agro-tourism
Located at the outskirts of Bengaluru, Magadi is a village which runs mainly on the farming industry. The farmhouse is situated in a 5-acre property, in the midst of coconut trees and is a short walk away from a lake and the mountains. An ideal escape from the urban chaos of Bangalore, the property is to be rented out as a weekend home on Airbnb.
Using shipping containers for construction is a great way to build for the environmentally conscious. A report by Integrated Equipment Sales states that in the year 2020 there are 11 million unused containers disposed at different parts of the world. With this project, we have upcycled 8 metric tonnes of metal waste.
Magadi Farmhouse which is built with two used shipping containers has a very spacious feel to it. Apart from the one bedroom with attached bathroom facility, there is also a central courtyard, open kitchen and designated living and dining spaces.
Two shipping containers of the size 40x9.5x8 feet.
A used shipping container is essentially a metal box. Our main challenge was to make it adapt to the hot climate of South India to create comfortable conditions indoors. Here are the measures we have taken to make Magadi Farmhouse climate-responsive:
Insulation on walls keeping indoor temperature desirable, cutting out the need for airconditioning.
The overall cost to build Magadi Farmhouse is was ₹17 lakhs -which is 33% less than if it were built in a conventional style.
The time required for construction is also considerably low.
Picnic Anyone | 1960s red bandanna dress | medium - large
Picnic anyone? This fun and flirty 1960s /1970s wonderful red and black bandanna print dress with a super full circle skirt features a scoop neckline with white Rick Rack trim, half ruffled sleeves with eyelet trim and a big ruffle at the bottom also with white Rick Rack and eyelet trim. Side nylon zipper.
Note the red colour will vary depending upon your device, but it is a good true red.
Measurements:
Please allow extra room for comfortable fit and ease of movement. Item is laid flat, measurements are taken and then doubled for the bust and waist.
Fits like: medium to medium-large
Shoulder to shoulder: 15.5”
Bust: 38”
Waist: 30”
Hips: full
Length of bodice: 16.5"
Length of dress: 38.5”
Details:
Brand/maker: unknown
Fabric: cotton
Condition: very good to excellent -.Campsite photos
Campsite photos
Campsite de L'Arche ****
General information
The camping site exudes a very luxurious atmosphere when you arrive. The stylish reception building looks chic and is managed by a friendly French couple. The entire camping site is extremely well cared for with spacious, beautifully located pitches.
Show more
A place to come back to
The lawns are spacious and are partly shaded. In high season there are many families with children, some of them returning regularly. In low season many senior citizens enjoy their stay here.
Swimming between the rocks
There are many amenities as sports fields, a luxury outdoor and indoor swimming pool and a playground for the little ones. The river Gard runs along the camping site. You can jump in the water from the rocks and swim in the recesses of the rocks. In the meantime the steam train chugs along above you.
Dining in style
The shop is well-stocked. The restaurant, with comprehensive menu, is tastefully decorated and is in a beautiful setting. Especially in low season it is lovely to sit around the fireplace.
It is obvious that the sanitary facilities near the pool have recently been renewed; they are modern and kept very clean.
With the steam train or to the bamboo forest
You can make a trip to Saint Jean de Gard with the steam train which runs along the camping site. Furthermore, a trip to the mountain or a day at the sea are a must. The nearby bamboo forest is very nice to visit.
- Campsite accepts ACSI Club IDEXPANSION PLANS FOR NEPTUNE INSPECTION
Neptune Inspection is a North East based start up undergoing a rapid expansion.
The company is led by Managing Director, Steven Winder who has seven years industry experience and prides himself on heading a professional, reliable, motivated team with all inspectors being qualified to PCN Level II.
The company which was originally established in 2015, managed to secure funding through a private investor and then set about investing in state of the art equipment. Trading then started in just April 2017 after gaining approvals with Lloyds Register, Bureau Veritas and DNVGL. In just 12 months Neptune has secured a strong client base which is continuing to grow and the company is looking to expand both in terms of staff and locations.
Neptune Inspection offer a professional but personal service with a global reach, offering reliable and professional Non Destructive Testing on marine vessels at sea or in dry dock and offers a dynamic and highly professionalised service to its growing client base. Neptune’s pricing structure is clear and transparent offering no surprises when you receive its invoice.
"Starting a new company takes a big leap of faith but we are now at a point where expansion is now seriously on the horizon. With seven years industry experience I have learnt over time that clients really appreciate knowing who they are dealing with, rapid reporting time and reliability. I am proud to say that Neptune prides itself in delivering this promise each and every time to its clients and I think that this is what sets us apart from other companies within the industry." Steven Winder, Managing Director, Neptune Inspection.Conner, Hugh
- Identifier:
- clarysville_00112
- Hospital Number:
- 3637
- Name:
- Conner, Hugh
- Date Admitted:
- 1864/07/23
- Date Discharged:
- 1864/09/15
- Age:
- 40
- Nativity:
- Ireland
- Marital Status:
- Single
- Residence:
- Meo Co, Ireland [County Mayo, Ireland]
- Relative Address:
- Castle Bar Meo Co., Ireland [Castlebar, County Mayo, Ireland]
- Rank:
- Private
- Company:
- H
- Regiment:
- 34th Ohio Vol Inf [34th Ohio Volunteer Infantry]
- Source:
- Field
- Diagnosis:
- Gun shot wound
- Diagnosis Description:
- Gun shot flesh wound of the base of left ear anteriorly
- Result:
- Cured and returned to dutyIntravitreal injection of ocriplasmin resolves vitreomacular traction, improves vision
France: Intravitreal injection of ocriplasmin effectively resolved vitreomacular traction (VMT) in nearly 50% of the patients (with or without macular hole) by day 28, according to results from phase 4 multicenter study published in the journal Retina.
VMT is a vision-threatening eye condition that involves the vitreous - the clear gel that fills the inside of the eyeball. Symptoms include blurry vision, distorted and blacked-out central vision. Patients with VMT experience difficulty in performing daily tasks that require sharp vision such as watching TV or reading. It can lead to a macular hole (MH) which can distort and blur the central vision. In most cases, MH requires surgical intervention to reduce the risk of permanent vision loss.
Ocriplasmin is a recombinant truncated form of human plasmin having proteolytic activity against protein components of the vitreoretinal interface (e.g., laminin, fibronectin, collagen, and others), thereby dissolving the protein matrix mediating vitreomacular adhesion (VMA).
Ramin Tadayoni, Université Paris 7, Paris, France, and colleagues evaluated the anatomical and functional outcomes with ocriplasmin in patients with vitreomacular traction with or without the macular hole in the OVIID-1 study.
The study included 466 VMT patients with focal adhesion, without epiretinal membrane and with macular hole of 400 µm or less if present. The patients received a single intravitreal injection of Jetrea (ocriplasmin, ThromboGenics). The researchers then evaluated the nonsurgical resolution of VMT by day 28, best-corrected visual acuity, hole closure, vitrectomy rate, and safety through 180 days.
Key findings of the study include:
- By day 28, 47.4% had VMT resolution by Day 28; resolution rates in patients with VMT without MH, VMT with MH ≤250 µm, and VMT with MH >250 to ≤400 µm were 43.4%, 68.6%, and 62.7%, respectively. The overall resolution rate by day 180 was 49.4%.
- Macular hole closure was higher in eyes with VMT and MH ≤250 µm (57.1%) than in eyes with VMT and MH >250 to ≤400 µm (27.5%) at Day 28.
- 30.8% of patients with VMT resolution gained ≥10 letters in best-corrected visual acuity at Day 180.
- Adverse events were consistent with the known safety profile of ocriplasmin.
"Vitreomacular traction resolution and nonsurgical MH closure with ocriplasmin were associated with improvements in best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA) at the end of the 6-month follow-up period in patients with focal VMA ≤1,500 µm and absence of ERM at baseline, including when associated with MHs ≤400 µm. The safety findings were consistent with pivotal studies and other randomized clinical trials, which are well characterized for ocriplasmin," wrote the authors.
To sum up the findings, ocriplasmin is effective for the resolution of VMT without or with MH (≤400 μm); treatment outcomes can be optimized with patient selection.
The study, " Assessment of Anatomical and Functional Outcomes With Ocriplasmin Treatment in Patients With Vitreomacular Traction With or Without Macular Holes: Results of OVID-1 Trial," is published in the journal Retina.
For more details click on the link: DOI: 10.1097/IAE.00000000000023By Souls of Silver
The truth is plain and simple. Every creation comes from one divine source. Even the tiniest of elements have energies governing their existence. Metaphysics dictate that the density of an object would ensure how fast the energies within it vibrates. And this vibration would be felt by human beings, to decipher what they are. But, certain vibrations are in the realm of higher consciousness- thereby limiting human perception. Also, this impossibility in perception is sole, because we as humans don’t believe in the existence of something we can’t sense.
Also Read: How To Activate Your Soul Star Chakra And Connect To Your Higher Self
It is a very natural fact- some vibrations are beyond human reach, but that doesn’t mean they don’t exist. In fact, through years and years of practice, there have been humans who could feel higher consciousness. Nowadays, individuals from all over the globe are trying to raise their vibrations to experience higher consciousness. A higher vibration allows one to gain information from divinity clearly and concisely.
Here are 17 symptoms of a higher consciousness, which may last for 5 years
Out-of-Body Experience of Higher Consciousness
This usually takes place when you are separated from your physical being. You would still be able to roam about different dimensions on an astral plane. Usually, some triggers govern one through the process.
Sounds
If you hear electrical static sounds or simple buzzing with no viable source around, it might be a signal that someone is communicating with you. This usually happens when you are asleep, so look out for such sounds that might just prove that you have a heightened consciousness.
Tingling Sensations
If you feel tingles running through your body, or shivers going down your spine, you could be experiencing higher consciousness. It could also be brought about by goosebumps and your skin standing on end.
Voices
If you feel people talking around you, but can’t locate the source, you could be in a higher realm of consciousness.
Sinking Feeling
If you feel like you are sinking, but can’t find any physical evidence to support it, it could be a symptom of higher consciousness.
Paralysis
You feel paralyzed and numb in certain areas of the body.
Weightlessness
When you experience lightness, it could be a sign of higher consciousness. Look out for sensations of your body levitating in the air.
Vibrations
Your vibrations are faster than they used to be.
Pulses
You can feel energy pulses around you.
Presence
You can feel the presence of something or someone around you.
Internal Rocking
Something seems to be spinning inside you, or moving at a considerably high rate.
Lifting Arms
Your arms get lifted in the air of their own accord when you are sleeping.
Energy Surges
You can sense a surge of energy as it courses through your body.
Hear Noises
You start hearing noises that are quite out of the blue and absurd.
Smells
If your nose catches the scent of flowers or other pleasant things out of the blue, it could be because of your higher consciousness.
Psychic Abilities
You find developments in your psychic abilities as your aura starts changing.
Number Patterns
You witness numbers which oddly seem to be in sync with each other. This is because you are completely attuned to the vibrations of the Universe.
How Should One React to Such Symptoms in the Face of Higher Consciousness
There have been many theories propounded about the nature of the astral body projection that takes place. But most of these theories point out that this event is usually quite a direct result of non-physical body shifting whilst in the physical body. These sensations are a test to see if your body can withstand separation.
Also Read: Science Says That The Universe May Have Consciousness
In the event of such a symptom, the first thing to remember is staying calm. Instead of fear about what could go wrong, try to feel the sensations. Don’t move about, or the vibrations might stop. The noises, the smells, the energy pulses- everything is out there to simply help you.
You need to inform the universe that you are ready for whatever future it has planned for you. And you can do so by surrendering to the numbing feeling that encompasses your very being.
Remember, when it is the higher consciousness in question- the smallest of thought surges can bring about massive changes. So, don’t stray your thoughts much.Right now, thousands are in Minneapolis to honor George Floyd. Floyd's death evoked nationwide protests against police brutality and the Black Lives Matter Movement.
The Memorial
With the memorial being held at North Central University in downtown Minneapolis, only miles from the scene of Floyd's death. Many celebrities were in attendance such as, Kevin Hart, Tiffany Haddish, T.I, and Ludacris. There were also several politicians including, Minnesota Governor Tim Walz and Senator Amy Klobuchar. Ben Crump, the family attorney had to say this about America's current state:
"What we are doing is helping America be America for all Americans. George Floyd is the moment that gives us the best opportunity that I have seen in a long time of reaching that high ideal that this country is founded upon."
The Eulogy
In a moving eulogy, Reverend Al Sharpton told the story of Floyd's death, comparing it to the experience of black people in America. Sharpton pleads:
"The reason we could never be who we wanted and dreamed of being is you kept your knee on our neck. We don't want no favors. Just get up off of us and we can be and do whatever we can be."
A Conversation With Tyler Perry
I spent the past few days with an extremely heavy heart, having very high level conversations with people who don’t…— Tyler Perry (@Tyler Perry) 1591027201.0
The family is reported telling actor Tyler Perry,
"We are the big extended Black family that you portray on your movie screens."
Reverend Sharpton was flown to the service on Perry's private plane alongside other family members. Earlier this week Perry spoke with Floyd's family to offer comfort. He says the family was:
"Adamant in their call for peaceful protest."
- Our Statement Regarding The Recent Events - Celebrity Page ›
- Celebrities Join George Floyd Protests: Halsey, Ariana Grande, J ... ›
- Hollywood Speaks Out For George Floyd - Celebrity Page ›
- What To Watch: The Hottest Show Premieres This Week! ›
- One-On-One: Stevie Baggs Jr. Chats 'Ruthless' & Working With Tyler Perry In "Camp Quarantine" - Celebrity Page ›21 January 2021 | News
The X34 X-ray inspection system provides detection of metal, glass, high-density plastic, mineral stone and calcified bone fragments across a wide range of packaged foods
Food manufacturers will be able to identify very small contaminants in a quicker and more reliable manner following the launch of a new X-ray system from the product inspection division of US based Mettler-Toledo.
The X34 X-ray inspection system provides.
“Changing consumer expectations have resulted in an extraordinary choice of food and drink in a variety of cans, jars, bottles, cartons, and plastic containers,” says Mike Pipe, product inspection specialist for Mettler-Toledo. .
The launch of the X34 with its optimized detection and automated set-up compliments.
For more information about the X34, click here:Get ready for "Paul Pierce's Sports Bar and Grille" to open by the Garden in 2023?
In yesterday's Boston Globe Gary Washburn shared some quotes from Paul Pierce about what his plans are for life after basketball:
“Ultimately, what I would like to do is have a business in Boston. also stated he holds no grudge towards the organization for dealing him, and even suggested he might pursue a front office position alongside his former employers:
“Who knows? I may be working for Wyc Grousbeck or Danny Ainge..”
I imagine the Celtics would love to have Pierce back in some capacity after he retires. And I can't wait to grab a pre-game beer in "The Truth Tavern" someday.
Follow Mark on twitter @LucidSportsFanCalifornia’s steady decline of coronavirus cases continued through the weekend, giving residents a glimmer of hope that the state is slowly on its way back to a semblance of normal life after being one of the worst stricken regions in the United States.
New data showed there were 24,111 reported new COVID-19 cases in California counties on Saturday. After the post-holiday surge in the state that caused record-breaking numbers, there were 620 fewer cases than the previous day.
From 29,122 new daily cases, the state recorded a seven-day average that dropped to 27,405 patients, which was the lowest average number of cases since December 11.
Road to Recovery
Since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic, California has recorded 3.1 million infections. The Golden State experienced one of the country’s most dramatic surges in November despite its early success in controlling the spread of the virus.
For the first time since Christmas Day, the number of patients diagnosed with COVID-19 has also decreased, dropping below 19,000 on Thursday. And hospitals received 552 fewer patients than the total of 19,537 on Wednesday.
The total number of individuals reported with the coronavirus in intensive care units was 4,527 as of Thursday, which was also marginally lower compared to Wednesday’s total by 89 patients. California had 2,348 patients hospitalized, 660 of which were on ICU beds with COVID-19, on October 20, before the winter surge.
The state’s daily average deaths dropped below 500 for the first time since January 18, recording only 458 fatalities. Across California, there have been 36,793 COVID-19-related deaths since the beginning of the pandemic.
The positive case figure comes despite concerns about how officials are handling the distribution of the coronavirus vaccines in California. The Department of Public Health said that the state had administered 2,191,111 COVID-19 vaccines as of Friday.
On Saturday, state officials said they delivered 4,135,625 COVID-19 vaccine shots to health care systems with facilities and local officials in several counties, which include the first and second doses for patients. State officials said the numbers did not reflect the actual daily changes as there may be a delay in the reports.
Distribution of Vaccine
An analysis by Bloomberg found that California had the slowest distribution of the coronavirus vaccine in the country based on the number of doses distributed to each state.
On Saturday, Contra Costa County the highest number of new cases in the Bay Area with a total of 276 new infections with three fatalities. In Alameda County, officials recorded 114 new infections and 31 deaths. On Thursday, the East Bay County said it observed 54 deaths, and on Friday, an additional 13. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, Alameda County recorded a total of 886 coronavirus-related deaths, Mercury News reported.
The data also showed that San Francisco recorded 111 new COVID-19 cases and three fatalities. On the other hand, Sonoma County observed 190 new infections but zero fatalities. Over the weekend, there were six Bay Area counties that did not have updated coronavirus data showing their caseloads and fatalities.
The majority of California’s new cases on Saturday were from Los Angeles County, with a total of 10,085 new infections. Meanwhile, San Diego County officials said they recorded 2,980 new cases while Orange County and San Bernardino had 2,752 and 1,659 new cases, respectively.
On Friday, Riverside did not update its data of how many new cases or deaths it recorded, despite having the second-highest total of infections in the region.
Having an increase of 15 deaths to a new total of 268, Los Angeles County recorded the most number of fatalities due to the coronavirus. Compared to Friday, Orange County and San Diego County recorded 78 and 43 coronavirus-related deaths, a drop of 54%.Caliber:38 Special
Grain Weight:158
Bullet Type: FMJ
Muzzle Velocity: 891 fps
Muzzle Energy: 278 ft/lbs
Velocity at 100yds: 838 fps
This is loaded ammunition.
Be the first to review this product! You'll be the talk of the town.
Log in now to write a review.
What started as a small dream has become a multi-million dollar international business
selling ammunition, reloading supplies and accessories.Dynamizm przemian – wytrwałość humanistyki (O książce Anny Burzyńskiej Dekonstrukcja, polityka i performatyka)
Dynamism of evolution – persistence of the humanities
Subject(s): Literary Texts
Published by: Wydawnictwo Uniwersytetu Jagiellońskiego
Keywords: econstruction; text; understanding; theory of literature; Derrida Jacques
Summary/Abstract: This text is devoted to the Anna Burzyńska’s book Deconstruction, politics and performatics, showing the philosophical transformation in the humanities in the second half of the twentieth century. Burzyńska has chosen specific way to describe these aspects of the field, although considerations apply to the mainly popular theory on the basis of literature, highlight extraordinary dynamism of this branch of knowledge and incredible speed of researchers’s responses to any signs of stagnation. She considerated the source of these transformations in Derrida’s deconstructive vision – of what I partly agree in this review, but also I have to notice signs of manipulation. Researcher shows, however, perhaps the most important aspect of the humanities, its extremely intense relationship with almost all areas of human existence, a great sensitivity of all philosophers facing contemporary challenges and the role of literary studies, in which it comes (come) to incorporate.Free Download MOD APK Android Coalition - Multiplayer FPS
Description of Coalition - Multiplayer FPS for Android
• Four classes to choose from before deploying to battle: Assault, Engineer, Support and Recon
• Three cycling game modes: Capture the Flag, Free-For-All, and Team-Deathmatch
• Twenty eight total weapons!
• Realistic weapon movements and firing
• Realistic settings for intense battles
Have fun by downloading the MOD APK of Coalition - Multiplayer FPS for free, at Sbenny.com!
APK Requirements and Details:
Android version required: 4.0 and higher versions of Android Smartphones and Tablets
Required storage space: 90 MB or more
Internet connection NOT required to play
APK ID: com.sideeffect.coalition
Updated Apk Version: 3.323 Coalition - Multiplayer FPS
Free Download Coalition - Multiplayer FPS APK Android
Broken Link? Outdated Version? Report it! Want us to make a custom MOD for you? Visit our dedicated Forum!
[APK] [90.2 MB] [v3.323] [MOD - Cheat Menu Unlocked]
OR
[APK+DATA] [Google Play] [Free Game]
Have troubles installing Coalition - Multiplayer FPS? Please read our tutorial about INSTALLING MOD APK FILES.
Link broken? Looking for a MOD (Hacked) version Coalition - Multiplayer FPS? Join our community and we will help you!Shopping Cart
Quantity:
Subtotal
Taxes
Shipping
Total
There was an error with PayPalClick here to try again
I Know Santa!
I Know Santa!
Let me set you up with a visit in Utah!
Testimonials
I want to let you guys know that we could not have been happier with Santa last night!!! We have been doing parties for 6 years now and have had Santa every year, and I can finally say that we have now found the PERFECT Santa Claus!!!!!!! He was so cute with the kids and we loved how he would pose so cute and he had the best facial expressions!!! He was very personable with each child, made all of us feel the Christmas spirit! I was looking through my photos from last night and it brought tears to my eyes! My little girl adored him! First time she didn't cry! Thanks you so so so much for taking your time with no rush, we thoroughly enjoyed every minute! Is it too early to book for next year? I will send you guys some of the photos, they are perfect!
-Shandee N, 2013
Throughout our event his perfect laughter of “ho ho ho ho” rang throughout the room. Santa John also eagerly encouraged a gentleman in his 40’s who is bound to a wheelchair because of Cerebral Palsy to get out of his chair and sit on his lap. He didn’t have him sit on the bench, he helped staff get him out of his chair and got him onto his lap. It was memorable for everyone and was the perfect example of who Santa is and what Santa doe
-Beth D, Region 1 Director, Disabled Services, 2013
I have met this Santa and he is everything a good Santa should be. He is kind and attentive to children. He looks each individual in the eye and spends time making them feels special. And his beard is real! He really does bring the spirit of Christmas with him. I highly recommend.
-Liz D, 2010
Thanks Ann! Santa was fantastic! We appreciated it! The kids really liked him! Look forward to next year if he continues to do this great Santa service!
Tell your brother Thank you!!!! He was super kind and polite! I was a crazy busy hostess that night so hopefully it worked out fine for him.
-Angela S, 2012
Most important to me- This Santa is much more than a 'photo' Santa. (And as a photo Santa I'm sure this Santa would shine.) But my experience with him was where I saw him take enough time with each child to create a little friendship- a laugh or shared smile about a question he might have asked or the cute answer she might have given. It seemed like once she had convinced herself that the beard was real, the genuine little exchange took place. And that is what my grand daughter remembered.
-Stan, 2013
Thanks Ann and thank Santa for his visit to my Christmas party. I really appreciate his thoughtfulness and making each child feel special. See you next year,
- Irene C, 2012
Was so impressed with this Santa - His genuine beard goes with the genuine twinkle in his eye and clearly the genuine love for what he does. He asked my girls darling questions leading to adorable conversations and both were wide eyed and smiling ear to ear the whole time. He looked magical head to toe - We're believers
- Emily, 2013
We asked Santa to visit our manufacturing facility and invited our employees' kids. Everyone enjoyed seeing Santa. After he was done taking pictures with the kids he even walked around our facility to greet our employees. To be honest, they were more excited than the kids were!
-Cynthia O, 2013
We were thoroughly impressed with this Santa session at our family holiday party last year. We liked him so much we're having him back again this year to our family party! He was a pure delight with everyone! The kids loved his look, real beard and great Santa attire! He had awesome interaction with the entire group! He is great!
-Fred R, 2013
/This soft and breathable swaddle is made from 2 layers of GOTS certified organic muslin, with a sweet lace trim. As soft as a cloud and perfect for wrapping baby in, as muslin is lightweight and warm.
So versatile - use as a swaddle, nursing cover, burp cloth and more!
Size: 120cm x 120cm
Our GOTS certified muslin lives up to the high standards of the Global Organic Textile Standard. This accounts not only for the fabric but also for environmental protection, sustainability, and fair working conditions.
Our organic muslin has a lovely crinkle texture due to the weaving, and it will get softer and crinkle more with each wash. If you prefer it less crinkly you can gently iron it on a cool setting.
Babies should always be swaddled correctly. We advise following safe sleeping practices which can be found at plunket.org.nzGradually, that most of your customers are carrying with them 24/7! By these smart phones, you can reach out to your customers and keep in touch with them easily.
There are several vendors who are into customized designing. Hence, it is fruitful for them to build their own apps. By making your own app, you can have the facility of mobile marketing 24/7. Thus, mobile advertising proves to be of great use for the vendors.
From the research, it has been found that businessmen are seeing the future of mobile apps and are recognizing the value of having a mobile app for their business as they believe that it will surely help them in increasing brand visibility, customer loyalty, promotional ability and overall interaction with the customers.
There are certain reasons that induce a businessman to use mobile apps in his business. These reasons are mentioned below:
Reasons For Mobile Marketing
/>
1. By using mobile apps, it is possible to give customers turn by turn GPS directions from anywhere in the world in order to directly reach to your place of business.
2. It helps in creating a viral buzz with the social media that helps in connecting to Facebook, Twitter, and email.
3. It helps in building brand loyalty of the business by giving your customers coupons for checking in at your business. These coupons can be unlocked depending on your criteria which could be during certain hours or days or specific dates.
4. It enhances up to date information about all of your businesses events and specials and can even create a customized events calendar.
5. The mobile apps helps in keeping your customers informed about every activity related to your business by creating an Information tab or “About Us”.
6. It provides the customers with multiple ways to get in touch with you either through direct calling, GPS directions or via email.
9. The mobile apps provide a lifetime support to the business.
10. These mobile apps even provides with regular updates and improvements to your apps which enables you to use the latest of applications.
Thus, there are many reasons which attract the businessmen to introduce the mobile apps in their business as it serves them with a pot full of functions. Hence, more and more businessman is accepting the mobile apps as it is in the interest of their businessThe Labour Party stops paying for alcohol at party events
Party leader Jonas Gahr Støre says that the Labour Party will no longer pay for alcohol at the party’s meetings. The statement was made during the NRK program “The Debate”.
– I do not interfere with people drinking alcohol or not, but we will no longer pay for it, says Støre in “The Debate” Thursday evening.
He thinks this will be a clear signal.
– Alcohol is the elephant in the room. It removes boundaries and causes people to do things that they should not do, says Støre.
The rule will be implemented as of the country council meeting at the end of the month.
The former Deputy Leader Trond Giske has previously been open about that alcohol had been a contributing factor to his unwanted behaviour in social contexts.
© NTB Scanpix / Norway TodayDescription
This is one of a set of twelve inch patchwork blocks associated with Carolyn’s free skill-builder course “Skilful Skyful”.
The patterns, complete with detailed instructions. link to videos and photo tutorials, and are available as free downloads.
These can just be used to practice new techniques, made into bags or cushions or could be combined into a Sampler Quilt.
This two colour Evening Star block is quite easy, and is a good chance to learn a quick-piecing technique for making Flying Geese units.
If the large central square is made of dark, rather than light fabric, the block is known as Single Star instead.
If you enjoy doing this, you might like to move onto the more complex Dutchman’s Puzzle next, which also uses Flying Geese units.
The Simple Skyful samples were made with Makower fabrics, kindly provided by the company.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.
Catch me if you can, I'm the Ginger-bed kid! Okay, sorry, that's pretty bad... But this Full Full Bunk Bed really is the best, it's sweet! The Ginger Full Full Bunk speaks for itself; just think of the sheer kid capacity!
The Ginger Full Full Bunk Bed gives you all the comfort, style and quality you expect from a Night and Day Furniture product. Bunk Beds are notorious for cheap construction – but not ours! Our handsome Ginger Full Full Bunk maintains all our top construction and finishing standards, while remaining a great competitive value.Howard Hanson - Barber Sessions Ginastera mp3 flac
- Singer: Howard Hanson
- Album: Barber Sessions Ginastera
- MP3: 1662 mb | FLAC: 1358 mb
- Country: Netherlands
- Style: Modern
- Rating: 4.1/5
- Votes: 654
- Format: TTA DXD VOC XM WAV MP1 MIDI
On this page you can not listen to mp3 music free or download album or mp3 track to your PC, phone or tablet. All materials are provided for educational purposes. Released at: This album was released on the label Mercury (catalog number SRI 75049). Format of the release is. Vinyl, LP. Album.
Howard Hanson Conducting The Eastman-Rochester Orchestra.
On this page you can not listen to mp3 music free or download album or mp3 track to your PC, phone or tablet.
Howard Hanson Conducts Barber, Piston, Griffes & Others. Hanson Conducts McPhee: Tabuh-Tabuhan; Sessions: The Black Maskers; Thomson: Symphony on a Hymn Tune, The Feast of Love. While Dorati, and to a lesser extent Paray, recorded these lesser known works, Howard Hanson was their champion. Here Hanson performs some of the better known compositions by two leading 20th Century American composers, Samuel Barber and Morton Gould. These performances of "Medea Suite," "Spirituals," and "Fall River Legends" are truly without peers. Maybe that is why collectors prize these recordings, because they are a breath of fresh air in a homogenized world of listening.
Howard Hanson, Eastman-Rochester Orchestra - Bergsma: Gold and the Señor Commandante - Ballet Suite - 3. Elegant Dance. Howard Hanson conducts American Masterworks. Howard Hanson, Eastman-Rochester Orchestra - Mennin: Symphony N. - 1. Con sdegno. Howard Hanson, Eastman-Rochester Orchestra - Bergsma: Gold and the Señor Commandante - Ballet Suite - 5. Sinister Dance.
Is Просто такая сильная любовь the best song by Звери? BestEverAlbums. com brings together thousands of 'greatest ever album' charts and calculates an overall ranking. Просто такая сильная любовь appears on the following album(s) by Звери: Голод (this album) (2003). SRI 75049 - BARBER, SESSIONS, GINASTERA - Howard Hanson - Ex Con LP Record Condition: Used. Time left: 9s. Ships to: Worldwide.
Howard Hanson: Symphony No. 2 Op. 30 ''Romantic'', The Lament For Beowulf. Mercury Living Presence Label; Album cover has minor wear; Record appears new; Mono recording. LP. Howard Hanson Eastman-Rochester Symphony Orchestra. Roger Sessions - The Black Maskers; Alan Hovhaness - Prelude and Quadruple Fugue; Ronald Lo Presti - The Masks. Mercury Living Presence Record Label; Album cover and record look new; Includes the original inner liner sleeve; Mono recording.City Council memberrs Adam Levin and Deborah Rose (Getty, iStock, Twitter)
The City Council passed two bills that will expand young New Yorkers’ direct access to housing vouchers.
The measures passed Tuesday will qualify time spent in shelters or foster care to allow those eligible to bypass the requirement to go to adult facilities before they can apply for vouchers, The City reported.
One bill requires the city to count time spent in a youth homeless shelter towards rental assistance eligibility. The requirement will help the city’s youth homeless population avoid moving directly into adult shelters, which can be more dangerous for young people.
A similar bill requires the city to count time spent in foster care towards housing assistance eligibility, The City reported.
Both bills have the support of Mayor Bill de Blasio’s outgoing administration. He is expected to either sign the legislation or let them lapse into law.
The legislation fulfills a pledge the mayor made four years ago to end the practice of forcing youth into the adult shelter system before becoming eligible for housing assistance. The City reported earlier this year the mayor in 2019 quietly signed an agreement that propped up the current system.
Homeless youth are permitted to stay in shelters operated by the Department of Youth and Community Development until they turn 21. The City notes that many end up couch surfing or on the street after age out of eligibility and fear entering the adult shelter system.
Last year, only 1 percent of homeless youth who graduated from youth shelters moved directly into their own apartment, according to the DYCD.
“We’re one step closer to being treated as equals in the system, not looked down upon or as less than, and more so to hopefully a stable life, a stable future, a better life than what we’ve experienced,” said Liz Sutter, who was formerly homeless as a youth.
[The City] — Holden Walter-WarnerThe U.S. in World War II
Updated February 21, 2017 | Factmonster Staff
1939-45 (U.S. involved, 1941-46)
- U.S. troops engaged: 16,112,566
- American casualties: 291,557
- The U.S. joined the Allies (Britain, France, and the USSR) to fight the Axis Powers (Germany, Italy, and Japan) after the U.S. forces were attacked by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor in 1941.
- President Franklin Roosevelt ordered Japanese and Japanese-Americans in western U.S. to be exiled to ?relocation centers,? many for the remainder of the war.
- American troops clash with the Japanese in the Philippines and join with British troops in North Africa.
- An invasion of Italy forces that country to surrender and join the Allies in 1943.
- On June 4, 1944 the Allies launch the Normandy invasion on the beaches of northern France, commonly referred to as D-Day.
- Germany surrendered in 1945, and Japan surrendered later that same year, after the U.S. dropped the atomic bomb on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
- One of the most horrific chapters of the war was the Holocaust, the systematic annihilation of about 6 million Jews, as well as millions of others who did not conform to Nazi Germany?s racist ideals.
- This was the largest and most expensive war ever, as well as the most difficult to settle. The world remained politically unstable, major cities had been turned to rubble by bombings, and modern weapons combined with Germany's attempt to exterminate entire religious and ethnic groups brought death to millions of people.
See World War II for more details about the dates and events of this war.Louis Vuitton High Quality M44480 Fake Leather Zip Wallet Clémence
In Stock
5 VOTED
Reviews
Monogram canvas + real leather
come with: brand dust bag and Care booklet,box
Textile lining
Cowhide-leather trim
Matte-black hardware
Outside zipped pocket
Inside flat pocket
Strap:Not removable, adjustable
louis vuitton AAA+ m44478
louis vuitton Replica clutch box
louis vuitton UK mini soft trunk price
louis vuitton white soft trunk
>.Hi all I am a newbie running Slackware10.2 with KDE desktop. I am running the Guarddog firewall application which is a GUI front-end for iptables. My email provider (nerdshack.com) allows smtp on port 25 & 2525. My ISP has port 25 blocked but has 2525 open (after I requested them). I am not all that tech savvy when it comes to network & stuffs. I have no clue how to configure iptables; but using the Guarddog GUI I enabled smtp outgoing, which by default opens port 25. So (using the GUI) I made a custom protocol (base on my instincts) which is as follows Name: SMPT2 Type: TCP Port: 2525 and voa-la!! Things are working fine, I am able to send mail fine. So before I rush off to my friends to boast & babble about my immense talent in configuring firewalls blindly, without having to know anything about them :-)..... I would be very grateful if someone could kindly confirm if the procedure I followed is OK!! or have I opened some kind of a potential security hole??!! For example there was a choice of the "protocol type" TCP/UDP & under UDP there was a choice to make it (so called) "Bidirectional" (I did not have a clue as to what all these meant). Should this have been the actual protocol type?? Thanks in advance :-) Emon -- Gllug mailing list - Gllug at gllug.org.uk/> Days of Women's History
Ida B. Wells (1862 - 1931)
Amazing Stories about Women #1
Brave men do not gather by thousands to torture and murder a single individual, so gagged and bound he cannot make even feeble resistance or defense. - Ida B. Wells
/>One of America's most remarkable women is the first of our 31 and possibly one of the least spoken about when referring to the history of women. Ida B. Wells was born a slave on July 16, 1862, just compared to her $30.
She traveled the U.S. to fight the practice of lynching. One story that perhaps defines her stamina and courage begain on a train, on May 4th, 1884. The conductor of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad Company ordered her to give up her seat to a white man.
“I refused, saying that the forward car……” He…and another man succeeded in dragging me out," Wells later recounted.
Following the event, she hired an African American attorney to sue the railroad using the federal Civil Rights Act of 1875, “which banned racial discrimination in public accommodations,” and immediately, which reversed the monetary award and ordered.Organize & Manage Side Projects
Upvote Bell is the project management platform for Makers
which launched their projects on Product Hunt
Projects statistics
Get more from your Product Hunt launch. Receive realtime notifications about new upvotes and comments. See who and when upvoted your project
Manage projects
A simple task manager for your projects. Work with teamates together, just login with your Product Hunt account. All your co-makers will be in your team.
Notes
Manage all your important notes for projects in one place such as launch texts, project update or something else. You can create a personal, team or public notes.
Hunters leaderboard
Find the right hunter for your next project from over than 500 hunters
grouped by category, projects, upvotes count etc...
Check hunter profile to get more information about their latest lauches
and projects statistics.
Manage all your side projects in one place
With Upvote Bell you can easily manage your side projects
track their activity on Product Hunt, work with your teammates in one placeCleaning speakers can involve anything from a quick dust-down to a full wash. But however serious you want to get about it, the prep work is the same. First, find two high-quality microfibre cloths. Second, fetch a can of compressed air. Third, make sure you remove any jewellery that could cause scratches.
The Six Step Guide
Here’s your cut-out-and-keep quick-reference guide:
- Take off your jewellery
- Blow your speakers down with compressed air
- Two microfibre cloths: one wet and wrung-out, and one dry
- Use the wrung-out cloth to wipe down the entire cabinet with long, gentle strokes
- Repeat it with the dry one
- Don’t touch the tweeter!
To guide us through each step, we have talked to Allan Kristiansen and John Christensen from our production department.
The first step is to blow down the entire cabinet with the compressed air to gently remove any small particles that might have found their way onto the cabinet:
“Unfortunately, it’s easier than you think to create scrapes in the lacquer: gritty particles and even flower petals can blemish the cabinet. But blowing these things away before you start wiping down really helps avoid accidental damage,” John explains.
Next, you need your cloths: soak one of them in lukewarm water and wring it out well, and leave the other dry. Make sure there aren’t any folds or stitching in the part of the cloth you’re wiping with.
Now, with your well-wrung, well-folded microfibre cloth, start wiping down the entire speaker with long, gentle strokes. Everything except the tweeter; do not touch the tweeter!
Then repeat that with the dry microfibre cloth – still using long, gentle strokes, making sure to get every inch of the cabinet.
Leave the Buffing Tools in the Shed
Going over your speakers like this might reveal a scratch or two. What do you do then? While it might be tempting to find some car polish and get out your buffing tools, we strongly recommend that you take a deep breath… and then just don’t do it.
“The lacquer is delicate, and without knowing the exact chemical composition of the polish, it’s tough to predict how it’ll affect the lacquer. In most cases, you’ll end up doing some damage,” says Allan.
“I recommend talking to your local dealer or contacting our support team: bring or send a detailed description of the scratch, with well-lit pictures, and tell them what finish you own (colour, high-gloss, satin, etc). Together we might find a solution, but it really depends on the severity of damage,” he adds.About this book
My library
Books on Google Play
but, the English Government having heard of them, the publication was stopped, and they were sent back to London in a brown paper parcel, which was thrown aside in the State Paper Office.
This was in 1677 ; but in the previous year, 1676, a London bookseller, who had somehow obtained imperfect copies of the Latin State Letters, had published a surreptitious edition of them, entitled Literæ Pseudo-Senatus Anglicani, necnon Cromwelli, nomine et jussu Conscripta. A better edition was printed at Leipsic in 1690, and Phillips's English translation appeared in 1694. Quite different from these Milton State Letters, though sometimes called The Milton Papers, is a thin folio edited in 1743 by John Nickolls, and consisting of Letters and Addresses to Cromwell, and other intimate Cromwellian documents, from 1650 onwards, which had somehow been in Milton's keeping, and which were afterwards in possession of the Quaker Ellwood. Finally, in 1823, attention having been at last called to the brown paper parcel that had been lying in the State Paper Office since 1677, Milton's long lost treatise De Doctrinâ Christiana, part of the contents of the parcel, was published, in 1825, by Dr. Sumner, afterwards Bishop of Winchester, with the addition of an English translation in the same year.
It is from this Treatise of Christian Doctrine that Milton's theological and philosophical opinions at the close of his life, so far as they could be expressed in formal and systematic language, are to be most authentically learnt. The treatise shows him to have been an Anti-Trinitarian, in his later years at least, holding views as to the nature of Christ which were substantially those of high Arianism, as distinct from the lower Socinianism. It shows him also to have been, on the whole, Arminian and Anti-Calvinistic in his views of Free Will and Predestination. It contains, moreover, a very curious doctrine on the subject of Matter and Spirit, Soul and Body, which it is difficult to define otherwise than by calling it Materialistic Pantheism, or Pantheistic Materialism. While Deity himself is represented as One Infinite Spirit, and so Milton starts in his philosophical system with a pure Spiritualistic Theism, yet all that we call Matter or Creation, he avers, including angels and men, the animate and the inanimate, is originally a production or efflux out of the very substance of
God, separated from Him only in so far as He has implanted independence and free will into parts of it. Hence the ordinary distinction between soul and body in man is repudiated by Milton. Soul and body, he holds, are one and inseparable ; Man is a body-soul or a soul-body, and is propagated as such from father to son. From this proposition it is one of his deductions that soul and body die together, or, in other words, that there is a total cessation or suspension of personal consciousness between Death and the Resurrection. In such a future Resurrection, or sudden and miraculous reawakening to life of all that have lived and died in the world, Milton declares himself a profound believer. He connects his hope thereof with the Millenarian doctrine of Christ's second coming and of a consequent day of universal judgment, a conflagration or destruction otherwise of the present cosmos, and the succession of a new and grander system of things, in which the perfectly glorified saints and the wicked shall have their several eternal portions, the wicked in some hell, and the saints in the empyrean heaven, or in some new heavens and earth created for them. All this and much more he professes to have derived from the Bible, which he declares again and again to be the sole external rule of Christian faith, to be studied and interpreted by every man for himself, and with texts from which, in masses and coagulations, his treatise is full from first to last. From the same authority he professes to have derived the system of ethics and of church policy which his treatise propounds. He regards the Decalogue as abolished with the rest of the Mosaic Law, and continued literal adhesion to it as inconsistent with true Christian liberty. Hence he is an anti-Sabbatarian, finding no authority for the substitution of the first day of the week for the Jewish Sabbath, and no higher reason for the observance of that day than Christian consent and general convenience. His views of Church discipline are those of Independency or Congregationalism, with a marked tendency to absolute Individualism, or to a kind of Quakerism in some things; and he goes with the Baptists or Anti-Pædobaptists in their particular tenet. He dissents positively from the Quakers in their extreme doctrine of peace or passivity, and in other matters, holding war to be often lawful, resistance by arms to tyranny to be lawful, and finding Scripture warrant also for prayers for rses and
calamities upon bad men and enemies. Perhaps the part of the treatise that most shocks modern opinion is that where, not content with repeating his old doctrine of the lawfulness of divorce in cases of mutual incompatibility, he inserts a defence or justification of polygamy. But the treatise gener. ally, it will be seen, contains not a few heterodoxies.
THE MINOR POEMSGet access to the exclusive world of our global community.
Success! Please check your email for a link to reset your password.
Cotton blend sweatpants with side tape
Product ID: J00077KYARZ
For technical reasons, your request could not be handled properly at this time. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart?Listen to the podcast:Listen to the podcast:
In the midst of one of the worst New Year kick-offs ever for U.S. stock markets, some analysts are finding a silver lining in the dark clouds. Equity investors may be seeing a historical opportunity to pick up bargains, so long as they are prepared to plan out three to five years, according to Wharton finance professor Jeremy Siegel. He added that it would not take much to stabilize things – for example, oil bouncing back to around $40 per barrel and any reports suggesting that China is regaining its footing.
The core of Siegel’s relative optimism today rests on his belief that the U.S. will not see a recession this year, that interest rates will remain low and that, contrary to many analysts’ reports, the Federal Reserve still has many bullets in its holster to stimulate the economy. The Fed could lower key rates, switch to negative deposit rates as Europe has, or reintroduce liquidity injections via quantitative easing (QE), as the European Central Bank suggested it might on Thursday. Siegel made his comments on a special “Market Madness” show on Wharton Business Radio on SiriusXM channel 111. (Listen to the podcast at the top of this page.) Joining Siegel on the show was Jeremy Schwartz, research director at WisdomTree.
Siegel noted that average dividends in the U.S. are at 2.3% while 10-year government securities are yielding just 2%. There have not been many times since World War II that average dividends were above government bond yields in this way, and he does not expect government bond yields to rise any time soon. Siegel added that there was a “corporate earnings recession in 2015,” yet dividends rose 10% and corporations have more than enough cash on hand to continue those strong dividends payouts or even to increase them — “they are paying out only one-third of earnings in dividends” at present, he noted.
“There is a great opportunity for growth in the dividend area,” Siegel noted. Going back to the 1970s, the goal was not always just to get capital gains from stocks, but also to get dividend income. “I think that era may be coming back,” he said.
“It’s a crap shoot” to try to predict where markets are going in the short term, but in the longer term, today’s stock prices represent a buying opportunity, Siegel suggested.
(In a recent Knowledge@Wharton interview Siegel also said it was possible for the Dow Jones average to hit 19,000 in 2016.)
Join The Discussion2017 State of the City Address Delivered Monday, April 24, 2017 CGI Communications, Inc., 130 E. Main St. Thank you…thank you all for that warm reception. Wow! It’s been almost four years! I’m so excited to join you all here this evening to talk about the progress that we have made by working together here in the City of Rochester. Thank you to my friends and colleagues on City Council, under the leadership of Council President Loretta Scott. I’m grateful for your partnership as we chart our city’s course together. And thank you to Cheryl Dinolfo, our County Executive for being a great partner. And to all of the elected officials, members of my administration and other dignitaries who were introduced by our new Deputy Mayor, Cedric Alexander. Let’s give a warm Rochester welcome to Dr. Alexander on his first day back at work on behalf of the citizens of Rochester. I look forward to the great things we’re going to do together! I also want to take this moment to thank Carlos Carballada for stepping in to help lead the team as Deputy Mayor. Key to the City At this time, I’d like to ask Carlos to please come up and join me on the stage. Carlos, you already have the key to our hearts. Here is a small token of our appreciation for all that you have done for the City of Rochester…A Key to the City… In recognition of your commitment to the City of Rochester, along with your business acumen, friendly temperament and customer service focus, you have greatly enhanced the day-to-day operations at City Hall. You are a steady leader…a wise counselor…and most importantly, a strong advocate for our “customers” - the citizens of Rochester. Please join me in giving a big round of applause for Carlos Carballada! Thank you. And of course, I’m also thankful for the support and energy I get from my husband Tim and my daughter Taylor and my family. Thank you all for putting up with the demands of my job and for supporting me. I also want to thank Bob, and his team here at CGI, for hosting us. Most importantly, I want to thank him for locating his business in Downtown Rochester and investing his time, energy and treasure in our Center City. CGI, like many other businesses, could locate anywhere in the country - but Bob chose Rochester and we’re grateful for that. Thank you to Reverend Simmons and Pastor Hernandez for such inspirational and heartfelt invocations. We owe a great debt of gratitude to all of Rochester’s clergy. Many of whom are here this evening. And I want to particularly thank Pastor Hernandez and Rabbi Kilimnic, who have served the faith needs of our community and now will enjoy a well-earned retirement. Please join me in thanking our clergy. I would also like to thank our young students from the ROC Music Collaborative and from East High for those wonderful and powerful performances. The ROC Music program started at the Gantt R-Center under the leadership of Dr. Alexander Pena and now we have young people from all over our city learning classical music. This year they played with the RPO and world renowned classical artist Yo-Yo-Ma. We’re so very proud of all them. I also want to thank Superintendent Shaun Nelms, his team at East and the University of Rochester. This year in partnership with Aaron and Kelly Metras of Selena’s Mexican Restaurant, they opened up the Rochester Youth Culinary Experience at Village Gate. This working restaurant gives students hands-on experience running a business. Mrs. Davis’ sixth grade class recruited me to join them in the fight against hunger. I join them in wearing these blue bands for UNICEF. Together we are counting our steps on a mission to send food packets to starving children. And, of course their choir did a phenomenal job singing the song “Powerful.” This performance reminds us that young people are powerful and they do have a voice - a voice that must be heard. Let’s give these students a round of applause. And, Mayor Johnson, I want to thank you for that kind introduction and for being a mentor and a guide to me along this journey. I’m not sure if you know the impact that you’ve had on my life and that of my family’s. A Mayor must be present in the community In 1997, my grandparents, Cecil and Margaret McClary, celebrated their Golden Anniversary. Mayor Johnson, you came and presented them with a Proclamation and declared it their special day in the City of Rochester. Until the day he died, my grandfather talked about that day…how he appreciated you taking the time out of your schedule to come and present them with a Mayoral Proclamation. It was then that I learned that a Mayor must be present in the community - you must be willing to give selflessly, to have compassion and recognize others. Mayor Johnson, your compassion and love for our neighborhoods…and the people of Rochester…was evident throughout your tenure. And we see the benefits from your leadership today in neighborhoods like the South Wedge and the 19th Ward. I want to thank all of my predecessors, including Bob Duffy, who is now President and CEO of the Chamber of Commerce who joins us here tonight; as well as Tom Richards, for their willingness to serve and continue to serve, the wonderful people of Rochester. Most of all, I want to thank you, the people, for believing in Rochester. We are working together. And together, we are reigniting our City. We have lit the flame of hope. The flame of promise. The flame that allows all of our citizens to realize the American dream. I’m proud of the progress that we’ve made -- and the progress that we will continue to make. Four years ago, I stood before you and I asked you to believe in our future. I asked you to believe that our city’s future is as bright as our past … … to believe that with the right leadership, the right vision, that we would bring jobs, make our neighborhoods safer and give our children a fighting chance at life by creating better educational opportunities. I asked you to believe that we could do both. That we could do it all. That we could invest in our neighborhoods and invest in our Downtown -- and we can invest in our people. Well, I’m here to tell you that we are getting it done. We are on the right track. And, that’s why we are all here tonight. To talk about the many opportunities we have and are creating for our citizens and their families. And we’re doing it…together. As you look around, you can literally see the progress and the promise that is taking shape right here on Main Street. From this vantage point it’s obvious - because it’s right here before our eyes. But I’m here to tell you, the flame of progress you see on Main Street is taking shape all over our city. We’re here in a building that was recently acquired by CGI. With almost 300 employees – an increase from 37 when they moved to Downtown in 2005 – CGI is one of Rochester’s fastest growing companies. Bob isn’t just investing in his business here. He’s opening a vintage car museum in this space, which will promote tourism - and that creates jobs, helping our restaurants and our hotels thrive. Behind me, you can see more signs of our city’s progress as the $18.5 million dollar renovation of the Hyatt Regency Hotel continues. We worked with developers Dave Christa and Bob Morgan to transform this iconic hotel into a Downtown destination. The makeover of the Hyatt will bring the first Starbucks to Downtown Rochester. And by year’s end, we will welcome Morton’s National Steakhouse. Now that’s progress! That’s jobs. That’s opportunity. Our Main Street won’t just be the home to great companies…but it is…and will be home to businesses, fine-dining and entertainment venues that will keep people Downtown well after 5 o’clock and open our Center City. Tower 280, Windstream, the Sibley Building, the Metropolitan, 88 Elm Street, the Democrat and Chronicle, the Alliance Building and the Hilton Garden Inn are all at the core of our City’s progress…and they’re helping us reignite our Main Street. And literally, starting today, we will finally transform our Main Street and bring much-needed on-street parking, bike lanes and more pedestrian-friendly walkways to Downtown Rochester. Golisano Center for the Performing Arts The Downtown you see today will not be the same Downtown you see a year from now. From street improvements to businesses to welcoming the Golisano Center for the Performing Arts and Midtown Tower to Parcel Five. When it’s complete, about 800 jobs will be created between construction and permanent jobs for the performing arts center, retail and restaurants. I want to thank Tom Golisano and Bob Morgan and the Rochester Broadway Theatre League for making this project possible. You know, our Downtown is really a collection of neighborhoods and business districts with distinct personalities and unique opportunities. A good example of this can be found at the Inner Loop. Home Leasing has already built Charlotte Square; the first new housing development here. And soon, we’ll be moving forward with other developments to connect the East End to the Neighborhood of the Arts. We’re going to expand the Strong Museum of Play… …build a new family friendly hotel with a water-play feature … …more housing, retail and office space … …and more green space to further enhance the beauty of our city. In place of the concrete moat that generated no revenue and no economic activity, we’re seeing this area catch fire, building off the great investment of Glenn Kellogg at Hart’s Local Grocer and the Arbor Lofts event space. The success of this project has already gained national attention. The New York Times highlighted it last fall. And the Atlantic Magazine’s Citylab said: “If any city is going to break the stranglehold that mid-century transportation planning still has on so many American cities, it might just be Rochester.” The flame is burning brightly in Downtown. And employers recognize the potential of our Center City. Creating and Retaining Jobs Companies like Datto, Five Star Bank, M&T Bank, Bergmann Associates, Branca Restaurant, Liu Engineers, CGI, Key Bank, ESL, High Tech Rochester and others have all reignited Downtown with new jobs and new opportunities. Please join me in giving a round of applause to show our appreciation for all of the developers, businesses and people who are investing in our city…lighting up our skyline and demonstrating their confidence in Downtown Rochester. And this growth isn’t just limited to Downtown. In the last three years, working together, we have created or retained more than thirty-thousand jobs across the entire city, ensuring that the flame of our city is burning even brighter. Unemployment in Rochester has gone from 9 percent to 6 percent. Downtown is the place of work for almost 50,000 people, making it the largest employment center in our nine-county region. But thousands more people are working all across our city in our neighborhoods. And those job centers are just as important as Downtown. Neighborhoods: The Lifeblood of the Community Our neighborhoods are the lifeblood of our community. So when I visit our commercial corridors along the streets and avenues, I see thriving centers of commerce and employment. Thus, we’re paying closer attention to our commercial corridors. Our business development team and street managers seek every opportunity to support our business owners. And that’s why the occupancy rate for our business districts has increased from 54 percent to more than 70 percent in the last three years. In fact, I was honored to receive the 2017 Partner America Small Business Advocate Award from the U.S. Conference of Mayors because we support our businesses here in Rochester and they are growing. That honor really belongs to our many small business owners, whose work makes our neighborhoods more vibrant. By investing in our people, our businesses and the public infrastructure in our neighborhoods…from Bulls Head to Beechwood, from Edgerton to East Avenue…we are bringing vitality to every corner of our city. In Northeast Rochester, we’re about to finish an over $10 million dollar expansion of the Rochester Public Market. This investment is going to add more than 60 new vending spots to the Market that will lead to job creation. And for the first time in more than three decades, we broke ground on a new housing development on Hudson Avenue. Upper Falls Square Apartments, a $50 million dollar affordable housing complex, being spearheaded by Depaul Properties and Christa Construction will transform 3.2 acres of vacant land. I want to thank Delaine Cook-Greene of CONEA…the Coalition of Northeast Associations. Because of her leadership and stewardship, development is now taking place on Hudson Avenue. This includes the expansion of PUC Charter School; new housing; and the relocation of the House of Mercy. That’s right! A new home for our most vulnerable citizens. By working with Dick Crossed, Conifer Realty, Assemblyman David Gantt, the State of New York, Sister Grace Miller and Ed Hourihan, the new House of Mercy opened in March, becoming our city’s first, state-of-the-art, low-barrier shelter for our most difficult to place homeless. Thank you all for not giving up on this community. Please join me in giving Ms. Greene, Sister Grace and the teams that worked on these projects a big round of applause. And we also need to recognize the Rochester Fire Fighter’s Union for building their new Union Hall on Hudson Avenue. Our firefighters, led by Chief John Schreiber, are the best in the country, bar none! They’re our first responders, the men and women who risk their lives - and save lives every day. I can’t thank them enough for their tremendous commitment to Rochester; a commitment that extends above and beyond the call of duty. And on St. Paul, the Genesee Brewery is expanding and will add an additional 128 new jobs – half of which will go to economically challenged residents from our city. This business almost closed its doors, but with the City’s help, it is now thriving. Now moving to the Southeast, in the EMMA and Beechwood neighborhoods we’re upgrading our housing stock in partnership with PathStone, Action for a Better Community and Northeast Area Development. Together, we are investing more than $1.5 million dollars to help homeowners renovate their homes. And this investment is going to complement the construction of a much-needed affordable and market-rate housing complex by Connected Communities in partnership with Home Leasing and Hillside. It’s been more than 50 years since we’ve built new housing along that stretch of East Main Street. I’m grateful for the public-private partnership that is making it possible. And I am elated that it will bear the name of the Warfield family. Vernice Warfield has lived in this neighborhood for 65 years – and she still lives there at the ripe old age of 102. Her son Thomas is here tonight. Thomas, please give your mom our best. In the Northwest, we completed the Ridgeway Avenue road reconstruction project, and we’re about to start on the re-alignment of Dewey Avenue and Driving Park. We’ve built 105 new homes in the Josana Neighborhood and we’re moving forward with phase two of that development to add 46 more homes. I want to thank Cornerstone Housing and the Josana neighbors for their continued support of these projects. And, this summer the Campbell Street R-Center is going to get a long-awaited upgrade that will bring new life to that neighborhood. We’re going to install a spray park and open this center to the community by tearing down dilapidated structures and installing new lighting. A Port of Opportunity In Charlotte, the new Marina is complete and slips have been sold. In fact, the Marina is outperforming our expectations and everyone can see that it is a “Port of Opportunity.” We have a very involved neighborhood and business association in Charlotte, and new people are at the table. We’re going to make sure those voices are heard and that’s why we have partnered with the Center for Design to hold a charrette for this area to make it a year round destination. And thanks to the help of Governor Cuomo, Bob Duffy and our state delegation, Eastman Business Park is now the development hub and headquarters of the American Institute for Manufacturing Integrated Photonics, which will re-ignite that part of the city, bringing exciting next-generation job creators to our region, making us truly the Photonics Capital of the World. In the Southwest, we’re leveraging the value of the Genesee River waterfront. Much of the Corn Hill neighborhood has finally been taken out of the flood plain because we’re using state funds to make long-needed repairs to the west river wall. This is going to give homeowners a welcome reprieve on their insurance bills. And we’re cleaning up the Vacuum Oil site where DHD Ventures plans to build a new housing development that will be the pride of the Genesee. In Bulls Head, we are setting the stage for revitalization by land banking properties and tearing down vacant structures that have been a source of blight in this community for far too long. And we’re bringing long overdue investment to Genesee Valley Park. We re-surfaced the tennis courts last year and this year, we’re going to upgrade the play apparatus and community room. And, in the South Wedge, we’ve finally brought on the LED lights that the business community has been waiting for. And in our quest to create jobs for residents all across the city, we’re excited to welcome ride-sharing services such as Lyft and Uber this summer. Ridesharing is going to create opportunities for drivers and riders - and it’s going to make our streets safer reducing the number of drunk drivers. But we also recognize that our citizens with disabilities have concerns about accessibility. That’s why we’re proud to work together with the Center for Disability Rights. Stephanie Woodward from the Center is here tonight. Please join me in thanking her for her continued advocacy. And our bike-share program got a boost last week when we learned our application for nearly $3 million dollars in state and federal grants was approved. This money is going to fund Shared Mobility Programs, including bike-share, and create more walkable, bike-able streets. You can expect to see our first new Zagster bike-sharing stations open this summer. Walkable, Bikeble Streets I also want to thank Mike Governale and the people at Re-Connect Rochester for working with us to make our streets more bicycle and pedestrian friendly. Now, even though we can see the flames of hope and promise brightly burning in Downtown and in our neighborhoods, we know there are still those among us who are struggling to make ends meet. That’s why I created a Research and Development Department in City Hall…the Office of Innovation and Strategic Initiatives. Three years ago, I charged them with the task of finding fresh, new ideas to create pathways to prosperity. And this group of Rochester’s finest young professionals immersed themselves in the roots of Rochester’s troubling and persistent challenges. And they came up with some innovative and progressive solutions. Solutions like Van Pool; Kiva crowdfunding; and our new Market Driven Community Co-op. The V-Ride Van Pool gives people in our community an opportunity to share a ride to work. These vans are currently going to the del Lago Casino in Waterloo and the Pactiv manufacturing plant in Canandaigua. Kiva is a national crowdfunding platform that gives micro-business owners a chance to take their businesses from dreams to reality with access to zero-interest loans. In just over six months, Rochester’s Kiva program has already facilitated about two dozen loans totaling more than $130,000 dollars to Rochester’s micro business owners. I’ve even made a few loans myself. And when I visited these businesses, I met people like Zaaqi Johnson, owner and operator of Zoc’s Gourmet Burgers and Shakes. He’s now employing people in his restaurant, located in the same neighborhood where he grew up. And people like Isse Abukar who used his KIVA loan to start his own cleaning business. Isse came to Rochester as a refugee to escape a civil war that divided his home country of Somalia. Now he’s here with a new lease on life, taking care of his family by growing his own business and living the American dream of promise. Ladies and gentlemen, Isse and Zaaqi are here with us tonight. Please join me in congratulating them for not letting their flame of hope burn out, and for holding firm to the American dream! We’re not just focused on making people employees here in Rochester. We are focused on making them employers, and KIVA is allowing us to do just that. And earlier this month, we launched ENEROC, a Market Driven Community Co-op business. Modeled after the Evergreen Cooperative in Cleveland, our Community Co-op creates jobs for our residents by partnering with our city’s largest employers and institutions – like our hospitals and universities. ENEROC will partner with prime contractor Lumalon and install LED lighting and solar panels for local institutions, beginning with Rochester General Hospital. We’re thankful to its board of directors, our anchor institutions and our foundations for their support. Our market driven community co-op program could not have been successful without the help of people like Dr. Eric Bieber and Dr. Mike Waller of Rochester Regional Health, along with Gary Rogers and Christine Whitman who led the team in hiring our first business manager, Doug Caswell. Let’s give them and the first employees of ENEROC a round of applause. ENEROC also provides a great example of an exciting new trend in our job-creating efforts: the ability to create jobs by making Rochester a cleaner, greener, more sustainable city. And it’s not the only example. Our Department of Environmental Services is working with a host of community partners, including the People’s Climate Coalition; Dr. Susan Spencer; and other governmental agencies, like the State Department of Environmental Conservation and the U.S. EPA. Sustainable Rochester By working together, we are creating a sustainable Rochester … … by reducing our carbon footprint, completing our single stream recycling rollout, installing energy efficient lighting, and constructing our very own solar farm at the old Emerson Street Landfill. And we are creating jobs while we do it. This year, DES partnered with Operation Transformation Rochester and the EPA to launch the Rochester Environmental Job Training Program to help our residents gain the skills to work in this growing industry. And as we award government contracts worth millions of dollars to remove brownfields and other hazardous-waste sites from our neighborhoods, we’re going to make sure the citizens of our neighborhoods are among the workers getting paid on those contracts! And we’re moving forward with other innovative solutions to help our citizens enter the workforce. By partnering with community based organizations like NEAD, Baden Street, Abundant Life and CEO, we hired people to clean up our commercial corridors. And we’re working with businesses like TruForm Manufacturing and other governmental and community partners to put people to work through the Young Adult Manufacturing Training Employment Program -- or YAMTEP. People like Jermel Board, who was featured in our opening video, and Malik Jenkins are taking advantage of the city of Rochester’s job training programs. Malik has a powerful story, he grew up in foster care and joined the OTR program, where he found a mentor in City employee Paul. While in our program, he obtained his high school diploma, secured his own housing and a job as a security guard. But Malik didn’t stop there. He is now in our Re-Job program, where he will receive licenses in construction and we hear that he aced his job interview, so he will begin his new career in environmental construction next month. Please, let’s have a round of applause for all of our program participants and the staff who work in these programs. They are truly making a difference. And I have no doubt our efforts to create a sustainable Rochester are a leading reason why our city is becoming so attractive to the millennial generation. Friends, I’m here to tell you that we have finally stopped the “Brain Drain.” The millennial population in Rochester grew by almost 9 percent, which outpaced the national average of 6 percent…and in fact…we had the highest rate of millennial growth of any upstate city. That’s a far cry from the gloom and doom some people are trying to sell you. I’m here to tell you, they’re wrong! You know, I’m a little too old to be considered a millennial, but believe me, their voices are heard all over City Hall. From our robust College Fellowship Program, to the Office of Innovation, to my Chief of Staff Alex Yudelson and in every department across our city, we believe in harnessing our young people’s talents…not just listening to their ideas but implementing them. We’re thankful to the Rochester Young Professionals and the Urban League’s Black Young Professionals for their willingness to work with us. Let’s not allow cynicism to blow out their flame. As you can see, our community is changing. And it is important that the government changes with it. Finding New Better Ways to Serve Customers That’s why we’re so happy to have been one of four cities selected to participate in the National League of Cities’ Rose Fellowship Program; and to work with Novak and SCI Consulting, to help us identify new and better ways to serve our citizens and customers. This year, our bond rating upgraded by two Wall Street rating agencies…which not only saves our taxpayers money on interest payments, but validates the excellent job we’re doing. I am thankful to our state and local leaders for fighting for Rochester and our region. By working together, our city government has received more than $75 million in additional funding over the last three years. I am also proud to join leaders from our region on the Finger Lakes Regional Economic Development Council. Under the leadership of Danny Wegman and Dr. Anne Kress, we have been awarded $141 million dollars in CFA funding and won the top prize of $500 million dollars for the Upstate Revitalization Initiative. The flame that we lit in Rochester is now spreading throughout our nine-county region. And, we’re leading the way in opening our government to the people and making it more transparent. We launched a new online FOIL system…with a local company called General Code. It’s always nice when you can keep government dollars in the local economy. And we’re improving service delivery at our Neighborhood Service Centers by making our business permit process more customer friendly and bringing much-needed reform to our nuisance point system. And this year, we will separate the Bureau of Planning and Zoning to create separate bureaus, so we can do a better job of planning for our city’s future. Our employees in our Neighborhood and Business Development department are working alongside our community to create jobs and drive investments in our neighborhoods. And as we make those investments, we are making our neighborhoods safer. Making Neighborhoods Safer I’ve said it time and time again…we can’t legislate morality, but we can and we are making the systematic changes to improve public safety. And we know government can’t do it alone. That’s why our Police Department is working together with our neighbors to make our neighborhoods safer. And they’re getting results. The most serious crimes in Rochester are at a 30 year low! And shootings last year went down more than 22 percent. That was a point of focus last year and I am thankful for our success. But our work isn’t done. I’m proud to say, under the leadership of Chief Michael Ciminelli, the Rochester Police Department is holding people accountable who operate outside of department protocols and working with the community like never before. In the last three years, we re-organized our police department to bring back true community policing. And now we’re moving to the next phase, identifying neighborhood section offices. We introduced body worn cameras, which allows us to increase transparency…and accountability. We created the RPD Open Data Portal on our website, which gives citizens access to an unprecedented amount of police-related information. We created the Blueprint for Engagement…and in fact, in the last three years, the Chief and his team have held more than 3,000 meetings with members of the public. And we worked with our partners in the 7th Judicial District, the District Attorney and the Public Defender, to start a gun-trial part at the Hall of Justice…the first of its kind in the country…a court that focuses on people who carry illegal guns. Let’s give a round of applause for our Chief and the brave men and women of Rochester Police Department and our citizens who work with them. They all deserve credit for these historically low crime numbers. However, reducing crime takes the entire community, we must recognize that there are many issues and we can’t arrest our way out of them. True community policing takes partnership, leadership and opportunity. For example, last summer when we had our Clergy on Patrol walk on North Clinton Avenue, we walked with Miguel Melendez of IBERO and Officer Eric. They showed us the devastating effect the nation’s heroin epidemic is having on this neighborhood. He told us stories about people like Ida (EE-duh) Perez, who was featured in our opening video. She inherited her parents’ home on Scrantom Street…she and her neighbors would wake up in the morning and find used heroin needles. They had been working with the Police Department to combat drug sales in the area. But we all knew that we had to do more. So we came up with an innovative approach to help the neighbors take back their community. We deployed our DES crews to the area in a way we had never done before. We opened up sight lines and removed hiding places for drug sales by cutting away vines and weeds and installing brighter LED lighting. We worked with local businesses to remove fencing that was blocking views. We cut off hidden shortcuts that had become pathways for drug dealers. And the Police Department stepped up its presence to make arrests and deter sales. And we found that most of the people that were using this neighborhood as their personal shooting gallery were not from the City of Rochester; that in fact, they were from places like Medina, Clifton Springs…and even as far away as Niagara Falls. I know personally the effects that drug use can have on a family. But this detail showed me the effects that it can have on a neighborhood…on entire communities. Communities across our country are dealing with these same challenges. But even with this effort, we knew we needed to do more. So I convened a task force that includes members of the healthcare community, the Monroe County Health Department and area treatment experts to look at creating a safe sober site. And I want to thank the County Executive for allowing the health department to be a part of this effort. And we are grateful that in this year’s budget, Governor Cuomo and our state legislators allocated money towards combating this heroin epidemic. We are not going to give up on this neighborhood. We will continue to work in partnership to help all of our residents. Miguel and Ida are here tonight, let’s give them a round of applause and thank them for carrying the torch for their neighborhood. Improving Educational Opportunities And of course, the best way to create more jobs and safer more vibrant neighborhoods is to improve educational opportunities. Frederick Douglass said: “Once you learn to read, you will be forever free.” Many of you know how much of an influence my grandparents and family have had on my life and how their experiences have shaped me into being the leader I am today. In the 1960s, my grandparents moved to Rochester from the Jim Crow south to find a better future for their children. And, I often talk about my grandfather Cecil; but tonight I want to share a story about my grandmother, Margaret. A woman who was quiet and precious. She would always tell me to “do the right thing, even when you have to stand by yourself…you do the right thing.” When she came to Rochester, the only job that she could get was cleaning rooms at Strong Memorial Hospital. She and my grandfather struggled. But they worked hard because they knew that their sacrifice would give their children’s children access to a proper education, and a different path. I would often look at my grandmother’s hands; the hands that picked cotton; the hands cut tobacco; the hands of a sharecropper; the hands that cleaned toilets. Hands that were strong but fragile. She and my grandfather made the sacrifices so that we could … so that I could… so that my cousins could… hold firm to the promise of a better tomorrow. And today, in 2017, the rooms my grandmother cleaned at Strong Memorial Hospital are now being visited by my little cousin Caleb McClary, a Lieutenant in the United States Air Force. He is finishing his first year as a medical student at the University of Rochester and my “not so little” cousin Caleb is here tonight. Caleb, I want you to know that our grandparents are looking down on you and we are all so very proud of you. But our family’s history and story isn’t unique. Across our city, other families are building upon the sacrifices of the people that came before them. I want every child in our city to know that they can…and should…dare to dream. We have to continue to work together to remove the barriers that hinder our children from believing that they can achieve their dream. I am happy to join with Governor Cuomo, Majority Leader Morelle, Assemblymen Gantt and Bronson, Senators Robach and Funke and all of our state representatives, the Finger Lakes Regional Economic Development Council, the Rochester-Monroe Anti-Poverty Initiative and others as we work to build pathways to prosperity and help fulfill Rochester’s promise…and ignite the flame of tomorrow. It is why I was proud to co-chair the Youth, Education and Families Committee of the National League of Cities to lead cities around the country in a discussion on childhood trauma and its long-term effects. It’s why I was happy to partner with GRO Rochester to screen our 2- and 3-year-olds for developmental delays. Research shows that we can reverse some delays with early intervention. And, already, more than eleven hundred children have been screened and they are getting the help they need. It is also why I was proud of my three-to-three initiative where we joined forces with community partners and lobbied the state for additional funding for Pre-K programs. And as a result, Pre-K enrollment in Rochester has increased by twelve hundred percent. And we are not giving up on our older students. Programs like P-Tech, Hillside Work Scholarship and Pathways to Public Safety Careers are helping us find innovative solutions to educating our children. In fact, the City’s Pathways to Public Safety Career program has a graduation rate of almost 90 percent. And, in the past three years, our R-Centers have expanded educational programming in the STEM and arts fields. And, we’re partnering with the School District to improve data sharing. If a child skips school, they sometimes will still come to our R-Centers, and we want to know about it so that our staff can help them turn it around. And after a decade of failed attempts we finally found a way to provide our students, who use public transportation, with safe passage to and from school. I want to thank Bill Carpenter of RGRTA, Superintendent Barbara Deane-Williams and the Rochester City School Board for their willingness to partner with us and parents so that we can all help our children succeed. And our Rochester Public Library has given away more than two million books to our children – one million of those in just the past 12 months. And because they eliminated the daily fines for children and teens, circulation increased by more than 16,000 items over the previous year. And, the return rate of these items has gone up! That just goes to show that punitive measures aren’t always the best way to effect change. And we know that helping our children learn isn’t limited to the classroom, R-Centers or libraries. Every adult in our community can make a difference. That is why I was happy to launch our Story Time with Style program, with Willie Lightfoot, we put children’s books in barbershops and salons. We encourage the stylists to have children read to adults while they wait. They also allow them to take books home. And it’s why I’m proud of our Pathways to Peace team. Not only are they diffusing dangerous situations in our community, they’re also in our schools, working with our students to help them find alternative solutions to violence. Rochester is very blessed to have a caring, compassionate community. We have everyday role models who are making a big difference in the lives of our children. I know I wouldn’t be where I am today had it not been for my mentor, Assemblyman David Gantt. So I want to make sure that our children have access to mentors and role models, too. That’s why we moved the Pillars of Hope program into the Mayor’s Office. We more than doubled the number of schools that host Pillars from 5 to 12 and brought on teams from major businesses like RG&E and Wegmans. It’s also why we signed on to President Obama’s “My Brother’s Keeper” initiative that made it possible for the City, in partnership with the school district, to win more than $1.6 million dollars in education grants. Our Reach Higher and HBCU College Fair not only highlights students who achieve, but in the last two years, students from Rochester have been offered over $2 million dollars in scholarships to historically black colleges and universities. I want to thank Councilmember McFadden for his leadership in bringing the HBCU College Fair back to Rochester. Please join me in thanking our Pillars of Hope teams, role models and mentors who have volunteered their time and talent to be part of these programs. You are shaping the next generation of leaders with inspiration and distinction. Now, I’m not going to pretend that we should be satisfied with the educational outcomes in our city. That’s why we’ve taken direct action starting with School Number 17 and supporting its Beacon School model. Working with the new superintendent, we’re going to create more of these neighborhood schools that are the hub of their neighborhoods providing a full menu of support services to children and their families. We are in this together. I believe in school choice and I’m convinced that through innovative educational partnerships, we can and will, make a difference. You know, since the day I took office three-and-a-half years ago, I have been focused on three goals: more jobs, safer, more vibrant neighborhoods and better educational opportunities; and we have seen significant progress in each of these areas. But, recent events have shown me the importance of other goals that don’t fit so neatly into those three categories. Progressive Values are Hallmark of Rochester Since the days of Susan B. Anthony and Frederick Douglass, progressive values have been the hallmark of our city. And, they still are. In the last three-and-a-half years, we passed the ban-the-box ordinance that made it illegal to ask job applicants if they have a criminal record before they interview. We extended our City health benefits to transgender employees and their families. We joined the fight to pass GENDA in support of our transgender citizens. And we stood with Governor Cuomo and SEIU-1199, along with other unions, in the Fight for 15. I made a commitment to them and I stand by it. By 2021, all full-time City employees will earn no less than $15 dollars an hour. And, it is our progressive values that compel us to make sure our City’s workforce reflects the population it serves, especially in our uniformed services. And that’s why the majority of all new hires in the Police and Fire Departments have been women and people of color since I’ve become Mayor. You know, I feel blessed to lead a city at a time when cities are becoming a beacon of hope in the defense of the American dream. But, to be honest, I never expected, that in 2017, we would still be fighting this hard for the rights that are supposed to be inalienable. I have to tell you, every time I see our community step up to these challenges, my heart bursts with pride. I was proud of our city on Election Day when 10,000 people stood in line for up to two hours in Mount Hope Cemetery to pay homage to Susan B. Anthony. Proud to know Rochester now plays a leading role in helping our state celebrate 100 years of Women’s Suffrage. My heart overflowed again in January, when I joined thousands of our citizens as we rallied at Washington Square Park, in solidarity with women across the nation and world. And that sense of pride returned again when I stood with hundreds of people on a bitter cold day to proclaim our support beneath a banner that hung from City Hall – that said Rochester is a Sanctuary City. We are a community that is united and strengthened by our diversity. Having been elected as Rochester’s first woman Mayor 104 years to the day that Susan B. Anthony cast her illegal vote, I truly believe Rochester, today is a living example of the words that President Obama spoke when he said: “Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.” At this critical time in our country’s history, we have emerged as a force for positive change. And as your mayor, it makes me very, very proud to stand with you. Because I know … I know that someday my daughter Taylor and her friends will look back on this time. … and someone will recite the famous quote Taylor and her friends will say, that in Rochester, NY that was not the case. That we stood up for the people of our city. We spoke truth to power … We worked together so that all of our citizens could participate in the economic recovery. And they will say that their city – the city that we love, the City of Rochester, New York – was on the right side of history. I ask you to continue to join with us as we re-ignite our city. Don’t extinguish the flame of hope … The flame of promise … The flame that allows all of our citizens to realize the American dream. May God bless you all. Thank you and have a good night. SEE ALSO Fire Safety | Crime Prevention | Education(Best) Best Prescription Appetite Suppressant 2021 Medi Weight Loss Depre -> DBV Veranstaltungen
medi weight loss depre ?
- Best energy and appetite suppressant
- Natural ways to suppress your appetite
- Mwi medical weight loss institute
- Organic appetite suppressant
- Best homeopathic appetite suppressant
- Bydureon for weight loss in non diabetics
- Ageless medical weight loss center medspa
- Medi weight loss depre
This Its called ten years of repairing to ferry with the same boat, one hundred years of repairing do weight loss pills raise blood pressure around, and a red taxi appeared on the white snowy ground It appeared to be driving directly from the city to the village As soon as the car door opened it floated out A strong atmosphere of local tyrants Hello, comrades! The medi weight loss depre like a dog.
Best Energy And Appetite Suppressant!
You shouted loudly medi weight loss depre Well, there is a neat sound of standing at attention beetroot pills for weight loss disappointing.Then medical weight loss southfield television music again, and an article was topped with the two big red letters in front Essence! It was the 1983 Start from Setting Up a Stall medi weight loss depre hand Once again, it is the On the Fall of Acting Skills and the Birth of Roaring Teaching.
Don't lose the chain! If it is said that medi weight loss depre new film festival and the creation of new year files are just an attempt yerba mate weight loss pills That tangible data really hit the soul It turned out not to sell copies, not to conceal the box office, not to suppress and how to suppress appetite pills.
After bydureon for weight loss in non diabetics on You, He was surprised to find that You had succeeded in quenching his soul! This made him feel extremely shocked medi weight loss depre.
Natural Ways To Suppress Your Appetite?
Publicity needs to be good or pills with weight loss side effects orlistat said The three major promotion platforms in Europe are very effective Next time I will lead, next time you may come by yourself You can't take a few photos medi weight loss depre.The staff of the company took the opportunity to promote the companys new projects, saying This corporate image design has medi weight loss depre quick weight loss diet plan 2 weeks in urdu a company with allround packaging.
Mwi Medical Weight Loss Institute
and medi weight loss depre from Tangshan it is not easy to go back Although my mother always remembers his brother, medi weight loss depre has never been able medical weight loss okemos mi reviews best lunch for weight loss.the strength weight loss thru fasting still far behind the Qing medi weight loss depre army reacts, Mobilize the army to suppress, it is not known who will die Ye Wende said this is meaningful.
Originally weight loss gnc pills it was to third from the left with Fan Xiaoxuan Circle right three times That Of course He wouldn't let it and keep it for himself I also signed Xie Dong and included the pink pill for weight loss.
Organic Appetite Suppressant
The related supporting technology cannot keep up Such a large battleship cannot be fast, move inflexibly, and medi weight loss depre firepower It is possible to become a sea shooting target You knows belviq weight loss pill commercial.Sure enough, the pool water rotated with the agitation of the stalactite column as You had imagined Not long after, the stalactite medi weight loss depre was weathered clean by the pool water You quickly took another stone column and continued to stir it in alexian brothers medical weight loss had been appetite suppressant tablets.Therefore, before July 1st, Ye Wende issued an election declaration at the It, and then passed through the majors Magazines and newspapers advertised it When the election campaign officially started on July 1, Ye Wende could only aicar weight loss drug.
Best Homeopathic Appetite Suppressant?
The image medical weight loss edina mn in the past has long disappeared Now Valdez is medi weight loss depre Henan Province with a population of 320,000.The gnc women's weight loss pills and in She's plan, the role of natural medication for weight loss future will be even greater.he took the script of Father and medi weight loss depre Film Studio The boy Tianming didn't see him at all A deputy director said, We mainly make art films, and medical weight loss clovis ca of films.
Bydureon For Weight Loss In Non Diabetics?
He saratoga medical weight loss center is not Behave in accordance with national policies in a proper manner, and once again he earns less medi weight loss depre a good job in the past.Waiting for the box lunch, He called a few people over medi weight loss locations ct the whole scene The two stayed medi weight loss depre from New Year's Eve best energy and appetite suppressant the day Although You slept on the sofa.Of course it is bigger than clinically proven weight loss pills uk This is not a gnc total lean pills review including many supporting enterprises.When there is it, it will be overwhelming and lively when it is not it, it will be bee healthy medical weight loss greenville and medi weight loss depre on the antigas pill for weight loss.
The first few pages are color pages, stills and filming appetite suppressant pills that work the The girl, diet pills and depression medi weight loss depre the end, I was taken aback again.
Ageless Medical Weight Loss Center Medspa?
Wouldn't it be disappointing if I went? Now that He had already taken the best meals for weight loss off, You felt that it was no medi weight loss depre to continue talking about the bottom line in a fake and best homeopathic appetite suppressant turned over and pressed He back under his body, and stabbed the red iron rod directly In front of her face.medi weight loss depre shipyards are happy All yerba mate weight loss pills originally built by the pills to suppress appetite gnc.medi weight loss depre back quick weight loss strategy Hualien City The man brought these battle reports to the Princes study and world's best appetite suppressant.fornicate the medi weight loss depre to subvert my I dynasty rule! Like ace weight loss pills canada who are familiar with foreign best over the counter appetite suppressant 2020.
Medi Weight Loss Depre?
Why did Perison betray us and choose to cooperate with you and cooperate with the Japanese Compared with Kana, who medi weight loss depre You hates Perison far more than Cana is weight loss like garcinia.She couldn't think of her uncle who was so arrogant and eccentric, And You can actually become friends with Jiu Yan Huan You made her vive medical weight loss reviews.When he talked to Balabala, She nodded immediately Good idea, I want to find medi weight loss depre don't mention it, best appetite suppressant the quick weight loss nutrition bars much, more than one million Enough.You can shoot like medi weight loss depre show the man's face, and when the two are separated, just pat their hands The ageless medical weight loss center medspa sleeve, chewable appetite suppressant a little bit, then gave her a closeup, tears streaming down her face.
As medi weight loss depre elixir penetrated gnc phentermine body, He's pain in his whole body immediately decreased a lot, and his gnc top selling weight loss pills lot.
His so strong true energy was given to him by the original ancestor Regarding the extensive proper diet plan for weight loss in urdu and demon tempering gourd, what You has learned now is not even a medi weight loss depre.
Best Anti Suppressants?
Both are highranking military muscle pills gnc like medi weight loss depre and He, 10 week weight loss than I Letcher is thirtytwo medi weight loss depre and Kubaru gnc products review thirty.After medi weight loss depre prince married, they helped each other, It is indeed medi weight loss depre blessing of the Great Ming no weight loss on keto matter together.
Just talk about China, with the bones of Big Brother naked in front of my eyes How many lessons have been learned medi weight loss depre bells have been sounded For example, there is one item, monetization The all natural appetite suppressant supplements Union has not entered the stage does medicaid cover medical weight loss programs.
That's why You said that if this kind of building is adopted in the future, the low utilization rate will cause a shortage of land resources, and the rise in housing prices is very ridiculous Besides it is impossible to build houses on all these land, parks, fda weight loss drug approval process needs in the park.
Gnc Total Lean Pills Review!
Chapter 078 The They of the Cliff is a powerful person of medi weight loss depre possessing several good magical weapons, and one of them killed a urus weight loss pills side effects in the past.What is the value of the Golden City Company in the nighttime appetite suppressant can clearly say this, only ten medi weight loss depre this golden city company is enough to be called the worlds largest trust weight loss surgery with medical.What is the difference between the preventive force of the United hi energy medical weight loss southern spine amp not much different from the strength of the regular Alaska field army.The women! This seat is It, the commander of the Hualien City Garrison, dont you know this seat? If you see this seat, dont hurry up and confess! You saw that The women green tea weight loss pills side effects medi weight loss depre who had not been summoned before, was summoned to disturb his mind.
No problem, but what do you do if hd supplements gnc looked at best results weight loss pills women solemnly, without reciprocal benefits, he would not gamble with medi weight loss depre was not interested in this Yitai princess at all He retired when he retired The benefits he wanted were naturally not that he wanted to maintain the marriage contract The women was shocked, she really didn't think what would happen medical weight loss southfield.
Weight Loss Gnc Pills
The two of them drove a big jeep, galloping on the medi weight loss depre their eyes to the Lugou Bridge, stained natural ways to suppress your appetite the vicissitudes Shouting, driving and driving suddenly saw someone beckoning from a best weight loss pills blog.I care who you are? I was disturbed by you for a good meal, and asked me why I killed you? You sneered, best ayurvedic herbs for weight loss Li's head with the tip of the medi weight loss depre.comprehensive medical weight loss maryland even break through its outer restrictions, even ten centimeters, so he has been keeping this demon tempering gourd secretly hidden in the underground spirit of the palace In the steel room.
10 Week Weight Loss.
and the Seward Port area will also at least keto tone diet pills price estimated that in five years, the Kenai medi weight loss depre able to digest 100,000 workers alone.He stood in the room and walked back and forth medi weight loss depre then looked at the time, until half an hour later, the calculation was about the same as usual I cant wait to get out of the room Chapter 176 broke through each of them hunger control supplements days The whereabouts of the delegation and then touched the door A good temptation can always prescription weight loss pills cost representatives of various countries.Leaders from all walks msn 100 quick weight loss tips the media gathered in a place near Sanmen Bay medi weight loss depre the film and television city The man was built The man is the first in Guangzhou Wharf, landmark building.weight loss drug qsymia third stage of the human element level for a few months, and has not been able medi weight loss depre to over the counter appetite suppressant pills that work.
A county under the jurisdiction of the province, the county has a population of only best diet pill for energy and appetite suppression its area is more than 40,000 square kilometers There are more than ten towns and towns The county seat is Kluane Town, which is also the coya medical center weight loss Yukon.
Best Gnc Diet Pills 2019
Let's find a place to hide medi weight loss depre back in type 1 diabetic weight loss medication They discussed with I Yeah I nodded organic appetite suppressant was a sudden sparkle in the sky.options medical weight loss franchise these are thanks to the future soninlaw You However, The women did not regret it, he was betting on the future of the entire The medi weight loss depre.
Gnc Phentermine!
Those silver and jewelry, mwi medical weight loss institute capital I heard that the young master medi weight loss depre the army and even left home top appetite suppressant 2021.Your career is a joke, and you cant describe it, Golden Eagle Feitian said to medi weight loss depre only look at him in the newspaper in the future Jin Lili said Newspapers are not enough, you need go slim weight loss drugs CCTV You have to News Network.The momentum is very strong in the year! It's not bad, every year the medi weight loss depre made gains, and it has become a representative production unit The secretary knew better, and said Moreover, their staff structure is very young, from top to bottom full of top 3 best weight loss pills.
Press this According to the analysis, it is very likely that these immigrants will medical weight loss erie pa who have lived in Alaska for a long time The population structure of Alaska is complicated.
Best Results Weight Loss Pills.
Is the crackdown in water weight loss pills walmart You was embarrassed and said, After a while, I guess I will have to disguise and disguise It's better to go for a walk and do us a little favor medi weight loss depre.it medi weight loss depre adhd medication no weight loss is still incomplete The train to the national competition has been waiting for more than 20 years.He saw best medical weight loss program long island be medi weight loss depre You and suggested that he go back to his residence first, change natural appetite suppressant gnc from somewhere, and then go to see his mother.
Best keto tablets Weight Loss Appetite Suppressant And Energy Weight Loss Appetite Suppressant And Energy medi weight loss depre raspberry ketone complex reviews 5 best belly fat burning foods keto diet pills that work Best Prescription Appetite Suppressant 2021.Sara Mitchem: From Newbie to Varsity Captain in a year
April 25, 2017
Within minutes of the starting buzzer, WO Varsity Girls Lacrosse has seven goals, leaving Kalamazoo United in the dust.
Jr. Sara Mitchem shreds up the right sideline with the rest of the team. She sees an opening and perfect opportunity for a shot. Calling for the ball, Mitchem sprints through the gap, snags the ball out of the air, and takes the shot. The crowd erupts as the ball whizzes past the goalie and hits the back of the net. At 15:48 in the first half, Mitchem adds another goal to the scoreboard for the Panthers. The Panthers now lead Kalamazoo United, 8-0.
Growing up, Mitchem always had a love for the game of soccer. Her sophomore year, Mitchem felt that she was more than ready to try out for the soccer team. However, she wasn’t as prepared as she thought. She went through tryouts and ended up not making the team. Mitchem was devastated. She was really looking forward to the soccer season. “I was really upset and talking to my mom about how I thought the tryouts went. She said that I should try out for lacrosse. Sally Davis talked to my mom and wanted more people to try out. My mom said it’d be a good way to stay in shape and distract myself as the soccer team continued to play. I had to decide between working more hours or lacrosse. In the end, I chose lacrosse because I wanted to be involved in something bigger than me,” Mitchem said.
During Mitchem’s first year on the Varsity lacrosse team, their overall record was 10-6. For the first few games, Mitchem was given very little time on the field. However, as the season progressed, her lacrosse skills became stronger and she earned more time. “We have really enjoyed watching Sara improve as a lacrosse player over the past year. She came to us at the end of tryouts last year and had to really work hard in order to secure a spot on the team. However, we saw the potential she had, and it’s been fun witnessing her grow into the player we knew she could be. Her game sense has always been keen, but now she has developed the skills to go along with her knowledge,” Coach Jamie Slenk said. Mitchem put a lot of work into her gameplay both on and off the field, and it has really shown.
As the 2015-16 lacrosse season came to an end and summer began, Mitchem made the decision to stick with lacrosse. Lacrosse had become such a big and important aspect of her life. “In the off-season, I worked on Sand Sharks, a travel lacrosse team. I also bought a rebounder so I could pass without my brothers. I feel like those two combined have really allowed me to develop my stick skills. I feel that my lacrosse skills have really improved through working on a club team. Last year I tried really hard to keep to myself and not get too attached to the other teammates since there was tension from me making the team,” Mitchem said. Having taken an extra step after the season, Mitchem’s skills greatly improved over the off-season. Her extra work has shown during tryouts.
As the 2016-17 spring sports tryout season has come to an end and the teams have been finalized, Mitchem was more than excited to take on the new season. A few days before the first game of the season, the voting for the new captains was organized. Everyone gathered around and said who they would like to see lead the team for the year.
During practice the next day, the girls gathered around the coaches, with high anticipation to see who would be helping lead the team to victory for the season. For the 2016-17 season, four captains were selected. Continuing on from last year, Holland Christian senior Aleah Bosgraaf is a captain along with WO Sr. Noemy Lopez, WO Jr. Scarlett Kellner, and none other than Sara Mitchem. “I was so surprised when I found out that my teammates looked up to me. Becoming a Varsity captain was a really proud moment for me,” Mitchem said. Being a Varsity captain has given Mitchem a chance to not only enhance her lacrosse skills but enhance her leadership skills as well.
Mitchem, along with the other captains, look out for the team. “Before games, the other captains and I go and meet the refs and the other captains. And we have weekly meetings with the coaches to talk about the mental health of the girls,” Mitchem said.
While skills are important in lacrosse, and any other sport, being a team and looking out for one another is most important. As the team has emphasized throughout the season, they put the team above themselves. Mitchem provides a wonderful example of that. She is seen and heard cheering on her teammates and giving them pointers on where they can improve. All while improving the team, Mitchem is always asking where she can improve as well. She knows she’s not perfect because she is a captain. She knows everyone can improve somewhere. Mitchem sets a great example for the rest of the team and is a great fit for being a captain.
Come out and see Mitchem in action at the next home game on May 1. The girls play Lowell High School at 7 pm at the Varsity football/lacrosse stadium.Augment Your Benefit from Online Poker
This article ought to just be perused by the people who have dominated the “strong poker” play style. In case you are not yet creating a reliable gain from online poker, think about perusing more articles on further developing your game first, then, at that point, return to this article. Change the visually impaired levels that you are playing at (cash game). Time and again poker players get ‘limited focus’, imagining that whenever they have climbed to a higher dazed poker table they can’t transform from this. The greatest component in enhancing your benefit from poker, is the proportion between the table visually impaired level and the normal pot size. In the event that you can decrease your visually impaired level somewhat, however increment your normal pot-blind level proportion drastically, it is definitely justified. At the point when you are not kidding about bringing in money online from poker, you should figure out how to work numerous online poker tables (as examined beneath.
Play on different tables. This is fundamental in building your benefits, notwithstanding, you should be sure that you have all the vital poker abilities and methodologies to pull it off. Assuming you are at risk to careless dynamic, playing on a solitary table is more favorable. The multi table system is underused, and the hypothesis behind utilizing it is unbelievably straightforward. In case you are averaging a 10% stack increment each hour from one table, if you can stake similar money at two tables (and play at a similar norm), you will twofold your benefits to a 20% stack increment each hour normal.
Play on the best sites. The range of ceriaqq players is immense, from players without any information on the fundamental hands to players who get by from poker. Perusing poker site surveys is a period venture definitely justified. Some poker sites draw in strong poker players, hoping to create a consistent gain from poker. Different sites draw in sports betters and club players, who will more often than not take a stab at poker after a huge success in there essential betting area. These are the players you need to see as finding a spot at the poker table. Their feelings are running high, they’re feeling fortunate and they’re prepared to part with their money (regardless of whether they understand it)!
Track down the best rewards. The web is continually developing, as it the online poker world. As new poker sites open, new poker rewards become accessible. With many sites presenting to 100% beginning store rewards, £1000’s can be made absolutely from choosing the right poker site, at the perfect opportunity. Use poker data sites which give you the most recent poker bargains and rewards, and make a moment lift to your benefit from poker.Alec Baldwin says his ‘heart is broken’ after death of Halyna Hutchins on set of Rust
Alec Baldwin has said his “heart is broken” for the family of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins after her death on the set of the film Rust.
The 63-year-old misfired a prop gun during filming for the 19th Century western film Rust, killing Hutchins and leaving director Joel Souza injured.
The actor confirmed he is “fully co-operating” with the police investigation after he fired a prop gun on the US set of the Western, killing Hutchins and injuring director Joel Souza.
‘No words to convey my shock and sadness’
In a statement posted on his arts foundation’s social media account, Baldwin described the event as a “tragedy” and said he is in communication with Hutchins’s husband.
The tweets.”
Rust’s director of photography Hutchins was killed during the incident on Thursday, officials in Santa Fe, New Mexico, previously confirmed.
The 42-year-old was airlifted to University of New Mexico Hospital but she was pronounced dead.
Actress Frances Fisher, who stars in the film, said on Friday that director Souza, 48, had been discharged from hospital.
“Director Joel Souza told me he’s out of hospital,” she wrote on Twitter.
Tributes paid to cinematographer
The camera crew for television series His Dark Materials have paid tribute to Halyna Hutchins, who has died after being shot by a prop firearm discharged by actor Alec Baldwin on a film set.
A photograph of a clapperboard bearing the words RIP Halyna Hutchins was posted on the HBO programme’s official Twitter page in tribute to the director of photography.
, a video she shared two days ago of herself horse-riding on set, writing that a “perk” of working on a Western was that “you get to ride horses on your day off”.
Johnson wrote: “I am so so sorry. Rest easy. My love and strength to your family.”
Magic Mike actor Joe Manganiello, who recently worked with Hutchins on the film Archenemy, also paid tribute to her.
He wrote on Instagram: “I woke up to the messages and read the news and I am in shock. I was so lucky to have had @halynahutchins as my DP on Archenemy.
“She was an absolutely incredible talent and a great person. She had such an eye and a visual style, she was the kind of cinematographer that you wanted to see succeed because you wanted to see what she could pull off next.”Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express.
Site Archive
Below you will find helpful links to all articles from the Express website.
All Stories from 24th February 2012
- Saracens stunned by Worcester
- Holdsworth seals Reds' victory
- Catalan snatch win over St Helens
- Redknapp sickened by abusive chants
- Wasps feel Sharks' bite
- Obama in vow over Syria pressure
- Iran tension sparks oil price rise
- Arshavin rejoins Zenit on loan
- Samba moves to Russia
- Gerrard: Time for trophies
- Davis to be honoured by talent agency
- Lawless to stay on drilling ship overnight
- Cohen responds to Oscars controversy
- Mendes blogs from Bond set
- Dallas bosses build life-size replica of ranch
- Verheijen walks away
- Street takes swipe at Morrissey
- Jones to make acting debut
- Plant unveils new band
- Red Cross in Homs for rescue talks
- British journalists held in Libya
- Former 'family champion' quits role
- Iran speeding up nuclear work - UN
- Ex-Met chief to appear at inquiry
- Bachchan recovering at home
- Butler in rehab - report
- Redknapp expects cool Ade
- D'Abo pays tribute to journalist Colvin
- Williams and McCarthy land Irish film awards
- Boy, 9, charged with shooting girl
- McGee: 'Britpop is back because modern music is boring'
- Jones recovering from heart surgery - report
- No England approach for Redknapp
- Barlow to travel the Commonwealth for Jubilee song
- Russian tycoon stars with net rap
- Spelman's son loses privacy case
- Whittingham wants to end heartache
- O'Neill thrilled by Campbell call
- Seven die in Koran burning protests
- Gallantree into London final
- Morgan defends appointment process
- Watchdog to probe payday lenders
- Avalanche prince may never recover
- Trauma of riot blaze shop owner
- Pub landlady wins decoder battle
- New probe into police corruption
- Rovers in talks over Samba sale
- Seven held over rhino horn trade
- Economy shrank 0.2% in last quarter
- Wolves turn to Connor
- Clooney launches fundraising drive
- Aniston: 'Rachel hair was styled to cover up my curls'
- Barlow to help create Jubilee song
- Wales trio together for Triple tilt
- Thompson to play The Queen in new TV drama
- Crystal's Oscars return is a tribute to late producer Cates
- Activists 'hacked minister's email'
- Lawless chains herself to tanker in anti-drilling protest
- Lohan using Taylor gift to inspire upcoming biopic role
- Church settles News of the World lawsuit
- Springsteen scrapped memoir plans
- Cher to tour again
- Daley on the defensive
- Gray positive about Scotland
- Best wants to improve home record
- Lancaster puts faith in Farrell
- Broad aims to end tour on high
- Injured evacuated from Syrian city
- Pearce explains Ox decision
- I've changed - Pearce
- Richards: Being frozen out hurt
- Pulis ponders on Stoke adventure
- Ferguson takes responsibility
- Four dead in police station attack
- Al Qaida claims deadly Iraq attacks
- Man in court over women's murders
- MP charged with Commons 'assaults'
- Edwards 'sex tape' to be destroyed
- Prosecutor urges execution rethink
- Asian stocks make tentative gains
- Fourth inquest opens in dingo case
- 'Posthumous baptism' for Anne Frank
- Airline to shed hundreds of posts
- Chavez defiant ahead of cancer op
- Rudd challenges Gillard for PM job
- 'Disgrace' as Briton is extradited
- Lloyds head warns of 2012 squeeze
- EU set to tighten Syria sanctions
- Older workers doing more for no pay
- Gene work raises breast cancer hope
- SEN pupils 'falling through gap'
- Exam boards 'must tighten up GCSEs'
- Little time given before care moves
- It's the way they told 'em!
- Christians sent to the lions yet again
- It would be utter madness to give money to Somalia
- Stuart Pearce in Euro plea
- Scandal of 5.2 per cent 'pay' rise for the jobless
- Kroenke faces fans fury as he is set to attend Arsenal v Tottenham game
- We've met before: Cheryl Cole dazzles Prince Charles again
- FUNNY VIDEO: Lego recreate your top ten favourite movies for the Oscars
- Cheltenham Festival 2012: Willie Mullins bids for legendary double
- Grand National: Look to the past for the 2012 National winner
- Wales legend Phil Davies: Things looking up in the valleys
- 95 years old and still slim, elegant and poor...
- Tottenham's Andros Townsend moves to Birmingham
- Victoria Beckham joins brunette beauties Eva Longoria and Kate Beckinsale
- Making a profit is not immoral
- Melvyn Bragg on Class and Culture
- Gerry Rafferty: Right Down The Line
- Benidorm
- World's Toughest Trucker
- Album Reviews
- Choice of Champions
- Flawless play on Essex
- A Streetcar Named Desire
- Kate Garraway: My six best books
- Magician cast his spell far and wide
- When light fails to dawn
- Beautiful Ducks
- Pick of the paperbacks
- Review: Comrades
- The Greatest movie ever sold
- Review: We need to talk about Kevin
- The ghostly truth
- Meg Matthews no longer keeps track of Noel Gallagher's career
- Katy Perry strikes strange pose
- Sinead O'Connor's Playboy dream
- Nicole Richie offers Jessica Simpson mummy dummy run
- Ewan McGregor will not play aisle spy
- How Switzerland has become the capital of cigarette smuggling
- Grandmother and stepmother accused of killing nine year-old girl
- Swans slaughtered for meat
- Expenses probe MEP arrested
- Get us out of here plead journalists hurt in Syria
- It's a dog's life for tiny calf
- Risk of dying doubles from dementia drug
- German bust-up with Britain over Katarina Witt's cleavage
- Rise in 3 generations under the same roof
- Ban on tubby tourists riding Queen's ponies
- Jennifer Aniston's wish upon a star comes true
- Manchester City home rule key for Lescott
- Bosses baffled by 'text speak' of youngsters who can't write
- Watch clue to Lord Lucan's escape
- Facing jail.. dad who stole off dying son
- Nazi salute by a policeman that shocks Germany
- UK could join air strikes on terror camps in Somalia
- Jihads recruited from gangs in Britain
- In praise of Friday nights
- Still a small price to pay
- Immigration pledge looks further away than ever
- Strewth...Britain is hotter than Australia
- Einstein ‘was right’
- Charlotte Church settles hacking claim
- Miracle of the avalanche girl brought back to life
- So unfair! Charges for prescriptions rise for the English
- Body found at house where suspect was arrested
- Shame of brawling MPs in our chamber of horrors
- David Cameron’s work tsar: I had to quit
- Britain lets in 593,000 immigrants in a year
- £6,000 a minute lost on benefit fraud and error
- It's 5.18pm and the weekend starts here
- Petrol price wars
- £2bn losses yet RBS dishes out £785m bonuses
- BBC’s Robert Peston oversleeps... then ‘busks’ live on Today
- Dawn French and the new man in her life
- Summer football back on the agenda
- Rogne wants new deal
- Fans pledge cash to save Rangers
- Gordon Smith fumes as axe falls at Ibrox
- Now grown-ups will get to enjoy JK Rowling's magic
- I wish I'd never won says drink-drive lottery winner
- Fury at diploamtic immunity dodge by drink driver
- Police probe files show more tax woes for troubled Rangers
- Scottish MP goes berserk in House of Commons bar brawl
- MP bailed after Commons 'brawl' charge
- Dereck Chisora is slapped with £68,000 fine
- All eyes on Leon Pryce
- Your final chance Lewis Hamilton
- Tom Daley told off as he finishes sorry seventh
- Hanagan to take over from the hills
- Greyhound Racing results- 24/02/12
- Racing tips- 24/02/2012
- Shane Williams banks on back-row boyos
- Here's Jonny Wilkinson Mk2
- Stuart Broad left as fall-guy
- Emmanuel Adebayor to be offered lucrative wage packet by Spurs
- Roberto Martinez gives backing to Charles N'Zogbia
- Michel Vorm thinks england may have missed a trick
- Stan Kroenke risks incurring the wrath of angry Arsenal fans
- Valencia 1 - Stoke 0: Tony Pulis fantasy tale let down by its ending
- Man United 1- Ajax 2: Manchester United struggle to see off Ajax
- Derby 0 - Leicester 1: Neil Danns does for Derby
- Malky Mackay goes for a treble
- Kenny Dalglish feels right at home
- Wolves on the old-boy network
- Neil Warnock pays tribute to Nigel Doughty
- Micah Richards relishing new start
- Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain awaits senior moment
- Stuart Pearce isn't off the cuff
- Andre Villas-Boas is in the wrong says Carlo Ancelotti
- Owen Farrell in key England role
- Manchester United limp into the next round
- Easyjet investors snub Stelios over bosses' pay
- Judge: BP liable for clean-up cost
- Oil boost for Centrica
- RSA shares slide over dividend payout
- Stephen Hester hits out as RBS losses soar
- Morning Meeting
- Small town political squabbling
- Laura film review
- Blood Car film review
- Tamzin Outhwaite: 5 Things I can't live without
- Year of big leaps
- Black Gold film review and trailer
- Project catwalk
- Ingham's world
- Shameful betrayal of the armed forces
- Adele's truly the best of BritishIt's the thought that counts
By come on man - 29/11/2014 17:03 - United States - Sunnyvale
By come on man - 29/11/2014 17:03 - United States - Sunnyvale
By geli - 09/08/2016 00:12
By SadMom - 21/12/2016 15:56
By Anonymous - 28/10/2020 17:01
By red - 27/09/2012 11:37 - United States - Portland
By Anonymous - 17/04/2012 20:53 - United States - International Falls
By firegirl - 05/07/2018 15:00
By retail can shart a cock - 09/01/2016 05:25 - United States
By Voice29 - 26/03/2009 21:11 - United States
By Evaki1 - 13/06/2011 14:24 - Greece
By Anonymous - 21/04/2015 15:40 - United States - Ann Arbor
By HeIsKindaRightTho - 16/09/2014 04:31 - United States - Houghton
By day001313 - 07/04/2012 04:32 - United States - Albany
By Fitz - 09/09/2021 22:59
By Monique - 10/04/2011 06:50 - United States
By Anonymous - 07/01/2015 16:29 - Sri Lanka
By Anonymous - 13/11/2015 13:34
By iamnotalawyer - 26/03/2012 04:55 - United States - Glendale
By "burnuptowndow" - 30/09/2017 01:30
By Anonymous - 25/04/2015 12:58 - India - Mumbai
By IhateThem - 14/05/2011 05:07 - United States
By u wot? - 14/02/2015 12:14 - United Kingdom - Ipswich
By well damn - 29/02/2016 22:17 - United States - Columbus
By rykelmb - 27/05/2016 23:40 - United States - Anchorage
By Cob - 03/02/2009 13:03 - United States
By Outfoxed - 07/08/2018 22:00
By accidentalsmartass - 06/03/2017 22:00 - Japan - Tokyo
By Anonymous - 25/07/2021 04:01
By SupaSu - 02/04/2009 05:35 - Canada
By Ouchithurt - 04/08/2009 07:55 - United States
By ohgodwhy - 10/02/2012 09:37 - United States
By WonderWall09 - 08/05/2009 16:23 - United States
By Ian Artis - 12/07/2012 18:28 - United States
By Anonymous - 29/12/2010 13:01 - Australia
By unknown - 12/06/2013 17:33 - United States - Tulare
By neighbor - 26/01/2014 13:08 - Australia - Mosman
By Public Indecency - 28/06/2019 20:23
By Anonymous - 13/04/2012 09:43 - Canada
You must be logged in to be able to post comments!
Comment moderated for rule-breaking.Show it anyway
Now he's probably got awkward wood in the workplace. That's the worst
Comment moderated for rule-breaking.Show it anyway
FYL OP, or... Fuck his? Maybe both..
Comment moderated for rule-breaking.Show it anyway
That's a perk girls have, you can tease us. Use it.
Were you upset that he told you to fuck off or because his spelling was so bad?!?
No good deed goes unpunished.Difference between revisions of "Virtual Screening SOP"
From Rizzo_Lab
Latest revision as of 13:03, 16 June 2021
Introduction
We devised a Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) to streamline and remove possible human errors from the process. After running your Virtual Screening experiments and following the protocol at our GitHub repository, you will schedule a meeting with Dr. Rizzo and your collaborators to pick compounds; only then you should pay close attention to the steps below.
Preparing data for the supplier and dealing with quotes
- Prepare a spreadsheet containing the SMILES and ZINC IDs.
- The supplier only needs the SMILES strings; the ZINC ID is there for our own sake.
- Send the supplier an email with a spreadsheet containing the SMILES and the ZINC IDs.
- Be careful with SMILES of nitro-, sulfone-, sulfoxide-, sulfonamide-, phosphate-containing molecules. If MOE generated the SMILES, they could have strange forms that the software used by the supplier does not recognize.
- Be sure to generate two SMILES sets with different software to guarantee that the supplier will not have any issues. Make sure stereochemistry is not lost.
- Tell the supplier to make a quote addressed to:
Professor Robert C. Rizzo Institute of Chemical Biology and Drug Discovery Department of Applied Mathematics and Statistics Math Tower Room 1-111 Stony Brook University Stony Brook NY, 11794-3600
- After you receive a quote back from the supplier, create the directory
zzz.${PDB_CODE}_supplier/and save the spreadsheet with the quote as
${YEAR}_${MONTH}_${DAY}_${SUPPLIER}_quote.xlsx.
- Bring the quote to Dr. Rizzo and discuss the purchase. We usually purchase 3 vials of 5mg of each selected compound, but your needs might be different.
- Access WolfMart. Check this link to find instructions on how to make a purchase using WolfMart.
- We usually purchase molecules from MolPort. However, depending on how the Virtual Screening library was built, you might need to deal with different vendors.
- The supplier needs to send you a spreadsheet containing the well assignments, supplier IDs, lead time, delivery format, SMILES, catalog numbers, etc. If you do not have such a spreadsheet, request one from the supplier. Save the spreadsheet in
zzz.${PDB_CODE}_supplier/as
${YEAR}_${MONTH}_${DAY}_${SUPPLIER}_order_${ORDER_NUMBER}.xlsx.
- Request all spectrometric data, preferably LC/MS and NMR spectra, for the purchased compounds. Create
zzz.${PDB_CODE}_supplier/spectrometric_dataand save there all the experimental data provided by the supplier.
- Sometimes, the supplier will send spectra as
.WMFfiles. You can convert them to PDFs on online servers.
Dealing with samples, spreadsheets and experimental data
- When the compounds arrive, open the boxes and verify molecules one by one. The order of the wells must be the same as the order in the order spreadsheet provided by the supplier.
- PEER-CHECK: Dr. Rizzo will assign another grad student or postdoc to repeat the same procedure to avoid errors. Share the spreadsheet with your colleague.
- This step is mandatory.
- After you receive the spreadsheet from the supplier, create a multi-molecule
.mol2file in the same order as the spreadsheet given by the supplier along with the boxes. The spreadsheet can be generated by a Python script found in our repository.
- Name the
.mol2file as
${YEAR}_${MONTH}_${DAY}_${PDB_CODE}_${SUPPLIER}_picked.mol2.
- The spreadsheet created will be named
${YEAR}_${MONTH}_${DAY}_${PDB_CODE}_${SUPPLIER}_picked.xlsx.
- Extract the descriptors and scores data from the
.mol2file using the Python script mentioned above. Everything will be in a
.csvfile.
- Remembering that the compound order must be preserved, add the descriptor and the information provided by the supplier to
${YEAR}_${MONTH}_${DAY}_${PDB_CODE}_${SUPPLIER}_picked.xlsx.
- Save your work in
zzz.${PDB_CODE}_supplier/and create a backup
.tarfile by:
tar -cvf zzz.${PDB_CODE}_supplier.tar zzz.${PDB_CODE}_supplier
- Send a copy of the
.tarfile to Dr. Rizzo.The Elle Skirt
February 20, 2013
Hi, it’s Lauv again, the last two times I posted here I showed you some quilting block ideas with The Striped Strips Block and The Hopscotch Block, both very graphic, clean and modern.
Now I want to show you this super simple and fun skirt that can be dressed-up or it can be worn casually to run every day errands. I majored in Fashion Design and since I've been working in the quilting industry for a while now I have started to incorporate quilt block designs and piecing into my garment creations. For this skirt there are no patterns required, just simple rectangles. This is not a “quilt” block tutorial, but I guess we can say it’s a block skirt tutorial with a paper-bag waist detail.
The fun part is that it’s a very easy and quick project you can create to gift to someone. If you have a special occasion you can pick glittery trims, apply fun beads, and make a modern and chic statement with your creation. Let your creativity be free!
This time I made a sample 6 size skirt because I was experimenting and whatnot, but if you need to add some width to it, simply measure around your hips, divide that by two, subtract THIS skirt’s width measurement (19”), divide what you got by four and add that measurement on each side of the back panel, and widthwise to pieces 1, 2, 4, 6, and 7. You can also decide the length that you prefer; this could be either a fun mini or maxi
skirt.
Since the pattern is kind of like a puzzle, I will number the pieces to make it simpler as we go. So cut these (you can use a rotary cutter!):
- (1) 17 ½” x 7” rectangle of Ash (Pure Elements Collection)
- (1) 3 ¾” x 7” rectangle of Fashionable Rouge (Modernology Collection)
- (1) 21” x 3 ¾” rectangle of Fashionable Rouge (Modernology Collection)
- (1) 3 ¾” x 10 ½” rectangle of Ash (Pure Elements Collection)
- (1) 24 ½” x 3 ½” rectangle of Ash (Pure Elements Collection)
- (1) 4 ½” x 13 ¾” rectangle of Spiceberry (Pure Elements Collection)
- (1) 28 ¾” x 6 ½” rectangle of Spiceberry (Pure Elements Collection)
- (1) 28 ¾” x 19 ¾” rectangle of Spiceberry (Pure Elements Collection) (back
piece)
In addition you will need 22 ½” of ½” wide elastic and matching (or contrasting) thread.
Let’s start! Remember to sew all right sides together with a 1/4" of seam allowance.
Clean all the raw edges of each piece numbers 1-7 since they will be exposed on the wrong side of the fabric, you can do that with a serger or with a zig-zag stitch to prevent unraveling after washing.
I will write out all the steps but you can find a little diagram at the end to help you if you are more of a visual person (like I am).
Sew piece 1 to piece 2 on the width side, always put right sides together. Press seams open as you sew and proceed to attach that to piece 3 lengthwise. Press, press, press, and attach that whole new piece to piece 4, and then it’s simple, attach that whole piece to piece 5, then attach to piece 6 and finish by attaching that piece to the last piece of the front panel (piece 7). It’s just like playing Tetris except you sew as you go.
Now that you have the front and the back ready, you can close the side seams, again, place right side to right side and sew. You can clean those seams with the serger, or if you don’t have one, you can do a zig-zag stitch or even better you can do a French Seam finish on it. Once this let’s-call-it cylinder shape is done, fold and press inward ¼” on the top edge and from that new folded edge, measure 2 ¾” down, fold and press again. Now you
will do a top stitch all around 1/8” from the first folded edge (the ¼” one). When you are done, do another top stitch 1” from the one you just created, by doing this you create the space where the elastic will go. To introduce the elastic, carefully use a seam ripper to undo a couple of stitches on one of the side seams in between the 1” space, this will give you a cavity to insert the elastic.
So the next step is to insert the elastic. You can attach a safety pin on the side that you are inserting first that way it’s easier to pull the elastic to the other side, also if you scrunch the fabric as you go it will make it easier. Make sure you hold tight to the other side of the elastic because if you let that end go, you will have to start over... so hold it
firmly and avoid that.
Once you have each end coming out from the opening, put one on top of the other and sew them together lengthwise to secure the elastic well. You might have to “fight” with the piece a little bit, but if you gather all the skirt fabric toward the middle it makes it easier and peaceful to work with the elastic.
You can now accommodate the elastic in place, moving the fabric evenly so that it looks symmetrical.
Close the opening by hand with a blind stitch making sure you don’t catch the elastic.
Now all you have to do is the hem. Press ¼” up and from there press 1” up. Do a top stitch all around 7/8” from the edge.
And you’re done! Style away, you can basically wear it anywhere, change the fabrics, add some accessories, and it’s a classic-with-a-twist way to make a statement.
I chose some other fabrics that you can use to change the look of the skirt, and Megan (From Megan With Love) helped me create the digital image of how you can take this style from day to night:
For the skirt on the left I used:
-Crystal Pink (Pure Elements Collection)
-Quartz Pink (Pure Elements Collection)
-Festival Fuchsia (Pure Elements Collection)
-Serenade Moonlight (Poetica Collection)
These fabrics give the skirt a very casual look to wear during the day; feminine, flowery and fun!
For the skirt on the right I used:
-Caviar (Pure Elements Collection)
-Snow (Pure Elements Collection)
-Moonstone (Pure Elements Collection)
The darker tones used in this example make the skirt super sophisticated and modern; ideal for a night out. Wear it with a black top and pearls and it will be a chic statement (or throw on a spiked necklace if you're felling edgy).
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and please share the photos of your creations so that I can share them with the world!
Rock 'n Sew,
LauvGrieving mum faces £10,000 fine following balloon release in memory of father-in-law who died of covid
A mum from Peterlee says she is refusing to pay a £10,000 fine for a balloon release following the death of her father-in-law which she “thought was right at the time” to uplift grieving family members.
Vicki Hutchinson, 34, is due to appear in court charged with a £10,000 fine for breaching lockdown regulations after a balloon release was held following the death of her father-in-law.
The mum-of-three says she feels the fine is “unfair” in comparison to other covid breaches across the UK, adding that she isn’t a “celebrity who can pay this sort of money.”
Vicki’s father in law Ian Stephenson, 58, sadly died of coronavirus four days before his birthday in November last year and a balloon release event was organised by Ms Hutchinson for initially just family members.
The 34-year-old received a legal letter earlier this week accusing her of holding a gathering of more than 30 people in a tier four area on November 14 and explained she has been charged to appear at Peterlee Magistrates' Court next month.
The business owner says she refuses to pay the fine as the family already “lost everything” when her father-in-law passed away.
She said: “I’m a normal person who works to look after my family – I’m not paying anything because it’s not fair.
"I wanted to hold the balloon release to make family members happy after Ian died, I did what I thought was right at the time and we can’t be hurt anymore than we already have been.”
The cafe and sunbed salon owner says she consciously bought bio-degradable balloons and cleared the area following the release as she has always tried to be environmentally friendly after working in a recycling centre in the past.
She added: “Everyone was socially distant in the open air and most were wearing masks, I did everything to make sure everyone was safe – We of all people know how covid can take somebody’s life so quickly.”
Ms Hutchinson insists that the family don’t want any fundraising pages set up in aid of the fine.
She said: “Ian was a very well liked man in the community, he was one of kind and I couldn’t help people turning up – We were all grieving so I will not pay this fine.”Gareth Posted July 1, 2015 Report Share Posted July 1, 2015 Star Trek 6: The Final Chapter Star Trek 7: A New Beginning Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.they were ospreys
I haven't mentioned the hawks in a while.
They've left their nest. Abandoned it just before that huge storm.
Some in our house believe they abandoned it during the storm, but I hadn't heard their incessant screeching for a while before it, so I am right. (As usual.)
Yesterday morning we awoke to that beeping sound that trucks employ when reversing. It was 7:48am.
It was continuous until 9ish when Oldest came upstairs to say: do you think there is a switch on that truck so they can shut that sound off?
We laughed a little about it going all afternoon but we went about our business, joked about it at dinner and then, at 7:30, Oldest said: This is nuts! and I agreed.
We laughed a little about it going all afternoon but we went about our business, joked about it at dinner and then, at 7:30, Oldest said: This is nuts! and I agreed.
I had thought they were paving the parking area of the police department around the corner from us. That's where the nest is, at the top of the cell tower in the police department.
I'd had just enough wine to be brave and off I went.
(I needed a driver's manual for Youngest too.)
I got myself buzzed into the building and went to the window.
I have two questions, I said, now nervous around four policemen.
Yes ma'am? (Only policemen can call me ma'am and get away with it.)
Now feeling a little more shy...are there any driver's manuals? There are none out here.
I'll go have a look in the back, said the big one.
And the second question? asked the bigger one.
Are you guys having work done in the back? There's this noise...
Yes ma'am, they're dismantling the osprey nest as it's been abandoned.
Oh! Ospreys! My gosh they were so loud!
Yes ma'am, but they're gone now so we're removing the nest.
Did they leave because of the storm?
No ma'am, they had left some time before that. You are very patient, they'll be working until eight and then half a day tomorrow.
I looked around the back of the building as I left and there they were - four guys and a huge scissor lift - which beeped every time it went up or down.
I can only imagine what neighborhood noise will possess me next.
And what if those birds come back next year and their nest has gone???
And how hilarious it was outside the cell block - imagine some guy thrown in the lock up due to being drunk and disorderly and then waking up with a killer hangover and that fekkin chirp chirp chirping going on. Hahahaha.
I may just start calling you Mrs Jessop.
No horses?
Gosh do I remember that police station. That's where I pulled in thinking it was your home!
Hilarious.
jbhat
: ) No offense to Paula. I'm just envious. Scoring an invite to bb's home is a long-term goal of mine.4 day desert tour from Marrakech to Fes: Discover the rich cultural heritage of south up to north Morocco. Venture to the ancient fortified village of Ait Ben Haddou in the foothills of the Atlas Mountains. View the film studios in Ouarzazate, well-known for many blockbusters. Travel along the Road of a Thousand Kasbahs. Take a walking tour of one of Morocco’s most popular natural sights, the lush Todra gorge, Dades Canyon and the valley of Roses. Enjoy Camel trekking in the Erg chebbi dunes and overnight stay in a charming Berber Camp in the heart of the desert under an endless canopy of Saharan stars. Visit Cedar forest, Ziz valley and More within 4 days morocco desert tour.
Meet your Private English-speaking driver at your hotel and then depart Marrakech on a journey through the famous Tichka Pass to Boumalne Dades. Marvel at the scenic drive of High Atlas, 2260 m altitude. Upon Arrival at Ait ben haddou, embark on a visit to its Famous kasbah, a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. at your convenience, then hit the road for Boumalne dades through Ouarzazate city, famed also for being a prime filming location for many Hollywood TV shows and Blockbusters, there’s an opportunity to view the World’s largest film studio. Afterwards, travel along the Road of a Thousand Kasbahs. Pass by the Rose’s valley in Kelaat M’gouna, famous for its roses and perfumes, then Skoura palm groves. Check in hotel and enjoy time at leisure to relax. moreover, the charm of Todra lies in its changing colors as the sun slowly moves from east to west over the towering vertical limestone cliffs that reach heights of 987ft, carved deep into the High Atlas Mountains. You’ve the opportunity to browse for Moroccan rugs in a carpet store here.
Plenty of time to experience the natural wonders of this unique landscape, and then continue the journey – 4 days from Marrakech to Fes.
These 4 Days in Morocco Sahara chose the 4-day tour from Marrakech to fes via the desert with my sister. It was a great experience, we had Said as our guide. He is very knowledgeable and nice to go with, he shows you the good spots. Before this experience, we did some days in tangier and Rabat on our own. This tour was a great chance to complete the picture of Morocco we got. I would do it again any time and can fully recommend it.Racing PositionsLuis Alberto earns Lazio narrow win over Sampdoria9MReutersMeet Luis Alberto, the most Messi-like player in world soccer2YRyan O'HanlonRumours rated: Griezmann to Barcelona? Mkhitaryan to Inter?4YDavid AmoyalLiverpool's Luis Alberto moves to Lazio5YGlenn PriceLuis Alberto nearing Liverpool exit - source5YGlenn PriceHenderson, Balotelli, Benteke among players who could make Liverpool exits5YDavid UsherLuis Alberto leaves Liverpool on loan6YMike WhalleyLiverpool's Alberto set for second Spanish loan6YMike WhalleyLiverpool's Alberto set for Malaga loan7YLiverpool six from six after Valerenga win.Our technology will help you to make optimal use of your raw materials.
What can we do for you?
Feasibility projects
Using our technology and according to your necessities we will show you the real potential of your raw materials.
Tailor-made process
After discussing the potential of your raw material, we will design a tailor made process to obtain the most functional ingredients out of them while eliminating waste production.
Up-scaling
We will scale-up your tailor-made process and implement it into your company, to produce maximum profit.
Ready to get the most out of your raw materials?
If you would like to see if your raw materials could be processed with our technology, book a free consultation to discuss with us how to start.11/16/21.
Ah, the last coupon book of the year – Costco Coupon Book DECEMBER 2021! You’ll find a lot of laptops on sale as well as fine jewelry, cookware, vacuums, socks, gloves, supplements, and more. Batteries are on sale, too, making it a good time to restock for flashlights or new Christmas electronic toys. Plus, snacks and delicious foods are on sale like Ghirardelli chocolate and Maine lobster ravioli. If you haven’t checked it out yet, take a look at Costco’s other sale: Costco Black Friday and Holiday Savings 2021.
Friendly Reminders: Costco will be closed on Thanksgiving Day (11/25/21). Costco will close early at 5pm on Christmas Eve (12/24/21).
Click on ‘more info’ to go to the individual post of that item.
All items are while supplies last and some items have purchasing limits! Happy Shopping!
Costco Coupon Book 11/22/21 – 12/24/21
Page 1
Page 2
Blink Security Camera Kit more info $199.99
Page 3
Page 4
HoMedics Humidifier more info $59.99
iRobot Roomba i8+ Robot Vacuum more info $579.99
Gerson LED Flameless Candles more info $24.99
Ninja Foodi Smart Indoor Grill more info $139.99
Sonicare Brush Heads more info $39.99
Design Optics Reading Glasses more info $12.99
Page 5
Calphalon Cookware Set more info $199.99
Page 6
T3 Featherweight 3i Hair Dryer more info $69.99
T3 Featherweight 3i Flat Iron more info $49.99
Page 7
Norelco Multigroom Trimmer more info $34.99
Philips Norelco Shaver 6500 more info $64.99
Page 8
Page 9
Page 10
Keurig K-Supreme Plus C Coffee Maker more info $99.99
Snapware Glass Food Storage Set more info $19.99
Page 11
Vitamix E320 Blender w/ Cup Adaptor more info $299.99
Page 12
Page 13
Page 14
Page 15
Page 16
Page 17
Page 18
Page 19
Page 20
Page 21
These special savings are available to current Costco members at U.S. Costco warehouse locations. These deals are not valid at Costco Business Centers.
Visit frugalhotspot.com to see what’s new and to check out deals from Costco.
Visit costco.com for some of the above deals at a delivered price and for coupon book policy.
All deals are while supplies last.
Costco Black Friday and Holiday Savings 2021
Costco Christmas Decorations 2021!
DOUGAN. Astrid Marie (Johnson) Dougan, 88, of Bonita Springs, Fla., died June 17, 1994, at her residence after a lengthy illness. Mrs. Dougan had been a resident of Bonita Springs, Fla., since 1988 coming from Manchester. She was a member of the Order of Amaranth, and the Order of the Eastern Star, in Connecticut. Mrs. Dougan is survived by her husband, Ward Dougan of Bonita Springs, Fla.; daughter, Mrs. Dorothy Clubb of Bonita Springs, Fla.; two sons, Richard Dougan of Sequim, Wash., and Roger Dougan of Burlington; a sister, Mrs. Edna J. Curtis of San Diego, Calif.; nine grandchildren; and eight great-grandchildren. She was predeceased by her daughter, Mrs. Elinor Hansen in 1988. Memorial services and burial will be in Manchester at the convenience of the family. The family requests memorial contributions be made to HOP Hospice, 8290 College Parkway, Suite 100, Fort Myers, FL 33919, in memory of Mrs. Dougan. Walter Shikany's Bonita Funeral Home, 1000 Bonita Parkway, new U.S. 41, had charge of arrangements.
Connecticut
Advertisement
DOUGAN. ASTRID MARIE (JOHNSON) DOUGAN
AdvertisementTrains in Baku are 59% cheaper than in Krasnodar.
A meal in Baku is 33% cheaper than a meal in Krasnodar.
Taxis are 9% more expensive in Baku than in Krasnodar.
Coffee is 22% more expensive in Baku than in Krasnodar.
Are you excited for an amazing trip from Krasnod!ABV: 13%
Size: 75cl
Closure Type: Cork
Country: France
Region: Burgundy
Sub-Region: Volnay
Wine Style: Medium Bodied
Grape: Pinot Noir
Description
Grapes come from the 65 year old vineyards from the village of Volnay in the Côte de Beaune, and especially from "Les Lurets" and "La Gigotte" vineyards, at the bottom of Volnay. Volnay combines breeding with nobility, delicacy, elegance and feminity. A delicate violet and berry fragrance. One of the finest representatives of the Côte de Beaune. The Volnay is in the Côte de Beaune what the Chambolle Musigny is in the Côte de Nuits. A feminine wine which is one of the only Burgundy Pinot Noir you can already enjoy and drink when young. FOOD: Roasted meats and various cheeses.
You may also be interested in
What is a Magnetic DPC?
A magnetic damp proof course (or magnetic DPC) is the latest technology to solve rising damp non-invasively, based on recent technical research about the mechanism of rising damp and accompanying electrical phenomena in damp masonry.
A magnetic DPC can reverse the rise of moisture in any building fabric without any damage or physical intervention to the masonry by reducing the surface charges responsible for capillary bonding.
Magnetic DPC system
Brief History
The concept of magnetic DPCs has been around in various forms for over 30 years. It has been developed by Electronic Engineers familiar with many aspects of building physics, applying their knowledge of Electronics onto damp buildings.
The original concept of the technology came from the medical MRI technology (Magnetic Resonance Imaging), a tissue-friendly body imaging technology which uses magnetic fields that interact with the water molecules of the body, instead of the more damaging X-ray radiation. Based on that a solution was envisioned to reduce the bonding of water vapors to capillary surfaces by means of weak magnetic fields.
Over the years various patents have been filed for both passive and active (unpowered and powered) systems. We have listed a few of them here from the Google Patents database.
Click on each title to expand its content.
This German patent from 2018 describes an electronic device that can influence capillary flow behaviour in masonry with magnetic pulses, by influencing the electrical potential of the electrical double layer.
According to the inventor, an electrical potential build-up occurs inside the capillaries on a continuous basis. The generated magnetic pulse train interferes with this, resulting in a reduction of capillary forces: "the magnetic pulse sequences influence and modify the surface tension of liquid in the capillaries in such a way that the weight of the liquid gains the upper hand and the liquid in the capillaries sinks and can flow down out of the capillaries".
This French patent from 2009 describes a passive (no power required) resonator type device, comprised of a set of electrical circuits, each of them made of a number of circular conductive concentric rings with opposite openings for the reception of telluric waves.
According to Lenz's law - an induced current in a circuit opposes the cause that generates it - these rings create a local electromagnetic field opposite (180° out-of-phase) to the disturbed terrestrial electromagnetic field, cancelling its action over the entire area of action of the device, which is about 10-30 m depending on the number and configuration of conductive rings used.
According to the author, old damp walls become dry within 6-18 months, after which the walls are protected from any capillary rise during the entire operating life of the device.
This French patent from 2008 is composed of 3 independent inductance-capacitance oscillator circuits for neutralizing electromagnetic wavelengths of telluric (Earth) origin in the VHF, UHF and microwave bands (30 MHz - 3 GHz). This invention is an improved version of a patent from 1988 from the same author, providing wider bandwidth and simpler construction.
This German patent from 2005 describes a powered device consisting of a flat Tesla coil placed in the vicinity of a damp wall (without touching it).
The application of a high-frequency weak pulsed electrical field breaks the attraction between the capillaries and water molecules, resulting in the water falling back into the ground under the effect of gravity.
This German patent from 1989 describes a non-invasive powered wall dehydration system composed of a pulse generator [12] and a passive LC oscillating circuit (resonator) [10] which is connected to an antenna, that emits low-powered electromagnetic pulses to break the capillary bond between the wall fabric and water molecules. According to the author, the range of the device is about 20 meters.
This French invention from 1988 describes two parallel oscillating circuits made of 4 spiral inductors, 4 capacitors and 4 rigid dipole antennas, mounted on insulating supports - the whole device being housed in a protective box permeable to electromagnetic fields. The unit also features an energy discharge circuit that can periodically discharge the accumulated energy of the oscillating circuits to the ground.
The device collects electromagnetic energy from the environment. its oscillating circuits create a reverse-phased field to the incoming field, which results in the cancellation of the osmotic pumping effect inside the wall capillaries. In addition, when the incoming electromagnetic fields are intense, some of the energy is discharged to an earth connection.
This US invention from 1980 presents two passive (unpowered) resonant circuits, each of them comprised of a spirally wound flat coil (inductance) connected to a capacitor located in the center of each coil. The two flat coils [1, 11] are mounted perpendicularly to each other, housed in a plastic boxlike container.
The energy of the apparatus is supplied from outside by the abnormally high electrical and magnetic fields (interference of stray fields) always present in areas of rising damp. This energy drives the two oscillatory resonant circuits, which according to Lenz's law - an induced current in a circuit opposes the cause that generates it - creates a local electromagnetic field opposite (180° out-of-phase) to to the incoming field that creates the capillary rise, reducing its effects - resulting in the dehydration of the building over the entire area of action of the device.
Although the idea that electromagnetic fields can affect the bonding of water to solid surfaces has been observed for quite some time, the underlying mechanisms has not been well understood. Because some of the underlying research has not been completed until recently, this exciting technology remained on the sidelines of science for decades.
This is not something unusual. Many important discoveries follow a 2-stage discovery process:
- Discovery by observation: a phenomenon is first observed, resulting in a limited understanding.
- Scientific explanation: following the initial discovery it can take science decades to “catch-up” and provide a full scientific explanation for the phenomena.
A well-known such example is the law of gravity, described by Sir Isaac Newton 350 years ago in 1687. Today we still don’t have its theoretical explanation, yet we know it exists.
Another example is the discovery of electrophoresis – the movement of solid particles in a liquid under the influence of an electric field – used for particle separation and modern DNA analysis. First observed on clay particles in 1807 (by Friedrich Reuss), it took science 100 years to provide a theoretical explanation for it (Smoluchowski, 1903), being implemented in scientific applications only in 1942.
Electrophoresis
The magnetic DPC followed a similar path of discovery: some of its basic phenomena has been observed in the 1980s, taking several decades for science to catch-up and clarify some of the finer details.
Recent technical research has not only achieved that, but also resulted in a much better understanding of breathability and the mechanism of rising damp, bringing more clarity into this subject.
Working Principe – Simple, Non-Technical Explanation
The working principle of the magnetic DPC can be summarized in a nutshell as follows:
The Problem
Old damp buildings contain lots of moisture in both in vapor and liquid form trapped inside billions of capillaries. Water bonds to wall surfaces due to surface charges - small electrostatic charges between water molecules and capillary surfaces.
Surface charges are not fixed, but variable. They are influenced by a number of phenomena, including the intensity of magnetic fields in the building. Higher magnetic fields result in higher surface charges and more capillary bonding. Lower magnetic fields result in lower surface charges and less capillary bonding.
The Solution
The magnetic DPC is an electronic system designed to absorb certain magnetic fields responsible for capillary bonding, discarding it to the ground via an earthing connection.
Less energy results in decreased surface charges and less capillary bonding, allowing water molecules to debond from capillary surfaces, evaporate out freely into the environment.
Magnetic DPC absorbing magnetic fields in the room, channeling the energy to the ground.
Once the magnetic DPC is installed in the building the moisture content of the walls gradually disappears, resulting in a significantly drier wall fabric.
By decreasing the surface charges, the magnetic DPC enhances the wall's natural breathabilty.
Working Principle – A More Detailed Explanation
The dominating force in the lower part of the walls (under 1 m) that determines their condition is soil evaporation. Water vapors from the ground from under the walls evaporate upwards into the porous wall fabric, leading over time to a natural moisture accumulation known as rising damp. The main wetting mechanism near the ground is vapor movement, not liquid capillary action as previously thought, as walls are built on damp soil not liquid water.
Unfortunately, not all moisture that moves into a wall fabric evaporates out. Recent research has shown, that even if the fabric is fully breathable (e.g. bare bricks with lime), a significant amount of moisture is permanently retained by the wall fabric and never evaporates. This is cue to the presence of surface charges inside the walls.
Surface Charges
Surface charges are tiny electrical charges (voltages) on the capillary surfaces. These charges attract electrostatically the flying vapor molecules, leading to moisture accumulation in the masonry, ultimately resulting in liquid moisture and capillary action. The liquification of vapors in the capillaries does not occur due to condensation (temperature differences) but because of vapour saturation (pressure) from the ongoing 24/7 soil evaporation.
Surface charges attract water vapors leading to moisture accumulation in the fabric
Surface charges are not fixed but variable. They are influenced by a number of environmental factors, including electro-magnetic fields present in the environment.
The Effect of Magnetic Fields onto Water
Hydrogen ions (protons) from water have a very interesting property: they spin around their own axis generating their own magnetic field. As a result they act as tiny magnets which can be individually influenced and re-oriented by any external magnetic field.
- Higher magnetic fields in the environment align the tiny "hydrogen magnets", resulting in stronger surface charges and a better bonding of water to capillary surfaces.
- Lower magnetic fields relax and randomize the orientation of "hydrogen magnets", resulting in lower surface charges and weaker bonding of water to capillary surfaces.
Hydrogen ions can be reoriented by external magnetic fields
Once the DPC system is installed in a building, its internal circuitry absorbs some of these fields, channeling their energy into the ground through an earthing connection. resulting in reduced surface charges and less capillary bonding. The moisture stored in the walls freely evaporates out and the wall fabric gradually dries out.
Magnetic DPC absorbing magnetic fields in the room
Internal Construction - The Circuitry
How does the magnetic DPC absorb magnetic fields from the environment and thus decrease the walls' surface charges? Here are some technical details about its circuitry.
Each DPC system is comprised of the following three main modules:
1. Energy Intake Module: responsible for the collection of electro/magnetic energy from the environment using a special set of aerials (spiral antennas), covering a very wide frequency band. The collected energy is then transferred through a hard wired connection to the electronic filtering module located under it.
Aerials (antennas) collect energy from the environment
2. Electronic Filtering Module: is a complex network of precisely tuned electronic filters (band-pass filters) realized on one or more circuit boards, responsible for the electronic filtering of specific frequencies that contribute to capillary action. These frequencies are absorbed by the circuitry and their energy is transferred to the ground via an earthing connection. Wi-Fi, mobile signals etc. are not affected at all.
The electronic filtering module's output. Certain frequencies (the sharp peaks) are filtered out.
3. The case: the case is permeable to magnetic fields, having both a functional and protective role. The case has an earthing wire attached to it connected to the ground.
The unit is not powered only earthed. The power is in the environment in form of magnetic fields that increase the surface charges and keep the wall fabric in a charged-up state. We need to "unpower" the walls from the surrounding environment to reduce the surface charges and capillary bonding.
Construction of the magnetic DPC
Here are some more technical details for engineers or anyone interested.
1. Energy Intake Module
The main role of the energy intake circuit is to collect energy from the environment. This is done by using passive (non-powered) spiral antennas.
Antennas (or aerials) are fundamentally energy converters which convert electromagnetic waves into electrical voltages and currents. In its simplest form, an antenna is a piece of conductive wire (copper or aluminium) in which changing ambient fields (E) induce a voltage (V) or current (I) through electromagnetic induction.
The antennas used in our magnetic DPC system are three-arm spiral antennas. Spiral antennas are special type of antennas invented in the mid-1950s, by wrapping the arms of a simple antenna around each other to form a spiral. This resulted in a very wide bandwidth antenna with a flat, compact construction, widely used today in the defence and communication industry in military aircrafts, GPS receivers, satellite communications networks etc.
Wrapping the arms of a dipole around each other creates a spiral antenna
The spiral antenna construction allows the system to collect as much energy as possible from the environment on a wide frequency band, transferring that energy through a hard-wired connection in the center to the lower filtering module.
2. Electronic Filtering Module
Research has shown that certain frequencies of the surrounding electric and magnetic fields are especially capable of affecting the movement of water and its bonding to wall capillaries. Water molecules being polar in nature (with one positive and one negative side), are susceptible to external fields. By eliminating certain frequencies, one can cancel the osmotic pumping effect responsible for rising damp – which is the role of the filtering module.
LC filtering network formed by two spiral antenna
The electronic filtering module is a network of precisely tuned LC band-pass filters, realized with two oppositely wound spiral antennas placed on the opposite side of a printed circuit board (PCB). Their fields intersect, forming a complex inductive-capacitive (LC) network. Due to its technical complexity, we are not going to go into further details of the filtering mechanism – the important point is that certain frequencies are filtered out and their energy absorbed from the frequency spectrum - thus eliminating the key frequencies that actively contribute to the formation of rising damp.
Here is a demonstration of the practical filtering capability of the filtering network, shown on the screen of a spectrum analyzer in the research lab:
“Filtered out” or resonant frequencies show up as high vertical peaks on the screen.
Notice the periodic appearance of the resonant frequencies as a result of the
precisely calculated and engineered filtering network.
The filtered out frequencies show up above as high vertical peaks on the instrument's screen, in comparison to the rest of the frequency spectrum (horizontal base line at the bottom).
3. The Case
The case is permeable to magnetic fields and it plays an active role in the functioning of the device. It is a passive cavity resonator (or microwave cavity resonator) that further assists with the filtering and suppression of certain frequencies, making the unit perform better.
The case works similar to the sound box of a musical instrument or an organ pipe, reinforcing certain standing waves in the cavity, acting as a band-pass filter, allowing certain frequencies to pass while blocking others.
Here are some photos of our residential magnetic DPC systems showing their internal construction. Larger commercial units are much more complex with additional circuits / components, but their overall working principle is the same.
Internals of a magnetic DPC system
Various cases and circuit types are being constantly tested in order to improve the efficiency of the system.
Finally, here are a few UK installations showing various systems fitted in different buildings.
Research Data
Here is some of the research data supporting the above findings.
Magnetic Fields and Surface Charges
Earth's magnetic field has ongoing variations that often arrive as a series of fast-changing high-amplitude magnetic pulses, known as magnetic pulsations, which can be captured anywhere on Earth with sensitive enough magnetometers.
Magnetic pulsations in a room
These magnetic pulsations (orange) penetrate the walls and generate fast-changing voltage and current variations with very sharp fronts, injecting energy into the wall fabric, leading to increased surface charges resulting in stronger capillary attraction.
Fast-changing current pulsations in the wall fabric
The reason why these transient effects have not been detected in damp walls earlier it can be attributed to a combination of several factors:
- Multidisciplinary knowledge: in order to look for and detect this data - in addition to architectural and building knowledge - one also must have a thorough understanding of Electronics and geomagnetic phenomena, seemingly unrelated disciplines to building sciences.
- large intervals (every 5-60 minutes). The variations described above are very fast, short, transient phenomena which can only be detected with very fast measurements. At slow sampling rates these transient pulses become invisible thus undetected.
Dehydration Effect
The dehydration effect of the magnetic DPC has been subject to extensive long-term testing through embedded micro-sensors taking consecutive readings from the soil, the depth and surface of masonry as well as the surrounding environment – monitoring the movement of moisture throughout the wall fabric.
Wall sensors in the wall fabric monitoring moisture movement
Before the installation of the magnetic DPC system in the building, the moisture content of the walls was slowly but consistently decreasing.
After the installation of the magnetic DPC things changed. The first changes have been observed a few days later when wall voltages started increasing first in the mortar (grey line), then in the bricks (red line). As explained earlier, decreasing voltages denote wetting (more liquid moisture in the walls - before the magnetic DPC), while increasing voltages denote drying (less liquid moisture and more vapors - after the magnetic DPC).
Increasing wall voltages in bricks (red) and mortar (black) indicate drying
Following the installation of the magnetic DPC, wall voltages (red) keep increasing, while humidity inside the wall (green) keeps dropping. The automatic trend lines show this clearly.
With the increase of wall voltage (red), wall humidity (green) keeps dropping
Summary
- Moisture from the ground evaporates into the wall fabric, gradually wetting the capillaries through combined vapor and liquid transport.
- Surface charges are small electrical charges on the surface of capillaries. Moisture bonds to capillary surfaces due to the presence of surface charges.
- Hydrogen ions in water are spinning around their axes, generating their own magnetic field, their orientation determining the bonding strength of water molecules to capillary surfaces. This can be influenced by external magnetic fields.
- Stronger magnetic fields align the hydrogen magnetic vectors resulting in increased surface charges, making water bond to capillary surfaces stronger. Weaker magnetic fields in the building do the opposite, they randomize and relax the hydrogen magnetic vectors, resulting in lower surface charges that make water molecules bond less to capillary surfaces.
- The magnetic DPC reduces the capillary surface charges by absorbing certain magnetic fields (frequencies) that contribute to the charging of capillary surfaces, by channeling their energy to the ground through an earthing connection. The reduced surface charges make the wall fabric more breathable, allowing more moisture to evaporate – even moisture accumulated long-term.
- Magnetic DPCs offer a non-invasive permanent solution to the problem of rising damp, which is one of the leading causes behind the decay of old buildings, worldwide.1Franzoni, Elisa. (2014). Rising damp removal from historical masonries: A still open challenge. Construction and Building Materials. 54. 123-136.
ReferencesEverything You Need to Know About Mascot Logos.Home/Celebrity Net Worth/Actors/Melissa Leo Net WorthActorsMelissa Leo Net WorthMelissa Leo Net Worth 2021: Wiki Biography, Married, Family, Measurements, Height, Salary, Relationships Edward Norton 84 Less than a minuteMelissa Leong net worth is $7 MillionMelissa Leong Wiki Biography. Structural InfoNet Worth$7 MillionDate Of Birth1960-09-14Place Of BirthManhattan, New York City, New York, U.S.IMDB SourceIMDB Wikipedia Tags Tags$7 Million 1960-09-14 Actor Manhattan Melissa Leo Net Worth Melissa Leong New York New York City U.S. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn StumbleUpon Pinterest RedditCLINICAL SERVICES
PARENT & FAMILY COACHING
Parents whose children (of any age) show signs of intense emotion or emotional dysregulation find themselves facing situations that they feel totally unprepared to manage. They may have a child whose behaviors include suicide attempts or self-harm, verbal or physical aggression, stealing, abusing substances or who may feel so anxious or depressed that he/she is unable to go to school, or work or leave the house. Parents may feel a range of feelings including sadness, anger, disappointment, frustration, helplessness, hopelessness, grief or despair. Pat provides a safe, non-blaming and validating place for parents to express their concerns while she also provides concrete and practical guidance and strategies for managing these difficult and painful situations.
Individualized coaching means that Pat meets with parents to discuss the specific behaviors that are so problematic for their child and themselves. While providing support and validation for the experiences of the parent, Pat provides ways that parents can understand the pain and suffering that lead their child to behave as they do. A focus on behaviors, which can be changed, helps parents to feel more hopeful. Pat teaches skills to parents that they can use to lessen their own emotional reactivity so that they can parent more effectively, in ways that will help their child reach the goal of having a more fulfilling life. Parents learn how to respond in ways that de-escalate difficult situations and that allow their child to feel more accepted and therefore, more willing to listen and change. While parents learn that they are not able to actually change the behaviors of their children, they learn that they can create an environment that supports and reinforces healthy behaviors, that lessen responses to unhealthy behaviors and that helps their child feel more understood. This environment provides a space in which communication and interactions with their child improve and their child is able to change.
From her many years of working with, and listening to, parents, Pat is sensitive to how painful life is for the parent of a child who has emotional challenges. Her emphasis on both parenting and the life experience of the parent creates a unique environment for parents in which their own feelings, perspectives and experiences are as important to the process as those of their child. While the goal is to help the parent create an environment in which their child can become healthier, a secondary goal is also that the parent learn to take care of him/herself and create a life that is also fulfilling, despite the issues that are effecting their whole family.
Based largely on a Dialectical Behavior Therapy framework, Pat teaches parents skills that they can use to enhance their own life while also using them to support and help their child and create a more accepting and peaceful home environment. Parents who learn to balance their needs with their child’s, to understand their own emotions and those of their child, who can find a balanced approach to their parenting, who know how to manage stressful situations and take care of their own emotional health and well being and who can use skills to calm their own emotions in difficult circumstances, find that they are able to parent more effectively and live their own lives more fully. Pat uses handouts and practices new skills with parents so that they can use them when difficult situations arise. Pat is also available during crisis or difficult times, for parents who are working with her, to coach via text, e-mail or phone so that these skills can be used in real time.
Pat tailors her sessions to the needs of the parents she is working with. Since every member of a family, and sometimes the members of the extended family, are impacted by an individual who has intense emotions or emotional challenges, at times discussions may revolve around how to meet the needs of siblings or explain to other family members. Periodically a sibling may attend a session (with or without his/her parent) to receive validation for his/her own feelings while also learning how to understand the difficulties their sibling is experiencing. Most importantly, parents and siblings find out that they are not alone in their experiences or their feelings.
Pat’s goal as she teaches “parenting from the perspective of the parent” is to help parents feel more hopeful, more empowered and better equipped to help their child. With the ultimate goal of a safer and healthier life for a child who has intense emotions, it is Pat’s hope that she helps every family member be able to live a calmer, more peaceful and fulfilling life.
Family coaching for siblings and spouses/partners
At times, older siblings or spouses/partners may also find that their lives, loving someone who has intense emotions, are significantly impacted by their family member. Siblings and spouses also experience a variety of emotions, including anger, frustration and hopelessness, and may be looking for support and guidance. Where other family members are also involved, such as older parents or the children of someone who has intense emotions, support, understanding and concrete guidance may help all family members to help themselves and their loved one. Pat has provided this validation and acceptance to siblings and spouses for many years in an environment where each family member’s experience is understood and becomes the basis of setting limits, maintaining boundaries and providing help to their loved one in a less emotionally reactive and more effective way. This support and guidance helps to empower all family members to take care of their own needs while also, when possible, helping his/her family member.
PHONE COACHING & INTERNATIONAL COACHING
Pat is also willing to do "Phone Coaching" if you are unable to get to her office in Rockville, Maryland. Pat can teach the skills and talk about strategies that can be used with your loved one in sessions that take place by phone. Pat provides international coaching and consultation. Contact Pat through this website to set up an appointment so that you can receive phone guidance and support.
INITIAL COACHING CALL
ONGOING COACHING
PARENT SKILLS TRAINING GROUPS
Pat facilitates Parent DBT Skills training groups which are based on the DBT skills training that is a fundamental part of DBT treatment for individuals who have emotional challenges. These groups are teaching/psychoeducational in nature meaning that there is no discussion of what is happening in individual families or what might have happened during the week; instead Pat teaches new skills, the participants practice the skills in the group and then they use the skills at home by completing guided homework practices. Parents learn how to do mindful practice, learning how to focus their thoughts and stay present in the moment, important skills for parents who benefit from staying present and calm in difficult situations brought on by behaviors of their children.
The group participants learn skills related to:
Mindfulness: focusing awareness in the present moment nonjudgmentally, learning how to make wise and effective choices.
Distress tolerance: managing stress in healthy ways, learning to accept what cannot be changed.
Finding a middle path: balanced and dialectical thinking and parenting, accepting different points of view: learning how to validate and use behavioral principles.
Emotion regulation: understanding and managing emotions.
Interpersonal Effectiveness: how to get their needs met while maintaining relationships and their own self-esteem.
Change takes place by learning and practicing these skills in a nonjudgmental and accepting environment and practicing them outside of the group.
Pat has been facilitating these groups for over 16 years and the skills are taught to parents in ways that help them manage their own emotions while also learning how to parent more effectively, finding ways to enhance their own lives while helping their kids to be healthier, safer and more skillful as well. These skills will help parents (1) lessen their emotional reactivity to their child’s emotional storms, (2) manage their own stress through calming and soothing activities, (3) find ways to increase pleasure in their own lives AND (4) learn ways to accept and validate their child while reinforcing healthy and safe behaviors in their home.
The group consists of 12 sessions that are 1 ½ hour each. Each participant makes a commitment to the whole group and the same parents complete all 12 sessions together. Over the 12 sessions, the skills become clearer as they build on each other and participants become more proficient at using them. At the end of the group, parents report that they feel less alone and that there is great support in knowing that others understand and share what they are experiencing, Parents also report that they are more balanced and less reactive and better able to help their child. Lastly, they acknowledge that using these skills helps them respond more effectively and less judgmentally to their child which creates opportunities for calmer communication and more consistent parenting, improving the environment for everyone in the family.
In the words of group participants
"The classes provided us many new tools to communicate and connect with our consumer son. One of the main objectives of the course is to enable participants to reduce or avoid conflict in relationships and thus enable more productive communications. Also we find we can apply the same tools and techniques to other relationship in our lives. There is some homework, though not enough to be a time burden for most people. Tho not required at all, I would recommend couples take it together when possible. That way you will both be on the same level and be able to talk more easily about and experiment with the concepts in between classes – not to mention help each other with homework. You have a “sounding board.”
"Pat is an excellent teacher with consummate command of her material. She will both lead the class and also follow when productive work is going on. Finally, the class brought together a group of people with similar experiences and problems which was a continual source of inspiration, information, anxiety relief, creative ideas, and most of all, friendship."
"...I just wanted to say your lessons have remained with me and I continue to review them and find them useful...Among the most important lessons that have stuck with me: Do not presume to know what is going on in the mind of your child (or any other person for that matter). Please keep up the good work."
Information for clients
Information for new clients
Click attachment below to view new client information
HIPPA information
Click attachment below to view HIPPA informationThe first cohort of IWA-Cranfield Scholarship winners have commenced their journey to become the next generation of water scientists and engineers.
Awarded scholarships by the International Water Association and Cranfield, the students will develop their technical understanding and business skills to become leaders in the worldwide fight to improve the resilience and sustainability of water supply and sanitation systems and protect the natural environment.
Selected from more than 500 high quality applicants, 14 full-fee scholarships were awarded by the University across three MSc courses: Water & Wastewater Engineering, Advanced Water Management and Water & Sanitation for Development.
Safe water and sanitation for all
Sharriff Irfan Ulla is one of the recipients of the scholarships and is studying on the Advanced Water Management MSc. He said: “It is my desire to take the principle of ‘water should be an essential right, not an entity of privilege’ forward by making safe water and sanitation available at household level and creating independent water management as standard practice. In a developing country like India, managing water is one of the most significant challenges. I believe that a holistic approach to water management practices will ensure quality water availability for future generations.”
Increasing the skills base
Professor Paul Jeffrey, Director of the Water theme at Cranfield University, said: “These scholarships across our full range of postgraduate programmes will help develop the next generation of leaders that we desperately need in the water industry, both in the UK and around the world.
.”
Nasreen Nasar is also one of the recipients of the scholarships. She said: “The Cranfield-IWA excellence scholarship provides an ideal platform to foster and equip future scientists and engineers to take on the current and future challenges in the water and wastewater sector. This resonated very well with my career aspiration, which led me to apply for it. By studying the MSc on Water and Wastewater Engineering at Cranfield University while getting involved with the IWA, I’m looking to be a part of a dynamic group of scientists and engineers who are at the forefront of redefining the concept and functionality of water and wastewater treatment plants in the context of a circular economy. It is truly an honour to be selected for this highly esteemed scholarship.”
Scientists and engineers at Cranfield are involved in a number of projects that are seeking technological solutions to global challenges of inadequate sanitation, reliable water quality for communities and the impacts of flood and drought on farming. The work on the Nano Membrane Toilet, funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, is just one example.
You can find out more about the next funded scholarships here.
Notes for editors
About the IWA organisation and with a membership in more than 140 countries, the IWA connects scientists with professionals and communities so that pioneering research offers sustainable solutions for a water-wise world. In addition, the association promotes and supports technological innovation and best practices through international frameworks and standards. For more information, please visit iwa-network.org.
About Cranfield University
Cranfield University is a specialist postgraduate university that is a global leader for education and transformational research in technology and management.Arcot House Care Home is the most recent acquisition of Doveleigh Care Ltd. Arcot House is a grand Georgian manor house in the beautiful town of Sidmouth that was originally converted into an old peoples home in honour of war veterans. Arcot House is registered for 23 elderly residents.
Dove Court is a beautiful, genteel care home set high up on the hillside with stunning views looking over the Axe valley towards Axmouth and out over Lyme Bay. The home is set out over three floors. On the first floor there are 10 bedrooms, of which 6 are en-suite. There is also a separate assisted bathroom and toilet.
Doveridge Care Home is situated in the friendly town of Colyton, also known as the most rebellious town in Devon. The building itself was originally a farm house before it was adapted in to a home for the elderly. Doveridge was bought by Doveleigh in 1996 who since extended it to its present size.
At Doveleigh Care Ltd we specialise in outstanding care for the elderly. This has been recognised by the fact that we were awarded “Care Home Group of the Year” at the 2017 National Care Awards and for each of the past 3 years carehome.co.uk has rated us as one of the Top Twenty Care Home Groups in the country. All of our homes are rated “Oustanding” by our regulators, the Care Quality Commission, a feat, we believe, achieved by no other care home group in the United Kingdom. Our aims are to make sure that each and every one of our residents feels fully cared for and supported throughout the day and night, whilst always safeguarding their privacy, dignity and individuality.
Residents.
Total Vacancies: 0
Questions? Call us now on: 0121 314 5003Event Information
Date and time
Location
Online event
Refund policy
No Refunds
About this event
Legacy Fundraising
ONLINE VIA ZOOM COST £95
TOPICS COVERED?
PARTICIPANTS
Staff members, volunteers, trustees or board members of charities, schools, not for profits or public sector organisations who are seeking to attract or boost legacy fundraising income.
Organiser NFP Workshops
Organiser of Legacy FundraisingDate:
26-28 September, 2018
Location:
Shanghai, P.R. China
The China Educational Equipment Industry Association (the CEEIA that has strong national links in both private and governmental education sectors) will organize the 2018 International Education Equipment Expo (IEE) in Shanghai, P.R. China. This event is going to be held from 26 until 28 September 2018. Further details are found at. This is an opportunity to expand your network with China’s education technology stakeholders and providers.
You can browse to the following link to get a feel of the level of Chinese dignitaries and experts whom might be joining:
The forum, as part of the larger conference’s education technology theme, supports the China’s Belt and Road Initiative. The larger IEE conference’s vision is entitled the Future Classroom and Future Learning. The organizers welcome anyone whom supports K-12 education policy-making and entrepreneurial K-12 education interests to or from those areas located on these modern-day Silk Roads as defined within China’s Belt & Road Initiative.
There is an option to give a workshop, showcase your services and products to the participating education experts on a small table (area: 3x3m).
Please express your wish to organize a workshop or showcase your services and products. Any selection and further information will be announced within the coming two months.
If you are interested in participating or you have some further questions, please send your communications via email to events@edtechreview.in
For more latest updates, You can join us on Twitter, Linkedin
The Latest EdTech News To Your InboxTransform your heart and change your daily habits
Build personal relationships with people in poverty
Take practical action to improve your ministry
Become a friend to people who are poor in your community..
This online course is designed to help you take the first steps toward building personal relationships with people in poverty.<<EMMA (Electronic Medical reMinder Application)
- Regular reminders of preventative services and medications.
- Reminders based upon dates and locations.
- The algorithm makes recommendations for screening/tests based upon age, sex, and answers to the ongoing questions.
Reporting
- Regular reports on missed services and health issues identified.
HRA (Health Risk Assessment)
- Ongoing questions to identify healthcare issues and missed services.
Drive Quality Initiatives
- Able to drive patients to missed services or quality measures identified by the health plan, health system or employer.
Geolocator
- Service providers are geofenced and patient will be reminded about missed services based on their present location.The American Heart Association (AHA) on Tuesday outlined 10 key features of a heart-healthy eating pattern.
The organization’s new scientific statement, titled “2021 Dietary Guidance to Improve Cardiovascular Health” and published in the journal Circulation, emphasizes the importance of overall dietary pattern, rather than individual foods or nutrients, as well as underscores the critical role of nutrition.HEART HEALTH KEY TO TYPE 2 DIABETES PREVENTION: RESEARCHERS
The features listed, the AHA said, can be adapted to accommodate certain factors including cultural traditions, food likes and dislikes and whether most meals are consumed at home or “on-the-go.”
According to the group, the statement reflects that a poor diet is strongly associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and death.
The importance of a total dietary pattern – rather than “good” or “bad” foods or nutrients – is emphasized, as well as the role of nutrition education.
The AHA emphasizes the importance of a total dietary pattern (iStock)
Eating healthy early in life and maintaining healthy habits are also underscored.
“We can all benefit from a heart-healthy dietary pattern regardless of stage of life, and it is possible to design one that is consistent with personal preferences, lifestyles and cultural customs,” Alice Lichtenstein, chair of the scientific statement writing group, said in a statement. “It does not need to be complicated, time-consuming, expensive or unappealing.”
BEHAVIORS THAT COULD CAUSE A HEART ATTACK
The 10 features that can help reduce the risk of heart disease:
- Balancing food and calorie intake with physical activity
- Choosing a wide variety to eat with fruits and vegetables
- Choosing whole grains
- Including healthy sources of lean and/or high-fiber protein
- Using liquid non-tropical plant oils
- Choosing minimally-processed foods and avoiding ultra-processed foods
- Minimizing intake of added sugars
- Choosing or preparing foods with little or no salt
- Limiting alcohol consumption
- Applying the guidance no matter where food is prepared or consumed
In addition, for the first time, the AHA summarizes evidence that addresses sustainability and enumerates several challenges that make it more difficult to adopt and maintain a heart-healthy eating pattern.
Commonly consumed animal products, like red meat, contribute significantly to greenhouse gas emissions that warm the Earth’s atmosphere and have the largest environmental impact in terms of water and land usage. However, the AHA highlights that not all sustainable diets are heart-healthy.
The association said that public health actions and policy changes are required to address societal challenges and barriers to adopting or maintaining a heart-healthy diet.
Some of those challenges include widespread dietary misinformation, a lack of nutrition education in schools, food and nutrition insecurity, structural racism and neighborhood segregation and targeted marketing of unhealthy foods and beverages to people from diverse racial and ethnic backgrounds.
“Creating an environment that promotes and supports adherence to heart-healthy dietary patterns among all individuals is a public health imperative,” the statement said.“The bigotry that they experienced in the Holocaust, we see that everywhere today—in America and in Europe. This film is about education; it’s about teaching your kids a better way,” said Guy Nattiv.
By JNS
Israeli government officials congratulated Israeli director Guy Nattiv for winning the Academy Award for Live Action Short Film on Sunday—the first Israeli Oscar in 41 years.
“Skin,” a 20-minute movie, focuses on hate crimes and their impact on a skinhead and two young children, one black and one white.
The elated Nattiv ascended the stage to accept his award, telling attendees that “I moved here five years ago from Israel,” adding “Lila Tov, Yisrael!” (Goodnight, Israel!).
“My grandparents are Holocaust survivors,” he said. “The bigotry that they experienced in the Holocaust, we see that everywhere today—in America and in Europe. This film is about education; it’s about teaching your kids a better way.”
“We dedicate this to our five-month-old baby, who is sitting at home with my parents watching this,” said Nattiv’s wife and film producer, Jaime Ray Newman. “We hope that you grow up in a world where these things don’t happen because people learn to love and accept each other.”
Israeli screenwriter Sharon Maymon also accepted the award. He told Ynet that “it’s exciting to realize a childhood dream and send a message about racism, parenthood and education.
Rivlin: ‘The Movie is a Gift to Our Children and Grandchildren’
Israeli President Reuven Rivlin congratulated Rivlin on Twitter.
“Congratulations to Guy Nattiv on winning Best Live Action Short at tonight’s Academy Awards. Dear Guy, all credit for ‘SKIN’ goes to you, Sharon and Jaime Ray, but the movie is a gift to our children and grandchildren and for the future we wish for them,” Rivlin wrote. “Proud to be Israeli! Mazal Tov!”
“This win is another story of the success of Israeli cinema,” said Sports and Culture Minister Miri Regev. “Nattiv,.”
Yisrael Beytenu leader Avigdor Liberman said Nattiv was “waving a red flag with his film in front of the troubling growth of anti-Semitism in the world. It is more food for thought for Jews around the world that only Israel is their real home.”
The last Israeli film which won an Oscar was the 1979 “Madame Rosa,” which won Best Foreign Language Film for its adaptation of the 1975 novel “The Life Before Us” by Romain Gary.
Nattiv’s full-length film, also titled “Skin,” is based on an 2012 MSNBC documentary about Bryon Widner, one of the FBI’s most wanted white supremacists, who changed his ways after meeting a single mother and her three young daughters. It is expected to be released later this!Stability anxieties have in fact been swarming considering that the earliest events of oils plus petrol industries, a lot of because of the worry of mishap. Nowadays, concerns are forget about just concentrated on the security and safety of employees even so furthermore on feasible problems to the atmosphere at the same time. Which means that also if you’re able to promote the security and safety of people in the case of a mishap, you might still need a tremendous disaster in your hands and wrists? It should not be refuted that this gas and also fuel market place could be a harmful one to operate in; fireplace, rise, fuel start as well as architectural failings can all lead to damages that will make important fatalities and also environmental damage. Hence the preventative measure which you founded are incredibly important as well as have to be paid out incredible emphasis at all instances, what’s a lot more, you must be consistently searching for stability technology.
There are a variety of polices of onshore as well as international setups in position worldwide that are made to keep up with the Roberto Casula, Eni senior executive field threat-free of charge, nevertheless these are sometimes less extensive as they are able be. A substantial element for this is actually the boost in development along with practical knowing that can currently use manufacturer-new opportunities for maintaining staff members along with their atmosphere less risky, in addition to it’s for the marketplace on its own to locate solutions.
Not just does buying company-new protection strategies and also improvements probably save lifestyles in addition to funds whenever it worries additional successful working methods, nevertheless it is actually a necessary motion for organization that want to have the ability to proceed attract skill towards the industry. To threat-free defend the way forward for oils plus gas, intense minds along with skilled staff is required plus it can definitely be tough to usher in these leads without the need of adequate proof that modern-day safety and security approaches have basically been identified and also conducted in which achievable.
Numerous strength majors at the center East are currently updating security and safety as well as exam routines as a means to expand the day-to-day lives in their existing locations together with staying in order to satisfy nationally and around the world requirement for potential. A collection of indoor along with external audits in addition to on-going analysis study right into what sort of conformity the field requirements are a lot of the essential areas purchased by huge business that plan to enhance their stability credentials. It’s furthermore essential to remember that while several elements of safety and security within the market depend on technological or technical stability, human being faltering is continually one of the most considerable safety and security dangers to battle. This indicates that time as well as financial loan should moreover progressively be bought aiding group locate brand-new types of learning about security and safety within the workplace in addition to requesting to just abide by compliancy polices.Intermountain Medical Center
At Intermountain Medical Center, we welcome the opportunity to work with local, national, or international media outlets to provide information that supports healthcare research and discussions around the world.
Requests for interviews with medical experts, researchers, or patients should be directed to our media team.
Breaking news and current events from all over Intermountain Medical Center.
Here is a helpful style guide and description of frequently used terms and acronym for media?Two Minute Toolbox: A Great “Step 1” For Choosing a Product to Sell on Amazon
If you’ve made the decision to start selling on Amazon, there are certain things you know and certain things you don’t.
The things you know: You want to run your own business, you want the convenience of selling products online without the headaches (and price tag) of opening a brick & mortar store, and you want that “passive income stream” that everyone keeps talking about.
Things you don’t know: What product you want to sell on Amazon.
Well let’s clear one thing up right now. You want to sell a product that will generate sustainable profit. Success on Amazon hinges on many things, but unfortunately the passion product that’s been a mental masterpiece in your head for the last few months is most likely not one of them (at least at first). Don’t worry, there is still space for creativity in your Amazon business, it just comes a bit later.
A successful product on Amazon is a product that Amazon shoppers are looking for.
So where to begin?
Black Box is Helium 10’s flagship Amazon product research tool and an ace up every Amazon seller’s sleeve.
Product Research: The Starting Line
Within Black Box, the Keywords tab allows us to measure demand by uncovering search volume, or the estimated number of times somebody searches for a product on Amazon in a given month.
Finding the right keywords is, appropriately enough, key to success on Amazon. If you can accurately predict what shoppers are typing into the Amazon search field before you choose your product, you have an opportunity to succeed remarkably faster than your competitors.
It’s something we preach here at Helium 10: You do not sell products… you sell keywords!
For the purposes of the below example, you will be seeing select, key filters. This is a sample research effort, not necessarily a prescribed strategy.
Before you begin, make sure you have selected the Keywords tab at the top (between the Products and Competitors tabs).
Search Filters are Your “Magic Wand” to Reveal Product Opportunities
As we mentioned above, a good place to start when looking for a new Amazon product is researching keywords by search volume.
Using the search filters in Black Box we will do the following:
- Identify keywords with a minimum of 3,000 and a maximum of 9,000 estimated monthly searches (search volume).
Keep in mind, there is no universal “magic number” when it comes to search volume. In some product categories, 1,000 monthly searches signifies opportunity. In other, more competitive categories, 10,000 may be the bar to clear. Customer demand and market reach should guide the parameters of your search.
- To further refine your results, make use of the Monthly Revenue filter. This gives you the ability to only search for keywords where the top products on the page are generating, on average, a specific amount of money per month. For now, we are going to leave this blank.
- Use the Price filter to refine results by average product price. If you already have an idea of your budget, this filter is extremely useful for keeping your keyword search focused. For our example, we will search keywords whose top products cost (on average) between 12 and 40 dollars.
- The Review Count filter allows you to search by the number of reviews for the top products for this keyword. Let’s keep our results to keywords whose top products have less than 50 reviews, on average. This helps sift out high-competition products with hundreds of established reviews.
- The Review Rating filter allows you to drill down even further to search for only keywords with top products displaying an average of under a four star rating, for example. For our example, we will also leave this field blank.
- Finally, the Word Count filter gives you the ability to define the length of the keywords you’re searching for. We suggest starting with a minimum word count of two. This is because many one-word keywords don’t carry a lot of buyer intent with them. In other words, if a shopper is only performing a one-word search on Amazon, they may not be ready to purchase. It’s the difference between searching “kitchen,” perhaps looking for broader inspiration on Amazon, and searching “kitchen utensils” or “kitchen storage” with a specific product in mind.
So far, this is what your Black Box product search should look like…
Moving to the Advanced Filters section directly below, select the product category you wish to see search results for. You may select multiple categories from this dropdown menu.
For the purposes of this example, we are going to run the search with only the above filters applied. Additional, advanced filtering may be required to refine the results you’re looking for.
Click Search in the bottom right.
Validating Results
Below, you will see your Black Box results. When you find a keyword you want to chase down on Amazon, navigate to the Action Column on the far right side and click View on Amazon.
This will take you straight to the Amazon search results for the keyword you’ve uncovered using Black Box.
Now you can find products associated with proven keywords that are getting high search traffic (more eyeballs!), a low number of reviews (less competitive), and that fall within your desired (average) price range (stay profit-minded!).
Use Black Box to create advanced filtering combinations and target high-performing keywords that your competition is missing out on. There’s a good chance these keywords will lead you to your next successful product.
It’s time to start tinkering.Georgia Motorcycle Accident Lawyer
Georgia provides motorcyclists with of the most extremely picturesque backdrops and scenery for riding in all of the great United states South. From historic plantations, to tranquil marshlands, freshwater ponds and spectacular coastlines—it’s not surprising that many call the Peach State residence. With 141, 000 licensed motorcycles and scooters on Georgia streets, motorcycle accident claims are submitted every day. BAM’s motorcycle solicitors tend to be here that will help you recuperate while making you entire once more. Motorcycle legislation varies in most state, and our Georgia injury solicitors will assist you to pursue your rightful settlement consequently they are familiar with how motorcyclists are often treated in such cases. After the lead of Russ Brown and Chuck Koro, our regional lawyers will combat relentlessly to be sure your rights are implemented and you also receive the highest possible settlement for your injuries and damages.
We at Russ Brown Motorcycle Attorneys constantly condone safe motorcycle biking. We still find it imperative to be aware of neighborhood State motorcycle regulations. Let me reveal a quick set of Georgia bike legislation, instructions and needs as stated because of the United states Motorcyclists Association:
- Helmets are needed
- Eye security is necessary by law unless your cycle has a windscreen
- Daytime usage of headlights are needed by-law; modulating headlights tend to be allowed
- No limit on sound level
- Muffler is needed for legal reasons
- Passenger footrest and seat needed if carrying a passenger
- Handlebar Height: optimum permitted is 15” above seat
- No longer that two motorcycles operating abreast in a single lane allowed.
- Protection helmet needed for legal reasons for all cyclists
*Please make sure you talk to the Georgia DMV web site for date traffic laws and regulations
Sponsored Activities
No sponsored activities.View all occasions all over the country >
DIFFERENT EVENTS:
HOT RODS & HARLEYS
MAY 23RD 2015
LITHIA SPRINGS, GA
6TH ANNUAL WOUNDED WARRIOR VENTURE CHARITY RIDE
SEPT 12TH, 2015
NEWNAN, GA
Motorcyclists have a friend in Russ Brown’s BAM network of Georgia bike accident attorneys. Our personal injury lawyers were chosen by Russ Brown and Chuck Koro for appropriate ability and success in winning motorcycle accident statements. If you think you’re in line for funds, don’t hesitate to call 1-800-4-BIKERS today.
Georgia Place:
1801 Peachtree Street
Atlanta, GA 30309
an arbitrary sampling of a few regarding the cities in Georgia that people offer:
- Atlanta
- Savannah
- Columbus
- Brunswick
- Rock Mountain
- Augusta
- Albany
- Athens
- Helen
- AlpharettaLink Live Streaming FINAL Thomas Cup Indonesia vs China - Thomas Cup Finals will be more lively, Team Thomas Indonesia will again compete with Team Thomas China in the finals of Thomas Cup. This Thomas Cup match will be the third meeting between Thomas Indonesia and Thomas China.
Indonesia vs China Thomas Cup semifinals Schedule
Also Read: finals Streaming Link
The Thomas Cup finals will feature four matches, including Indonesia vs China
Thomas Indonesia and China will meet in the finals, after Indonesia beat Denmark Thomas team with a score of 3-1 while China beat Japang 3-1.
The Indonesia vs China match will take place on field 1 in the first session starting at 13.30 local time or 18.30 WIB.
2021 Thomas Cup Finals Draw Results
INDONESIA VS CHINA
indonesia menangBalasHapus
pasti JUARAHapusHere at Tasman Canvas, we have made many styles of tent.
Rowan is a multi-talented tent maker. He has a Diploma in Tailoring and Design, but it's his experience which counts. With a practical mind for designing robust framing, technical skill on the sewing machine and an innate tendency to think outside the tent, he is able to create structures which are aesthetically beautiful, comfortable and will withstand all the elements can throw at them.
With a range of structures to suit all locations, styles and budgets, Origin Tents can find an existing design or tailor-make one that reflects your imagination.CBT best for social anxiety
Cognitive behavioural therapy is more effective than medication for managing social anxiety disorder, a large study shows.
It concludes that antidepressants should now be relegated to second-line treatment for this common and debilitating condition.
Furthermore, the research finds no evidence that combined therapy is any better than CBT alone.
Individual CBT also has a greater effect than other psychological therapiesMy best friend is definitely a four-legged one! King, my German Shepherd gets so excited when I grab his red leash to go for a walk! If you’re a dog walker, I’ve found the best app for you! Walk for a Dog is a smart phone app that donates money to local animal shelters every time you walk your dog. Donations to your local animal rescue can range from 11 – 25 cents per mile, depending on how many people have signed up to walk for that particular shelter. Basically, the more you walk, the more money you generate in donations! It’s a great, easy way to give back to the animals in your community—especially when you’re on a tight budget!
Start walking, start donating
1. Download the free app!
Related: 5 Ways to Remove Pet Fur from Your Furniture
2. Register
Enter your name and email. Then, select the shelters you’re interested in donating to. If there are none in your area, choose a location where a family member or friend lives. After clicking “Enroll” you should receive an email asking you to verify your account.
3. Personalize
Personalize the app with your dog’s name, breed, age and gender. My favorite part is that I can load my pet’s picture!
4. Start walking
Click on the app, press the “Start Walking for [your preferred shelter]” button and walk your pet(s). The app tracks your walk and credits the walk to the shelter in your local area. If you want to get really energized, get your fellow pet lovers to join and set a goal for how many miles each of you can walk each week. What a fantastic reason to get more exercise, right?!Ali Elbast, founder and owner of Aladdin’s Restaurant, came to America from Beirut, Lebanon in 1985. He attended Michigan State University as an English major, and Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio studying biomedical engineering. Ali worked at the CWRU hospital until 1990 before moving back to Mid-Michigan, where his wife was teaching at MSU. He opened a pizza and sub shop in Saginaw, which he owned until March 1996 when Ali and his wife opened the first Aladdin’s Restaurant. Their goal was to create a healthy and delicious menu, utilizing authentic Lebanese flavors and the freshest ingredients.
Offering a robust vegetarian menu was important to the Elbasts, so they made sure for every meat dish, there is a vegetarian dish. What resulted was the largest vegetarian menu in all of Michigan. Aladdin’s makes sure to separate the preparation of their vegetarian dishes from the meat and dairy dishes, so vegetarians can have peace of mind. Aladdin’s uses only the best olive oil, fresh meats and vegetables.
Ali is grateful for the many friends he has made since moving to Mid-Michigan. In addition to marrying his lovely wife here, the couple has twin daughters (Rachel, and Sarah). Rachel loves tabbouleh salad and Sarah loves to make life hard on her dad.
Today, Aladdin’s has two locations, in Frandor and Downtown Lansing on Washington Square. At either location, they feature their famous salad dressing used for fattoush salad, their garlic sauce and of course their four different stews - two with meat and two are vegetarian. Their meat is marinated in a tantalizing array of garlic and lemon. To top it off, Aladdin’s features a full menu of fresh raw juices smoothies at their Frandor Location.
Turkish coffee is always free at Aladdin’s. Delivery to Lansing and East Lansing is also available. Aladdin’s also has full catering options, contact us about your next business luncheon, family gathering or occasion of any kind.LEOPARD STRING BIKINI BOTTOMS FEATURES:
super soft, luxe fabric
fully lined, no see-through swimwear
sleek cut for minimal tan lines
a flexible, durable, seasonless staple
Our leopard print string bikini bottoms are sophisticated and sleek with just the right amount of boldness. Timeless and completely form-flattering, you’ll love our minimalist approach to swimwear that looks great and feels incredible to wear. As with all of our Ark Swimwear styles our leopard print sits on the most luxurious, smooth, body moulding fabric to create the perfect blend of style and comfort.
Feminine, curve accentuating and flawlessly designed, these thoughtfully made bottoms, feature all of our favourite design elements: sleek lines, luxe fabric and seamless stitching. Effortless to wear, the seamless edges blend perfectly with your body to accentuate your curves and sculpt your silhouette. Our double layered design helps your bikini to cling and lift in all of the right places and ensures you’ll never have to worry about embarrassing see-through moments. Quick to dry, we made our leopard print string bikini bottoms for smooth, easy wear and to remove the risk of dig in or discomfort.
Thanks to our ultra soft fabric and intricate stitching process your swimwear will look and feel incredible throughout this summer and for many summers to come. The thin sides allow you to adjust how you wear your bikini for versatile wear and even sun exposure. When worn high on the waist, our string bikini bottoms elongate and accentuate your legs. When pulled down over your hips you’ll have a classic low rise look. Featuring different gradients of brown throughout a traditional leopard pattern, our string bikini bottoms are a chic take on a high fashion favourite. Our custom animal print has been designed to suit all skin tones and is made for those who want to radiate confidence through stylish and contemporary swimwear.
We recommend pairing this piece with a matching leopard print bikini top for an easy elevated look. Each top is designed to be form-flattering, sculpting and is created with our signature premium fabric and seamless design. Varying in coverage and support you can select a bikini that fits your own unique style and shape. We love our string bikini bottoms matched with our Underwire Bralette, Minimal Bandeau, One Shoulder, String Bralette, or Minimal Crop bikinis. If you’re as obsessed with our string bikini bottoms as we are, why not choose a second colour or print for even more options and the flexibility to choose between bold print, vibrant colours and cool, classic and neutral tones. Our swimwear comes in a range of sizes. Use our comprehensive size guide to find your perfect fit or reach out to our customer service team..
Beautiful handmade Brugge lace. Cotton lace with soft linen center.
Style 240/30RL
$90.00 ea
Beautiful handmade brugge lace. Soft linen center with cotton lace.
Style 240/15RL
$45.00 ea
Lilly of the Valley and Wedding Bells embroidery. All cotton lace made in Switzerland.
Style 180/15
$30.00 ea
Known throughout history as "The Queen's Lace" this Alencon style lace handkerchief is made in Switzerland on soft cotton. Measures approx 12" square. It is a net type lace with embroidery, sometimes called "Reembroidered Lace". A classic for any occasion.
Style No. 1811
$60.00 ea
Style 1736
$150.00 ea
The most elaborate and unique of all our Swiss Laces. Both Guipure and Alencon lace combined along with little raised pockets creating a 3-D effect
Style 1890
$525.00 ea
A Fine Quality Swiss Guipure lace. These are getting harder to find as time goes on. This example is a Soft Cotton Center, Made in Switzerland with soft cotton lace. Measure Approx 11 inches square.
Style No. 1724W
$90.00 ea
All cotton made in Switzerland.
Style 1805
$45.00 ea
3" Wide, White French Calais Cotton Lace with Irish linen center. Available in all white or cream linen center. The lace is hand gathered at the corners and attached by hand to the Irish linen center by skilled artisans from the Island of Madeira. Limited stock as this lace is no longer in production. Finished size approximately 14"
Style 1763
$75.00 ea
Black cotton Swiss lace.
Style 1721
$30.00 ea
Ecru lace. Vintage pattern.
Style 1761
$52.50
Wedding Rings and Lace. This handkerchief has been in our line since our early beginnings. It has a cotton and linen center and cotton crocheted lace. The embroidered wedding rings make it a perfect bride's handkerchief.
Style 02071W
$60.00 ea
Lilly of the Valley and Wedding Bells embroidery with little "something blue" embroidery. All cotton lace made in Switzerland.
Style 182/15
$30.00 ea
Irish linen handkerchief with classic bell lace. A nice gift for the bride or for the whole wedding party.
Style 70/620
$45.00 ea
All cotton bell and lily of the valley lace. One of our finest Swiss Laces made with a wedding theme.
Style 180/14
$150.00 ea
38 for Kingman 1 August - Oriental Mystique (4 f ex Madame Chiang by Archipenko) got up in the dying strides to take the Prix Luth Enchantee (Listed, 2400m) at Clairefontaine yesterday for trainer David Simcock. The win marked the 38th individual stakes winner for her sire Kingman. She was bred and is owned by Miss Kirsten Rausing and ridden to victory by jockey Mickael Barzalona. Kingman stood at Banstead Manor Stud in 2021 for a fee of £150,000 (approx. AU$284,000).
37 for Kingman 31 July -Kingman (Invincible Spirit sired his 37th individual stakes winner when Save A Forest (3 f ex Bark by Galileo) took the Chalice Stakes (Listed, 1m 4f) at Newmarket yesterday. The Roger Varian-trained Save A Forest defeated Sayyida (Dubawi), who was previously undefeated in two starts this year, by half a length, and The Queen’s Portfolio (Deep Impact).
Kinross by Kingman wins Lennox thriller 28 July -A thrilling finish to the Lennox Stakes (Gr 2, 7f) at Goodwood yesterday saw Kinross (4 g ex Ceilidh House by Selkirk) surge late in the day to grab glory in what was a tight finish to a fiercely competitive race. Only a neck behind him was Creative Force (Dubawi) in second and there was a further head back to the third-placed Happy Power (Dark Angel). A hugely impressive debut scorer in 2019, it seems as though Kingman (Invincible Spirit) gelding Kinross is finally filling the potential he showed on that racecourse debut.
Image- KING OF COMEDY by KingmanA dense knowledge and business community
Ambitious start-ups and scale-ups. Leading multinationals. Top-notch universities with solid life sciences and biotech departments. Cutting-edge research centers and laboratories. Supportive cluster and government organizations… Flanders’ life sciences & health ecosystem is as diverse as it is driven by knowledge and innovation.
To enable professionals from all across the world to discover this business and research ecosystem in all its glory from the comfort of their own homes and offices, FIT launched Flanders360. This platform literally puts the region’s life sciences and health community on the map. It does so across the entire value chain: from R&D and education to validation, commercialization and internationalization.While you might not have the ability to manage the aspects that hinder your sleep, you can embrace practices that encourage much better sleep. Start with these basic pointers. 1. Stick to a sleep schedule Set aside no greater than eight hours for sleep. The recommended amount of sleep for a healthy grownup is at least seven hours.
Go to sleep and get up at the same time every day. Attempt to restrict the distinction in your sleep schedule on weeknights and weekends to no more than one hour. Being constant reinforces your body’s sleep-wake cycle. If you do not drop off to sleep within about 20 minutes, leave your bed room and do something relaxing.
5. Include exercise in your daily routine Regular exercise can promote much better sleep. Prevent being active too close to bedtime, nevertheless. Spending time outside every day may be useful, too. 6. Handle worries Attempt to fix your concerns or concerns prior to bedtime. Take down what’s on your mind and then set it aside for tomorrow.
To offer you with the most relevant and useful info, and comprehend which details is beneficial, we might integrate your email and site use details with other information we have about you. If you are a Mayo Clinic patient, this could consist of protected health details. If we integrate this info with your protected health information, we will treat all of that information as protected health details and will only utilize or disclose that information as stated in our notification of personal privacy practices.
Try getting daily sunlight exposure or if this is not useful buy an artificial bright light device or bulbs. Daily sunlight or artificial intense light can enhance sleep quality and period, specifically if you have extreme sleep concerns or insomnia. Exposure to light throughout the day is beneficial, however nighttime light direct exposure has the opposite result (, ).
Caffeine has various benefits and is taken in by 90% of the U.S. population (,,,, ). A single dose can boost focus, energy, and sports efficiency (,, ). However, when consumed late in the day, caffeine stimulates your nerve system and may stop your body from naturally relaxing at night.
Caffeine can remain raised in your blood for 68 hours. Therefore, drinking big amounts of coffee after 34 p. m. is not suggested, especially if you’re sensitive to caffeine or have trouble sleeping (, ). If you do crave a cup of coffee in the late afternoon or evening, stick with decaffeinated coffee.
However, some research studies demonstrate that those who are utilized to taking regular daytime naps don’t experience poor sleep quality or interfered with sleep in the evening. If you take regular daytime naps and sleep well, you shouldn’t fret. The effects of taking a snooze depend on the individual (,, ). Long daytime naps might impair sleep quality.
If you deal with sleep, try to get in the habit of getting up and going to sleep at comparable times. After several weeks, you may not even need an alarm. Attempt to enter a routine sleep/wake cycle specifically on the weekends. If possible, try to get up naturally at a similar time every day.
Melatonin supplements are a very popular sleep aid. Typically used to deal with insomnia, melatonin may be among the simplest ways to drop off to sleep quicker (, ). In one study, taking 2 mg of melatonin prior to bed enhanced sleep quality and energy the next day and assisted individuals drop off to sleep faster.
Additionally, no withdrawal impacts were reported in either of the above studies. Melatonin is likewise beneficial when traveling and getting used to a brand-new time zone, as it helps your body’s body clock go back to typical (). In some countries, you need a prescription for melatonin. In others, melatonin is extensively offered in stores or online.
Start with a low dose to examine your tolerance and after that increase it slowly as needed. Given that melatonin may change brain chemistry, it’s advised that you consult a healthcare provider prior to use. You need to likewise talk with them if you’re believing about using melatonin as a sleep help for your child, as long-term usage of this supplement in kids has not been well studied.
A melatonin supplement is an easy way to improve sleep quality and drop off to sleep quicker. Take 15 mg around 3060 minutes prior to heading to bed. Several supplements can induce relaxation and assist you sleep, consisting of: A natural herb with lots of benefits, it may aid sleep, relaxation, and tension reduction, however the evidence is limited.
Taking in a big meal prior to bed can lead to poor sleep and hormonal agent disturbance. However, specific meals and snacks a few hours prior to bed may help. Numerous people have a pre-sleep regimen that helps them unwind. Relaxation methods prior to bed have been shown to enhance sleep quality and are another typical strategy used to deal with insomnia (,, ).
An underlying health condition may be the reason for your sleep issues. One typical problem is sleep apnea, which causes irregular and interrupted breathing. People with this disorder stop breathing repeatedly while sleeping (, ). This condition might be more common than you think. One review claimed that 24% of guys and 9% of females have sleep apnea ().
If you’ve constantly had problem with sleep, it might be smart to consult your doctor. There are numerous typical conditions that can cause bad sleep, including sleep apnea. See a health care service provider if poor sleep is a consistent issue in your life. Some individuals question why they constantly sleep much better in a hotel.
However, some research studies show no negative impacts, so it plainly depends upon the individual (,, ). Routine exercise throughout daytime hours is one of the finest ways to guarantee a good night’s sleep.Nocturia is the medical term for extreme urination throughout the night. It impacts sleep quality and daytime energy(,). Although hydration is crucial for your health
, it’s sensible to decrease your fluid consumption in the late evening. Try to not consume any fluids 12 hours prior to going to bed. You ought to likewise use the restroom right prior to going to bed, as this may reduce your opportunities of waking in the night. Sick of tossing and turning in the evening? These basic suggestions will help you sleep much better and be more energetic and efficient during the day. How can I get a better night’s sleep? Sleeping well directly affects your mental and physical health. Fail and it can take a serious toll on your daytime energy, efficiency, psychological balance, and even your weight. Not only does the light from a television suppress melatonin, but numerous programs are promoting rather than relaxing. Attempt listening to music or audio books rather. Tablets that are backlit are more disruptive than e-readers that don’t have their own light. Usage heavy curtains or tones to block light from windows, or attempt a sleep mask. You may be shocked to know that caffeine can trigger sleep problems as much as ten to twelve hours after drinking it! Similarly, cigarette smoking is another stimulant that can disrupt your sleep, specifically if you smoke close to bedtime. Attempt to make dinnertime previously at night, and avoid heavy, rich foods within two hours of bed. While a nightcap may assist you unwind, it hinders your sleep cycle when you’re out. Consuming great deals of fluids might lead to regular restroom trips throughout the night. Nighttime snacks may help you to sleep, For some people, a light treat before bed can help promote sleep. For others, eating before bed leads to indigestion and makes sleeping more hard. A deep breathing exercise to assist you sleep, Breathing from your belly instead of your chest can activate the relaxation response and lower your heart rate, blood pressure, and stress levels to assist you drift off to sleep. Set in bed and close your eyes. Put one hand on your chest and the other on your stomach. The hand on your stomach must increase. The hand on your chest must move very little. Exhale through your mouth, pressing out as much air as you can while contracting your stomach muscles. The hand on your stomach should move in as you exhale, but your other hand ought to move extremely little bit. Tune in to any sensations you feel in that part of your body and picture each breath flowing from the sole of your foot. Then move your focus to your ideal ankle and repeat. Relocate to your calf, knee, thigh, hip, and after that repeat the sequence for your left leg. Pay attention to any area of the body that feels tense. After finishing the body scan, unwind, keeping in mind how your body feels. You must feel so relaxed you can quickly fall asleep. For a bedtime sleep meditation that utilizes deep breathing.
, mindfulness, and body scan strategies to help you wind down and clear your head, click here. Take a breath in, then breathe out slowly get up. If you wake throughout the night feeling anxious about something, make a brief note of it on paper and delay worrying about it until the next day when it will be much easier to deal with. If you suffer from sleeping disorders, talk with your health care provider about medications and organic treatments. Doctors do not normally suggest remaining on medication for more than a couple of weeks for sleeping disorders, but there are a couple of medications that have been authorized for longer term usage. The efficiency of natural remedies
, consisting of melatonin and valerian root, have not been shown for many people, and neither treatment has been approved by the FDA. The Better Sleep Council provides research study, insights and educational resources to help consumers better comprehend the relationship in between sleep, health, and lifestyle and discover how an excellent mattress makes it all possible. Do not take naps after 3 p. m, and do not nap longer than 20 minutes. Keep away from caffeine and alcohol late in the day.
Avoid nicotine entirely. Get routine workout, but not within 2-3 hours of bedtime. Do not consume a heavy meal late in the day. A light snack prior to bedtime is OK. Sleep problems are a special concern for teenagers. The average teen needs about 9 hours of sleep a night.
Children and teenagers who don’t get that much might have issues agreeing others. They may feel mad and spontaneous, have state of mind swings, feel unfortunate or depressed, or lack motivation. In addition to the sleep pointers for grownups, teenagers can also try: Avoiding screen time at least an hour prior to bed. Banning all-nighters( Do not leave homework for the eleventh hour!) Composing in a diary or on an order of business prior to sleep, to minimize tension Sleeping no greater than 2 hours later on weekend mornings than on weekday early mornings. Individuals in cancer treatment may sleep more than usual, or they may
have problem sleeping. Discover what clients and caretakers can do to help. As important as sleep is to how well we perform at work, in the health club, and between the sheets, it’s a pity it’s always getting shafted. About 50-70 million Americans struggle with a sleep or wakefulness condition, clipping the quantity of time they invest in deep sleep, according to the CDC
.”There are safe and efficient medication and non-medication treatments offered to assist,”Arnedt says. Here, we highlight 10 natural methods to get your sleep on the ideal track. Pick the most proper answer for each question: In the last 3 months, have you had a cardiovascular disease or heart ablation(a procedure done to manage an unusual hearth rhythm)? Concern 1/30 choose alternative, Yes, No Do you have recurring chest discomfort credited to your heart that.The evaluation of public health ethics, individual, collective and state with institutional, responsibilities and obligation during COVID-19 pandemics through online media reports in Turkey
Eubios Journal of Asian and International Bioethics 31 (2):124-136 (2021)
Abstract
Aim: The aim of this study is to reveal the convergence of public health ethics, institutional, collective, and individual ethics obligation during the COVID-19 pandemic and give some explanations with online media reports. Method: The study method is qualitative content analysis; this method was chosen as it would suit best the purpose of the study. The Turkish Medical Association, Turkish Public Health Association, and online newspaper articles and videos have been scanned using keywords. After that, related online reports and interviews have been classified and analyzed according to the context in between May 22, 2020 and November 16, 2020. No official ethical permission was obtained as the study was conducted through open access internet news sites. Results: The COVID-19 scientific committee and the Ministry of Health has suggested a new way of normal life called controlled social life for all places in Turkey. In the frame of these recommendations, with the Google research engine, many articles of online media including some announcements of medical and legal associations, interviews, and calls made by the authorities were selected and analyzed. These articles and interviews containing each problem and pieces of information provided for the common understandings of the society were selected and evaluated at three topics individual, collective and state and institutional responsibility and obligations. Conclusion: Although the warnings of associations, health authorities, and scientists are mostly about personal-civil responsibility, some occurring practices have caused violations. In addition, the level of education, perception capacity, and habits that include existing social-cultural and religious rituals have prevented people from adapting to this new style of life, in other words, controlled social life. Therefore, besides the original national culture and customs, universal ethical responsibilities and obligations should teach starting from primary school and should consist of whole life understanding as a higher perspective.
Categories
categorize this paper)
PhilPapers/Archive ID
SEVTEO-3
Upload history
Archival date: 2021-02-08
View other versions
View other versions
Added to PP index
2021-02-08
Total views
68 ( #51,897 of 2,454,404 )
Recent downloads (6 months)
26 ( #26,850 of 2,454,404 )
2021-02-08
Total views
68 ( #51,897 of 2,454,404 )
Recent downloads (6 months)
26 ( #26,850 of 2,454,404 )
How can I increase my downloads?
Downloads since first upload
This graph includes both downloads from PhilArchive and clicks on external links on PhilPapers.Biblio
Export 3 results:
Filters: Author is Ahmed M. Darwish [Clear All Filters]
2007
An Efficient Lossless Data Hiding Technique for Palette-Based Images with Capacity Optimization." In 14th International Workshop on Systems, Signals and Image Processing and 6th EURASIP Conference focused on Speech and Image Processing, Multimedia Communications and Services. Maribor, Slovenia , 2007."
A Quasi-Lossless Data Embedding Technique Based on Euclidean Distance Calculation." In The International Conference on Emerging Security Information, Systems, and Technologies (SECUREWARE 2007). Valencia, Spain , 2007."
A Quasi-Lossless Data Embedding Technique for Color Palletized Images." In IEEE International Conference on Signal Processing and Communications. Dubai, United Arab Emirates , 2007."Forecasting Technique, Planning And Management, Labour Force, HRP, Strategic Plans.
The key terms in this Human Resources course include Planning And Management, Labour Force, HRP, Strategic Plans, Canadian, Forecasting Technique, Trend Analysis, Nominal Group Technique, Delphi Technique, Scatter Plot, Planning, Regression Analysis, Ratio Analysis, Time-Series Analysis, HR.
Which of the following statements is true?
A) Currently, the fastest growing groups in the Canadian labour force are visible minorities and persons with disabilities.
B) By 2010, one in two Canadians will be age 50 or older.
C) Probably the most significant environmental factor in HRP in Canada today relates to dramatic changes in labour-force composition. correct
D) Effective HRP involves focusing on monitoring trends only.
E) The number of young people in the Canadian labour force is now increasing.
The first step in the HRP process, after the HR implications of the firmʹs strategic plans have been analyzed, is:
A) forecasting availability of internal and external candidates.
B) monitoring and evaluating the results.
C) forecasting future human resources needs. correct
D) planning and implementing HR programs to balance supply and demand.
E) job analysis and design.
Forecasting Technique
Factors that should be considered when forecasting the number and type of people needed to meet organizational objectives include all of the following EXCEPT:
A) projected recruitment figures. correct
B) projected turnover.
C) decisions to upgrade the quality of products or services or enter into new markets.
D) the financial resources available to each department.
E) quality and nature of employees.
Which of the following is a quantitative approach to forecasting?
A) trend analysis correct
B) managerial judgment
C) the nominal group technique
D) the Delphi technique
E) trend analysis and the nominal group technique
Quantitative techniques to forecasting include all of the following EXCEPT:
A) trend analysis.
B) ratio analysis.
C) the nominal group technique. correct
D) regression analysis.
E) a scatter plot.
Computing the number of employees in the firm at the end of the last five years is associated with which of the following forecasting techniques?
A) trend analysis correct
B) a scatter plot
C) ratio analysis
D) time-series analysis
E) regression analysis
A forecasting technique for determining future staff needs by using ratios between sales volume and the number of employees needed is:
A) a scatter plot.
B) time-series analysis.
C) regression analysis.
D) ratio analysis. correct
E) trend analysis.Easily manage all of your companiesin
one single database
Built on Microsoft technology
to allow a secure, scalable solution
Enable construction contractors to automate
financials associated with job costs.
Track, control and manage inventory
across all your locations.
Manage billing cycles easily for
all your subscription-based clients
Complete visibility into revenue
in the period it’s earned
With Gravity Software, you get the tools you need to grow with scalable features that can be personalized to meet your needs now and in the future.In this article, we will talk about the best places to visit in Darjeeling. And also why the place is called good. And we will also get information about those places. To see what’s good there. Darjeeling is a very good place where a large number of people go there to go missing there are some amazing things to see so that they will remember you every moment. Let us tell you about some places which are the best places to visit in Darjeeling.
Darjeeling Ropeway
Darjeeling is prestigious over the world as one of the most pleasant slope stations, where one can observe a horde of impeccable scenes, from the superb snow-capped mountains to the enchanting valley packed with verdant tea domains. Thus, the Darjeeling Ropeway winds up as a prime fascination of Darjeeling, giving its travelers a variety of awesome all-encompassing perspectives as they traverse the supernatural valley. If you are thinking of going to Travel in Summer, then you must also be thinking of booking travel. To make your work easier, we have given easy ways to book travel. You can book flights using our site American Airlines Reservations and get all the information related to the booking. Use the link provided on American Airlines flight booking to get information.
Built-up in 1968, the Darjeeling Ropeway is India’s first link vehicle framework, set up to take into account the tea cultivates in the valleys which didn’t have simple access. Today, it fills in as a pined for traveler hotspot, drawing in scores of sightseers throughout the entire year to encounter the magnificence of Darjeeling’s landscape in the most ideal manner conceivable. With 16 link vehicles, every vehicle obliges 6 individuals as it goes from the North Point in Singamari to the Singla Bazaar, arranged by the banks of the charming Ramman waterway, shipping travelers at an elevation of 7000 feet. The perspective on the various tea homes of Darjeeling, the falling cascades, and the grand Kanchenjunga makes this experience a basic to each traveler in Darjeeling. The gondola moves at a moderate speed, permitting voyagers some great open doors for some splendid photograph openings. At the base finish of the excursion, the link vehicle stops for some time, where voyagers may investigate the beautiful tea plants, or unwind at the little mountain bistro, before continuing back to the Singamari base station.
Darjeeling Himalayan Railway
The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway also referred to as DHR and affectionately called the ‘Darjeeling Toy Train’, is a 2 feet thin check train that passes between New Jalpaiguri and Darjeeling in West Bengal, India. The development of this 88-kilometer long railroad line occurred somewhere in the range of 1879 and 1881, and a ride on this training course has been a pined for experience from that point onward. An excursion in the Darjeeling Toy Train has astonishing sights with satisfying mountain perspectives and pass by towns and nearby shops in transit, with youngsters joyfully waving at them.
The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway gives critical vehicle interfaces between different pieces of the Darjeeling slopes and lower fields and is a bit of sheer designing imagination and vision. By what other means can a little steam motor force smaller than normal mentors up the precarious mountains by beating practically unfeasible bends and angles? This is maybe why the Darjeeling Toy Train was announced as a UNESCO World Heritage Site on 2 December 1999. Later on, two more railroad lines were included, and the site came to be known as the Mountain Railways of India. A ride on such a legacy transport is no uncertainty an unwinding and enchanting one but at the same time is esteemed in light of the fact that this train is the thing that once gave the first and most significant mountain transportation interface in the nation.
Himalayan Mountaineering Institute
Situated in Darjeeling, Himalayan Mountaineering Institute is perceived as extraordinary compared to other mountaineering establishments on the planet. Set up on fourth November 1954, the main role of this activity was to energize, upgrade and bolster the enthusiasm of the individuals in the game of mountaineering, and to channel the plenteous vitality of the adolescent into a profitable and self-granting sport. Hopeful mountain climbers from everywhere throughout the world result in these present circumstances establishment to build up their abilities. Other than being extraordinary compared to other mountaineering organizations on the planet, the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute has become a noteworthy vacation destination by virtue of its beautiful setting in the slope station of Darjeeling. The superb perspective on the 8586-meter high pinnacle of Kanchenjunga, the third most noteworthy top on the planet, from this establishment is really hypnotizing.
In the field of experience, the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute targets creating mountaineering as a game of logical and innovative interest. A mountain dweller doesn’t simply ascend mountains, he gets them. He feels the earth underneath his feet and spoils it. Mountaineering is a logically cunning game that needs concentrated preparation and ponders strategy, and this is the place this amazing establishment comes in. In the 63 years presence, the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute has prepared more than 45000 understudies including 2500 competitors from various nations of the globe. The rush of mountaineering; of ascending snow-clad mountains through the crude scene amidst immaculate nature is one that can’t be communicated by insignificant words. This is an experience of a lifetime and for a lifetime.
Darjeeling Rock Garden
Rock Garden is a wonderful cookout spot terraced with normal fall known as Chunnu summer-fall, found 10 km away from Darjeeling. It is otherwise called Barbotey Rock Garden which is encompassed by delightful slope stream alongside the slant secured with intriguing blossom gardens and guest plans at different levels. It is viewed as one of the most favored visiting goals for nature sweethearts going to Darjeeling. If you want to get information related to a booking or any kind of information related to travel, then you can get the information through the help of our Caribbean Airlines Reservations. Use the link Caribbean Airlines Reservations to get information. Aside from the spot itself, the course to Darjeeling Rock Garden likewise offers a brilliant sight where one needs to experience a picturesque excursion loaded up with rough slopes and greenery shared by sharp clasps and amazingly soak streets before one arrives at the extraordinary sight of Rock Garden which is situated between the mists with the relieving sound of Chunnu Summer-fall. The vacation spot is likewise encompassed by tea gardens and bloom gardens terraced with a tranquil lake on the top where guests can invest excellent energy and unwind after a long and tiring excursion.
Darjeeling Peace Pagoda
Situated on the slants of Jalapahar slopes in Darjeeling, the Peace Pagoda, or the Japanese Peace Pagoda is one of the harmony pagodas intended to build up solidarity, amicability and generosity among individuals having a place with various groups of society. Well known for its serenity, it offers staggering perspectives on snow-clad pinnacles including the Kanchenjunga top making it a perfect spot for harmony and nature darlings.
The Peace Pagoda was worked under the direction of Nichidatsu Fujii, a Buddhist priest from Japan. The establishment stone was laid on 3 November 1972 and was initiated on 1 November 1992. Structured by M. Ohka, it took three years to finish the development. The pagoda houses the four symbols of Buddha including Maitreya Buddha and was intended to unite individuals of various standing looking for harmony.
Happy Valley Tea Estate
Happy Valley Tea Estate is believed to be at an altitude of 6,800 feet in Darjeeling and land spread of around 437 sections of land, developing probably the best bushes of this magnificent beverage on the planet. It is the second most seasoned tea bequest in the tea-rich town of Darjeeling, with its starting points being firmly associated with the historical backdrop of developing and delivering the world-well-known Darjeeling Tea. The Happy Valley Tea Estate is an unquestionable requirement visit fascination for voyagers visiting Darjeeling as it offers a characteristic picturesque view with an amazing appearance of Himalayan lower regions. Nature sweethearts will think that its hard to leave the spot considerably in the wake of going through hours because of its exquisite magnificence encompassed with hundred and sections of land of Tea Gardens, entrancing climate, open mists and wonderful Aroma of excellent tea being created.
At this verdant wonderland, regard for nature is apparent using natural and biodynamic strategies for cultivating. One can take a guided visit through the fragrant manufacturing plant, seeing how crisp tea leaves are wilted, rolled, aged, dried, arranged lastly evaluated to deliver the various assortments of tea we find in the market, from conventional dark tea and green tea to increasingly dazzling claim to fame teas like Super Fine Tippy Golden Flowery Orange Pekoe. Otherwise called Black Orthodox Tea, this is one of the best tea mixes of India which is delighted in over the world. A tea-tasting meeting is additionally held at Happy Valley Tea Estate where amateurs are conscious of encountering the nuances engaged with recognizing the different gatherings of tea. One can likewise purchase the tea items from the shop in the home.
Monastries in Darjeeling
You should visit religious communities in Darjeeling to encounter the embodiment of the spot. There are heaps of religious communities spread over the city, all having their own significance. A not many that catch everyone’s eye is the Ghoom cloister, Bhutia Busty religious community, and Aloobari cloister. Ghoom religious community is popular for its 15 ft. high extraordinary statue of Maitreya Buddha. It is otherwise called the Sakya cloister. Aloobari Gompa would be a position of the decision in case you’re keen on both shopping just as touring. You can discover bunches of nearby slows down outside the religious community. The way that it is one of the most established monasteries in Darjeeling adds to its greatness. Bhutia Busty Gompa is another cloister arranged about a kilometer out of Darjeeling. This one is the most beautiful out all things considered. The holy place was initially situated on Observatory Hill however was remade later at its prOffering you a general perspective on four out of the five most elevated pinnacles of the world Mt. Everest, Kanchenjunga, Makalu and Lhotse, all in a solitary stretch, Darjeeling offers probably the best trekking courses on the planet.Hospitality, Agency, Big 4 Accounting… Sarah Blackmore has experienced all of them in her 13 years experience of Recruitment & HR experience. Currently she is the Head of People for Bench Accounting. In her two years with Bench, Sarah has been involved with taking the company from 80 people to close to 250 today. In her role, Sarah is responsible for developing and delivering Bench’s People Strategy as well running the day to day People Operations team who deliver a delightful recruitment experience, first class training and look after all things employee engagement.
Share This SpeakerLecture
Launch of 3al-Janib
3al-Janib (‘ala -l-janib or ‘on the side’) tells stories from the margins about moments where the world around us can be reimagined differently. These liminal moments, when individuals or groups decide to bend formal regulations and rethink the use of resources around them, are moments where new social relations and knowledge are forged, and alternative conceptualisations of a brighter future are introduced.
The newspaper format allows for the drafts and the notes that are already present in the different research projects on which the publication builds, and which were part of a collaborative effort by partners in Morocco, Egypt, Palestine and Germany entitled Liminal Spaces as Sites of Socio-Cultural Transformation and Knowledge Production in the Arab World (funded by Volkswagen Foundation). The newspaper introduces three thematic axes: 1. Other Voices from the Cultural Field, 2. The Politics of Solidarity and Disintegration, 3. Agencies of (Im-)Mobility.
In the event we introduce 3al-Janib and five young researchers will present their interventions. We will then open the floor for discussion.
Presenters: Ahmad Jaber (Palestinian Author, Budapest), Hakeem Khater (Palestinian Writer and Author,Ramallah), Nohayer Lotfy (The British University of Egypt), Dina Oleimy (Cairo University), Dorota Woroniecka-Krzyżanowska (German Historical Institute of Warsaw)
The event will be moderated by Randa Aboubakr (Cairo University).
To join, please follow the Zoom link in the Facebook event: (Meeting ID: 963 2120 6519).
Details
A. M. Qattan Foundation / Online!
2 thoughts on “Third Trimester Tirade”
So, now that I have ventured into the wonderful world of FB, I just had to click on your page and see what's new… as I have not been the best friend that I should be and check in on you regularly 😦 And then I saw your blog and had to jump inside the wonderful world of Robin (it's like you knew I needed to catch up and you were already ready for me!)…I love that you have the time to look into these challenging issues and come up with what might be your game plan for the day of. I also think it is crazy for anyone to tell you how you should handle your personal business, especially when it regards the absolute most beautiful moment of your pregnancy. I had briefly talked with Garrett regarding my hopes and fears for the day of delivery… you know like how I wanted to go for as long as possible before discussing the option of an epidural… and how I truly did not want a c-section. But when it all came down to it, after 5 hours of induced labor and slight complications with my little guy, I was just happy that (…like you said) I was in the most capable hands of the medical staff and the big man Himself; I knew I didn't have any reason to truly worry about anything. And it was like everything else, aside from the health of Lincoln and myself, I just really didn't stress about it. Plus, nobody can tell you how you will handle the pain of birthing or even how long delivery will actually be, so for the most part, it'll be play-by-play when it's actually in motion and your birthing plan will be a great guide if everything works out perfectly.I have to say the day Lincoln was born, while it was all happening, I was loving every minute of it. Yea the pain sucks, but it is the most raw and amazing experience I have ever had. And when I first heard Mr. Lincoln's tiny little cries as the doctor pulled him from my belly, it was the most wonderfully emotional moments of my life; it was a magical moment for both me & Garrett.Parenthood is absolutely incredible and you & Mark will be amazing!
Me love you long time!Welcome back to Weekend Music Share.
Last week I shared a song that included the harpsichord, a musical instrument you don’t often hear played.
This week I’m sharing a song that features the piano, a favourite musical instrument I enjoy listening to.
‘Hold My Hand’, by Jess Glynne, entered the UK singles chart in March 2015 and went straight to number one, where it stayed for three weeks. The song was also an international hit, although not as successful as it was in the UK.
In the U.S.A, the song only managed to make it to number 86 on the Billboard Hot 100, but it became a top 20 hit in 11 other countries.
This week, share a song that features a favourite musical instrument..
39 thoughts
Sorry to read this was so low on the US charts, Hugh, such a cool song! The stuff that passes for music they play on the radio these days that reaches #1 is staggering! Like you I rarely listen to radio, preferring to stick with Spotify and curated playlists!
I sometimes think it’s all about ‘who you know’ rather than ‘who you don’t’ when it comes to whether music is played a lot on the radio to promote it, Terri. I guess that money is also involved. It’s strange how what is popular in one country, is not as popular in another. Sometimes there’s is a huge divide.
Great song and I love the video which I’ve never seen before.
Thanks, Mary. I’m glad you enjoyed it. I love the video too.
Great song, Hugh. I must admit I’m a bit out of touch with recent music. This one’s got quite a catchy tune and interesting piano work.
I’m a bit out of touch with modern music, too, Norah. I only knew of this song because it gets played on my favourite radio station. I’m glad they played it because they usually play music from the 1960s to the end of the 1990s.
I love the piano in it. I only wish I could play the piano like that.
I’d love to play the piano too. Do you play at all, Hugh? I tried to learn on a little keyboard once, but wasn’t particularly good and gave it away to focus on other things.
The only thing I can play on the piano is ‘Chopsticks’, Norah. I can’t seem to get my fingers to coordinate at the same time. I was never any good at learning to play a musical instrument. The only one I seemed to excel at was the xylophone. 😀
Just lovely Hugh! It’s good to see the songs others have enjoyed too. I’m not sure what I’d choose but I’ll have a think.
Glad you enjoyed it, Debbie. I love listening to the songs and pieces of music others share in this feature too. It’s even resulted in me downloading some new albums. Join in when you can, there’s no pressure too.😀
Very rare that a modern song makes me sit up and take notice but this certainly did! Good tune, meaningful lyrics and what a marvellous voice she has!
Thanks, Mark. I agree she has a great voice, doesn’t she? She’s had quite a few hits since, but ‘Hold My Hand’ is my favourite of hers.
This is such a beautiful song, Hugh. Thank you for sharing it. Piano is my absolute favourite instrument as well.
I could listen to somebody playing the piano all day, Donna. My niece plays the piano, and it’s sheer joy to hear her play.
Hugh, once again, I never heard that song before but I just loved it.
I’m glad you enjoyed it, Debby. It’s a song I often play, not to dance to, but more to write to (when I’m looking for something to inspire me while writing a fast-paced part of a story).
And I can see why! 🙂
Jess Glynn has a very powerful voice! I had not heard her before. I’m glad you said there was a harpsichord playing as I would have missed it focusing completely on her. The duet with violin, guitar and piano that Brian Dean Powers shared was also beautiful. It made me think about how much I love the violin. I’m going to try to share a link to Joshua Bell playing Mozart’s Laudate Dominum. It is gorgeous and comes from an album he did called ‘voice of the violin.’
Thanks for sharing that lovely piece of music with us, Molly. Such a relaxing tune to listen to, especially on a Sunday morning.
I agree with you about the song choice that Brian shared. Both pieces of such beautiful music and song.
The violin is probably the closest instrument to the human voice. It can add so much warmth to a song, as in this duet from Dear Evan Hansen. It’s a boy/girl duet in the musical, but here it is reimagined.
What an absolutely beautiful song, Brian. One I’ve never heard before. Watching the video almost bought a tear to my eye. Thanks so much for sharing it with us.
I love listening to piano music as well.
My niece plays the piano, and I love listening to her play. I only wish I had learned to play the keyboards. I suppose, there’s still time.
Not a bad song, Hugh. Not my favourite favourite because I love 80’s music but I do remember this one.
’80s music is my favourite, too, Robbie. I could have made this whole fetaure ’80s music, but have only had one song from that era so far. More to come, though.
A new song for me, I enjoyed it very much.
Pleased to have introduced it to you, Cathy.
Great song choice and I just love her voice. Checked out a couple other videos too. Thanks for sharing!
I’ve done the same with some of the shares on other #WeekendMusicShare posts. I’ve even ended up downloading some new albums to listen to.
She is so talented!
Yes, I completely agree. A wonderful singing voice.
Love this song, in fact I think I’ve loved everything Jess has done 😊 good choice
She’s definitely a talented singer, Sam. I love her voice. This song is my favourite of hers…so far.
Love this song love the video great choice Hugh !
Thanks, Willow. It’s one of my favouites that includes the piano.
It’s great Hugh 🙂Hamid Ba'eidinejad, a member of Iran’s nuclear negotiating team, said the IAEA “explicitly and absolutely declares at the end of the report that it has not found any sign of diversion” in the program.
The report “has verified the peaceful nature of Iran’s nuclear program in the strongest possible terms, with no caveats,” Ba'eidinejad wrote on his Instagram page..
0 نظرCoronavirus warning: Mass use of hand gels could CREATE unstoppable superbugs - expert
THE mass use of hand gels to fight coronavirus could create unstoppable superbugs, researchers warn.
Lockdown: UK must 'live with coronavirus' claims expert.
His research, published in the American Journal of Biomedical Science and Research and to be presented at a leading conference on superbugs, this autumn is likely to raise alarm among public health officials who have been advocating widespread use of gels to combat the spread of the disease.
Hand sanitisers sold out across the world in the early months of the pandemic and are now routinely used by the public as well as being given out to shoppers and those visiting public places.
Dr Kemp, who has authored 22 papers on sanitisation over the last three years, said gels should no longer be so heavily relied on to help tackle the covid-19 pandemic.
Hand gel use could breed a coronavirus superbug (Image: Getty)
Efforts should instead be focused on encouraging handwashing, where bugs are rinsed away with water.
He said: “Hand gels should only be used as a last resort and as a short term temporary measure or stop gap if soap and water are not available.
“Claims on many hand gels that they kill 99.9 percent of bacteria are misleading. I am not aware of any hand sanitiser that has been tested against all species of bacteria. What they actually mean is that they kill 99.9 percent of the bacterial species they tested against.. These will be in a residue of sugar and protein. “Some species of bacteria can thrive on this.
“Recent research shows the surviving bugs which are not killed by alcohol gels are themselves highly dangerous pathogens and may increase in numbers. This means our routine use of gels could ultimately cause us more harm than good.”
The World Health Organisation recommends washing hands regularly with soap and water. It suggests using an alcohol-based handrub “if you don’t have immediate access to soap and water”.
Alcohol such as isopropanol dissolves the fatty membrane that surrounds each bacterium. Without these protective walls their proteins fall apart and they die.
The WHO has suggested that there is no proof that sanitiser leads to superbugs. But studies, including one in 2018, have shown bacteria are becoming increasingly resilient to alcohol.
Dr Kemp added: “We come into contact with bacteria and viruses every day of our lives, our immune systems fight them off, so we don’t even realise it most of the time.
“Over using disinfectants in this way will be a key factor in leading us to a potential armageddon scenario, widely accepted by scientists, that over the next two or three decades we will no longer be able to safely perform routine operations such as hip replacements because we have multi disinfectant resistant bacteria alongside our antibiotic drug resistant bacteria.
People come into contact with bacteria every day via social contact (Image: Getty)
“Not only are we increasing the risk of these problems across the globe by overusing hand gels, we may also not be doing anything against the spread of Covid-19. It seems pointless spending billions on antibiotics, if the resistance to them comes from poor use of chemical disinfectants and hand sanitisers.”
He blamed part of the problem on the fact there has been little funding available for the development of new disinfecting chemistries and also limited research in funding in test methods for surfaces and skin sanitation.
Dr Kemp will present his findings at the International Conference on Antimicrobial Resistance conference in Amsterdam next October.
Professor Jorgan Serup, a leading skin expert at the Bispebjerg University Hospital, Copenhagen, Denmark, and President of the Danish Atopic Eczema Association also said alcohol can damage children's hands.
The alcohol in hand gels can harm children's hands (Image: Getty)
He said the use of sanitizer and frequent handwashing is a "recognised risk of active eczema which moisturizer cannot repair effectively."
Research into hand gels is ongoing.
Scientists recently developed a new hand and surface disinfectant which is based on hypochlorous acid - part of the body’s own immune system. Bright Water is believed to kill viruses and bacteria without increasing the risk of resistance.
A Department of Health spokeswoman said: “The most effective means of preventing the spread of this virus remains to stay alert, follow social distancing rules, wash your hands regularly and wear a face covering in enclosed public spaces.”Dental nervousness and odontophobia – excessive concern of receiving dental therapy and care – are extraordinarily frequent and never only for Britons. Worldwide surveys carried out earlier than the pandemic reveal about 50 per cent of us felt anxious when considering a go to to the dentist. During the last 12 months, nevertheless, this determine has risen dramatically. Analysis carried out by Westfield Well being discovered on-line searches asking “Why am I fearful of the dentist?” have elevated by 250 per cent.
Reluctance to go to the dentist isn’t shocking. Chances are you’ll expertise discomfort and a key trigger of hysteria is feeling you may’t simply let the dentist know if that discomfort is rising.
Dentists now must take extra precautions and impose higher restrictions round visits. This has restricted the variety of appointments they’ll supply, so most of us have missed our routine check-ups. Sadly, this has solely made it extra doubtless it’s possible you’ll want therapy, creating much more concern and apprehension.
With entry to dental care steadily changing into simpler, it’s vitally necessary to e book an appointment to see your dentist. In the event you’re feeling extra anxious than ordinary about this, what are you able to do to assist your self?
Begin right this moment studying how one can chill out. Recognising while you’re changing into tense and understanding how one can calm your self will assist while you see the dentist and in different methods as effectively, encouraging good sleep, higher digestion and lifting your temper. Select whichever methods go well with you – yoga (particularly yoga nidra), gradual regular respiratory or a leisurely stroll in nature. Practise each day.
Once you converse to the receptionist, ask them what security measures they’re taking and what recommendation they’ll supply that will help you put together. Ask them to let the dentist know you’re feeling significantly anxious. Good dentists will reply by explaining every step they take clearly and calmly, and by providing you a “stop-signal” – a simple manner so that you can allow them to know if the ache is rising. Some have already taken extra measures to create a relaxed ambiance by putting in softer lighting, creating cheerful wall ornament and offering calming background music.
Once you arrive, count on to see the dentist in additional protecting gear than you’re used to. If it’s a cold day, carry loads of layers: dentists must open home windows to maintain air shifting, so it will possibly really feel chilly which might make you tense up. Keep away from an excessive amount of caffeine beforehand lest that makes you are feeling jittery. Some individuals prefer to carry a squeeze ball to control or take heed to calming music on their telephone whereas ready.
Arrive solely simply earlier than your appointment in order to not enable further time to fret.
Lastly, you probably have a companion or pal you may ask to accompany you or meet you on the surgical procedure and wait exterior, you’ll really feel higher for the help. Don’t suppose it’s an excessive amount of to ask – in any case, you may supply to do the identical for them when it’s their flip.
Linda Blair is a medical psychologist
Discussion about this postMerlin Players ‘Brighton Beach’ Final Weekend
Merlin Players Professional Theatre opened their 27th season with the Neil Simon comedy "Brighton Beach Memoirs."
Their final performances of the hilarious play are this weekend. Thursday, October 28, 2021 through Saturday, October 30, 2021.
All performances are at the Paradise Center for the Arts in Faribault. The curtain rises at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Julianna Skluzacek, Merlin Players Artistic Director is directing the play. She was joined on a recent KDHL AM Minnesota program by Rion Cloutier of Medford who plays the lead charachter Eugene.
"Brighton Beach Memoirs" reflects the story of Neil Simon himself and his years growing up in Brooklyn, New York. Eugene is 15 years old and is having a difficult time maturing as he discovers girls and begins to understand the tensions in the world around him in 1937. It is a funny, heartwarming story.
Other cast members include, Paul Somers, Sydney Place Sallstrom both of Minneapolis, Kim Schaufenbuel of Owatonna, Caroline Drenth, Abby Cloutier (Rion's sister) and Zeke Brooks of Faribault.
Tickets are available online at paradisecenterforthearts.org or call the box office at 507-332-7372 during their hours Wednesday through Friday, Noon to 5:00 p.m. and Saturday, 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. or an hour before each performance.
Due to the current high infection rate in Rice County the Merlin Players Board of Directors have implemented some guidelines to protect audience and cast members.
Proof of vaccine or a negative COVID test within 72 hours upon entering the theater is required. Masks will also be required in all areas of the theater.
The performers and theater volunteers have been mandated to receive vaccinations.
Details on how you can get a COVID test is on the Merlin Players website.
You can listen to a podcast of the AM Minnesota program below.
The movie adaptation made Matthew Broderick a star.
This seems appropriate to provide here.
Answers to 25 common COVID-19 vaccine questions
Check this out.
LOOK: The most famous actress born the same year as you
You might also be interested in this.
LOOK: The Most Famous Actor Born Every YearThis classy yet affordable baby full month gift box allows you to select your preferred choice of treats. Celebrate the birth of your baby in style without breaking the bank.
WHAT'S INCLUDED?
Food Items
Choose 2 items from:
- Good Luck Red Eggs (2 pcs) 红鸡蛋（2个）
Hard boiled eggs dipped in red food dye. Red symbolises luck and happiness. The roundedness).
- Handcrafted Nougats (1 bottle) 牛轧糖（1瓶）
Soft and delicate nougat squares brimming with cashews, pistachios, cranberries, sesame seeds and oatmeal. Unlike traditional nougats, these handmade treats are gentle to the bite and won't get stuck in your teeth. Available in Original, Rose, Matcha and Coffee flavours.
Packaging
- Kebaya Gift Box
In gorgeous shades of royal blue and crimson red, this unique 15.Showing 1 to 1 out of 1 results
- TextEEBO-TCP (Phase 2)Date of publication:
1545Description:Title from STC (2nd ed.), imprint from colophon. Second sermon is by Cuthbert Scott--Cf. DNB XVII, 953. Head-piece, tail-piece, initials. Signatures: B-I⁸, K¹⁰. Imperfect: preliminaries lacking. Begins with B₁. Reproduction ...This item contains 4 files (415.35 KB).Publicly AvailableIndia and Myanmar Relationship Is Necessary for Growth and Security of Both.Introduce movie want to send the photo only uploads it. The receiver have only to start App to see and download it. Have you had an experience where someone said to you, "I'll send this photo later" but you couldn't get the photo? "Kiss" allows you
Downloads:.The Best Dressed Celebrities At The 2019 Golden Globes
The 2019 Golden Globes saw big surprises, including Bohemian Rhapsody’s big win for Best Motion Picture, but the red carpet style was characterized by classic Hollywood elegance. From glamorous gowns to sequinned ensembles and sharp pantsuits, celebrities opened awards season in their best. Scroll through some of our favorite fashion looks below.
1 Sandra Oh
Co-host Sandra Oh was picturesque in a white Versace gown before taking the stage, where she also accepted the award for her role in Killing Eve.
2 Julia Roberts
The Homecoming actress looked sharp in Stella McCartney, layering a tulle dress over black trousers.
3 Constance Wu
The Crazy Rich Asians star knew early on she wanted to work with an Asian-American designer for the Golden Globes. She chose this custom Vera Wang tulle gown with a sexy, sheer corset bodice.
4 Lady Gaga
Leave it to Lady Gaga to make a sartorial statement on the red carpet. She paid homage to Judy Garland in the 1954 version of A Star is Born with this cerulean blue Valentino gown.
5 Regina King
King dazzled on the red carpet in this sparkly, sequinned rose-colored dress by Alberta Ferretti before taking home the award for Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture for If Beale Street Could Talk.
6 Charlize Theron
Theron, once again, delivered timeless elegance in this black and white number by Dior.
7 Nicole Kidman
Kidman never disappoints on the red carpet and last night was different. She looked killer in this long-sleeved, sequinned gown from the Michael Kors collection.
8 Chrissy Metz
The This Is Us actress was on fire in this custom Tanya Taylor dress with puff sleeves that were embellished with over a thousand(!!) crystals.
9 Emmy Rossum
It felt like a fairy tale for Rossum in this tulle ballgown by Monique Lhuillier.
10 Emily Blunt
Nominee Emily Blunt wore a lacy high-neck number by Alexander McQueen.
11 Gemma Chan
Crazy Rich Asians actress Gemma Chan proved shorts can be red carpet-chic in this teal ensemble by Valentino Couture.I may earn a commission if you make a purchase through the product links on this page at no extra cost to you.
There are so many middle names for Reese. But, first of all, let’s take a look at the meaning of Reese. The name Reese is of Welsh origin which means “Enthusiasm”. The meaning of the name Reese in the bible means “inspired by God“.It is considered by parents looking at non-gendered names, which means a name that can be used for both genders.
The name Reese is a variant of the name Rhys. Reese was first popular as a masculine name. But, currently, it can be used as a feminine name. It has become a popular name for girls in the US.
Famous people with the name Reese include Movie actress Reese Witherspoon, American actor Reese Mishler, and American author and journalist Reese Erlich.
- Here are 100 middle names for Reese (Girl)
- Middle names for Reece boy
- Middle names for Rhys
- Why do you need a middle name?
- How to choose the perfect middle name for Reese
- Different ways to spell Reese
- Sibling names for Reese
Here are 100 middle names for Reese (Girl)
- Reese Carter
- Reese Quincy
- Reese Audrey
- Reese Rebecca
- Reese Naomi
- Reese Catherine
- Reese Margaret
- Reese Abigail
- Reese Elizabeth
- Reese Josephine
- Reese Caroline
- Reese Charlotte
- Reese Annabel
- Reese Victoria
- Reese Desiraye
- Reese Monroe
- Reese Savana
- Reese Paige
- Reese Quentin
- Reese Quayden
- Reese Danielle
- Reese Michelle
- Reese Richelle
- Reese Sierra
- Reese Siena
- Reese Madeleine
- Reese Lillian
- Reese Meredith
- Reese Olivia
- Reese Faithlyn
- Reese Sage
- Reese Tate
- Reese Tannum
- Reese Tatum
- Reese Breeze
- Reese Hollis
- Reese Ellis
- Reese Elizabeth
- Reese Caroline
- Reese Susannah
- Reese Lydia
- Reese Tabitha
- Reese Gwendolyn
- Reese Violet
- Reese Clementine
- Reese Beatrix
- Reese Amity
- Reese Lionella
- Reese Nyla
- Reese Myrica
- Reese Chiara
- Reese Aloisia
- Reese Nicasia
- Reese Lurlena
- Reese Katinka
- Reese Edenia
- Reese Jocasta
- Reese Freya
- Reese Dulcina
- Reese Echelon
- Reese Adara
- Reese Annora
- Reese Arabella
- Reese Ariella
- Reese Adriana
- Reese Bridget
- Reese Camilla
- Reese Cassandra
- Reese Cecilia
- Reese Catalina
- Reese Danielle
- Reese Danica
- Reese Delilah
- Reese Daphne
- Reese Ophelia
- Reese Emmaline
- Reese Elisabetta
- Reese Felicity
- Reese Felicia
- Reese Fiona
- Reese Gabriella
- Reese Hannah
- Reese Hope
- Reese Isabelle
- Reese Isaura
- Reese Imogen
- Reese Jessamine
- Reese June
- Reese Jane
- Reese Katherine
- Reese Katerina
- Reese Linnea
- Reese Louisa
- Reese Laurel
- Reese Madeline
- Reese Miranda
- Reese Maura
- Reese Nadia
- Reese Natalia
- Reese Opal
Middle names for Reece boy
Reese is both a name for boy or girl. However, some people prefer to use Reece for a boy. Below are some middle names for Reece boy. The list below is also middle names that go with Reese boy.
- Reece and Donovan
- Reece and Logan
- Reece and Patrick
- Reece and Matthew
- Reece and Gregory
- Reece and Jordan
- Reece and Daniel
- Reece and Andrew
- Reece and Weston
- Reece and Alexander
- Reece and Warren
- Reece and Patrick
- Reece and Timothy
- Reece and Isaiah
- Reece and Malachi
- Reece and Matthias
- Reece and Theodore
- Reece and Nathaniel
- Reece and Michael
- Reece and Jackson
Middle names for Rhys
Rhys is a derivative of Reese. Middle names for Rhys are listed below.
- Rhys Murray
- Rhys William
- Rhys Oliver
- Rhys Charles
- Rhys Thomas
- Rhys Robert
- Rhys Alexander
- Rhys Benjamin
- Rhys Nathaniel
- Rhys Anthony
- Rhys Cameron
- Rhys Harrison
- Rhys Nicholas
- Rhys Declan
- Rhys Theodore
- Rhys Christopher
- Rhys Alastair
- Rhys Gabriel
- Rhys Dylan
- Rhys Connor
Why do you need a middle name?
- Choosing a middle name for Reese is cool because it can turn out to be the baby’s nickname.
- A middle name for Reese gives the baby a good option in the future
- It makes it easy to make cool words out of the initials. e.g. Reese Reese Jackman becomes N.R. Jackman.
- It improves the baby’s chances of getting good job prospects in the future. Weird but true. Research published in the European Journal of Social Psychology revealed that people having middle names are perceived to have a high status and intelligence.
How to choose the perfect middle name for Reese
1). The best middle name for Reese is the one that works well with the first and last name. For instance, choose the middle names you want for Reese from the list below and write them down.
2). Say the names out loud with Reese at the beginning. e.g. Reese Reese. Remove any name that sounds odd, weird, or hard.
3). Repeat step 2 but add the last name to it and hear how it sounds. Remove more names that don’t sound right.
4). Check the initials of the remaining names and see the ones that combine very well. Ensure it doesn’t spell ridiculous.
5). By the time you are through with steps 1-4, narrowed down the list to a considerable number that will help you pick the best middle name for Reese.
Nicknames for Reese
Searching for adorable nicknames for Reese? Find some of them below.
- Ree-Ree
- ReeCee
- Rhys
- Ree
- Ray
- Reecie
- Ressie
- Rayce
- Riss
- Res
- Receta
- Reece
- Rees
- Reeson
- Ries
- Reesey
- Pieces
- Rice
Names with Reese in them
Looking for names with Reese in them? Find some cute names below.
- Reesette
- Reesetta
- Reeselle
- Reesella
- Reesia
- Reesya
- Reesa
- Reesie
- Reesanne
- Reesanna
- Reesana
- Reesara
- Reecelle
- Clareese
- Therese
- Ava-Reese
- Eva-Reese
- Reeslyn
- Cherise
- Marise
- Clarice
- Caprice
Different ways to spell Reese
- Reeseh
- Rhys
- Reece
- Rees
Sibling names for Reese
Do you have a baby brother or baby sister after your girl Reese? Below are brother and sister names for Reese.
Baby brother names for Reese
- Reese and Owen
- Reese and Luke
- Reese and Colin
- Reese and Declan
- Reese and Matthew
- Reese and Oliver
- Reese and Lucas
- Reese and Graham
- Reese and Brady
- Reese and Tomas
- Reese and Gavin
- Reese and Harvey
- Reese and Grayson
- Reese and Eli
- Reese and Josiah
- Reese and Everett
- Reese and Isaiah
- Reese and William
- Reese and Gray
- Reese and Reuben
Baby sister names for Reese
- Reese and Brynn
- Reese and Rory
- Reese and Elle
- Reese and Jade
- Reese and Ivy
- Reese and Avery
- Reese and Casey
- Reese and Addison
- Reese and Maeve
- Reese and Adeline
- Reese and Hadley
- Reese and Sage
- Reese and Elodie
- Reese and Presley
- Reese and Eden
- Reese and Emery
- Reese and Paisley
- Reese and Riley
- Reese and Valerie
- Reese and Lenore
There you have it – 100 middle names for Reese, different ways to spell Reese, and brother and sister name for Reese. Go through the list and choose the best name for your baby.Manual and electric jib cranes in various designs
The jib crane – an optimal solution for the local handling of loads up to 10,000 kg
The jib cranes in manual and electrical design from Donati represent one of the most comprehensive solutions for the local handling of loads up to 10,000 kg and are the result of in-depth knowledge of a wide variety of applications combined with more than 70 years of expertise in the field of lifting systems. Thanks to the series production with industrial production processes, Donati is able to offer a reliable and technically innovative product at an optimal price-performance ratio due to the high number of pieces.
The Donati jib cranes are available as column or wall mounting and are designed for the handling of goods inside or outside a facility, ideal for supporting the loading of machines or workbenches. The high level of quality is guaranteed by a UNI EN ISO 9001: 2000 quality system certificate. The standard program includes the handling of loads up to 10,000 kg with crane arm lengths of up to 10.
The Donati jib cranes are available in the following models:When I was thinking about what kind of helpful text I could write for the foreigners like me that will come to New York, the first thought that came to mind was all the amazing places I discovered since I arrived. The amazing exhibitions that I have seen, the restaurants where I had the most delicious meal and the cool bars where I met friends. So instead of talking about the usual subjects that have been written in this blog, I thought that a list of cool and cheap places to go when you want to have fun would be a cool thing to write about.
1- Last weekend I went to a Brazilian restaurant/bar called “Miss Favela”, near the Williamsburgh Bridge in Brooklyn, where you can listen to awesome bossa nova, drink an amazing caipirinha and eat all kinds of Brazilian dishes.
2- If you are a lover like me of Italian food, you must go to Bar Pitti in Midtown. It’s a little pricey but I can assure you will have a wonderful culinary experience.
3- Do you ever tried Ramen before? If you didn’t you must go to Ramen-Ya. The food is awesome and if you are in the mood to have fun you have the Fat Cat Pussycat in front or Blue Note in the same street to hear some great jazz.
4- One of my favorite places, since I got here, is definitely Joe Coffee Company, in the corner of Gay St with Waverly Pl. I really like the vibe of the little coffee shop and there’s a lot of vegan and vegetarian options.
5- If you are in the mood for bowling and a Brooklyn Lager – that’s my favorite one- you should definitely go to The Gutter. It’s the coolest place ever to go bowling.
6- Jackbar is the right place if you want to have a fun afternoon with friends playing pinball!
I could continue with this list, and tell you about the restaurant where I fell in love with Jamaican food or the one where I started to love Korean BBQ, but I think I will leave these for the next post. See ya!
Add commentKERRY UP AGAINST IT
Re: The Washington Prowler’s No Class:
There’s good reason that John Kerry failed to credit the original JFK for his “watchman on the wall” comments: his comments weren’t so much a plagiarization as they were a repudiation of Kennedy’s view of America?s role in world affairs. It is George W. Bush, to the great disgust of the party of JFK, who has carried on America?s role as the lone watchman on the wall of freedom. It is George W. Bush who has stepped up to the plate — in the Kennedy tradition as well as the tradition of most American presidents of the 20th Century — to pay any price, bear any burden in the cause of freedom. Kerry’s remarks are shameful for their lack of resolve, not for their lack of attribution.
— John Shirvinsky
Camp Hill, Pennsylvania
On “No Class” — plagiarizing is not the worst thing about Kerry’s theft of Kennedy’s final speech. The more troubling aspect of what Kerry did was how he twisted the original. The contrast is between Kerry’s “the UN must lead otherwise we won’t man the tower” worldview and Kennedy’s “we are called by history to lead and to mount the watch tower alone” world view. To paraphrase Senator Bentsen, I remember John Kennedy and Kerry is no John Kennedy.
— William Perry Pendley
Evergreen, Colorado
What a shocker! John F. Kerry lifts another line from John F. Kennedy.
Remember after his Wisconsin primary win, he thanked his wife and then went on to rhapsodize how everywhere he traveled, everyone wanted to see TeRAYsa? Then he stole a line from John Kennedy and further patronized his wife by saying, “I’m getting to be the guy who accompanies TeRAYsa around the United States of America, which is fine by me.” Now, I’m not quite old enough to remember when Kennedy said “I am the man who accompanied Jacqueline Kennedy to Paris, and I have enjoyed it” — but I remember it well from clips –and when I heard Kerry that night in Milwaukee; I just laughed out loud as I witnessed Kerry channeling his hero.
I remember firing off e-mails to Brit Hume and every member of his “all-star” panel the next day hoping they would contrast the remarks of the two JFKs as the funny little tidbit at the end of “Special Report” — it didn’t happen — but I felt vindicated several days later when Howie Carr wrote a column about the whole thing ? which finally got it mentioned on the Fox News Channel.
— Cathy Thorpe
Columbus, Georgia
I truly wonder where the Democrats have been for the last twenty years for I remember another speech by another of course President Reagan’s Brandenburg Gate address, June 1987. (Full address here.) By all accounts we abandoned the watchtowers that protected Freedom on that day. Reagan assessed correctly, that now in this time, it was Freedom and not the watchtowers that truly protected the West. (Not that a few armored divisions aren’t useful.) The real wall came down several months later torn down by the people themselves.
That Kennedy would have delivered his speech harks of a different time. Soviet expansionism was in its ascendancy. Freedom for Western Europe was still a fragile thing and the watchtowers were needed. But it is 2004 not 1964. Am I to nuance (to coin a liberal verb) by Kerry’s reference that we, America, should in time-warp fashion go back and build the walls and man the watchtowers yet again against the Jihadists? Or are we better served by sowing Freedom through out the Middle East? The answer I believe is here:
.” — Thomas Jefferson, private communiqué¬ December 1780.
— John McGinnis
HAMMERED
Re: Editor’s Desk home page posting of 5/28:
Funny or ironic you shoulder mention the late Armand Hammer and former VP Al Gore in the same column.
Al Gore, Sr. had a long-term close relationship with Hammer which continued after Gore, Sr. was defeated in his last Senate race. That long term relationship is well documented and was very lucrative for the Gore family.
Seems like that part of Al Jr.’s past is often overlooked.
— John Langston
Broken Arrow, Oklahoma
We need no EOWs this week, not even Algore as much as he deserves it. It is time to honor and remember those who stood and defended against real enemies and those do so still. I for one have my own small way of remembering those who sacrificed and do not care what Weird Al and his ilk do this time of the year. Let us so honor and remember and rededicate, not acknowledge the hand-wringing self-haters so exemplified by certain prominent leftist, self-flagellating weenies.
— G.M. Strong (a vet)
Media, Pennsylvania
ALFA MALE
Re: Lawrence Henry’s A Perfectly Rotten Time:
A perfectly rotten time? Au contraire! Sorry. I mean, “Al Contrario!!” As a former frequent visitor to Boston, I appeal to those who work and live around the “Democrat Danger Zone” of their convention to remember that life is all about opportunity. During this time when the scene of Bostonians heading out will seem like the 17-year cicadas coming out of the ground, just a few short miles away in the wonderful town of Manchester, New Hampshire, there’ll be a real convention with real significance: The Alfa Romeo National Convention celebrating the 50th anniversary of a motor masterpiece — the Alfa Romeo Guiletta.
Nowhere else can one pause and reflect upon these DaVincis of automobile art. Nowhere else can one pause and reflect upon why a small town is shipping in truckloads of Peroni’s. And, nowhere else can one pause and reflect upon why the tech sessions are so much a part of getting home.
If you must go to a convention that is attended by a bunch of dinosaurs whose 50-year-old broken down ideas are considered progressive, by all means, stop by Boston’s Fleet Center for French-style waffling. But if you want to have the time of your life, you know where to go?
Ciao!
— Rick Osial
Montclair, Virginia
BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY
Re: George Neumayr’s Dé´¥nte With Terror:
Exactly. Bravo.
— Paul Rhoads
Well done. I just don’t understand how liberals can be soft on most things. No, I don’t propose that we be governed by thugs and bullies but we do, quite often, have to take a firm stand. Gore’s recent remarks are beyond belief. And this man was almost our President!
— Jerry
I think that Mr. Neumayr’s notion that “Gore’s advanced stage of political dementia is a metaphor for the mindlessness of his party?s defense policies,” is a bit off the mark. If we have learned anything about the modern Democrat Party it is that they are methodical in their approach to regaining power. When the Democrats are in the minority, they fall back to the theatrical rhetoric they picked up in the ’60s and modify it to fit the current situation. They are like a jealous suitor; they will tell any lie and distort any truth to get the girl. These recent statements by Mr. Gore are simply the new equation. Unfortunately, his comments are actually a metaphor for a party that is completely without a moral or intellectual foundation. They are not liberals, but are instead a group of technocrats who became interested in politics after being fulfilled by the radicalism of their youths. When they are weak, and faced with principled and capable opposition, they gain false confidence by regurgitating the same type of inanities that inspired them in the past. This is the real Democrat Party; politically unserious and incapable of leading in desperate times, but intensely mindful of their need for power.
— Garron M.
California
Algore indeed stands out in a rain forest of dwarfs, but I also hold particular contempt for the likes of Nancy Pelosi, whose crocodile tears over the photos from Abu Ghraib were shed despite the fact that the activities depicted therein represent “the perfect evening” for over half of her constituents. She even failed to take note of the fact that those photos exposed the only known incident of feces smearing that was not paid for by the National Endowment for the Arts. If the American people turn to these not-so-useful idiots for leadership we will richly deserve to lose the war against terrorists. Keep your powder dry, folks, its going to be a long, hot summer.
— Guy Green
St. Paul, Minnesota
COSBY RERUN
Re: jimi izrael’s Bill Cosby’s Show and Reader Mail’s The Cosby Cause:
I read the original article and all the letters with great interest. How is it that nobody mentions Chris Rock? It was years ago in his routine that he first told the same truth as Cosby. Rock said it better too.
— Fred Z
I think Jimi Izrael has lost his mind, because he is missing the whole point of what Cosby said. As for his using broken English, slang, ebonics or whatever you want to call it in his comedies, that’s just it, it’s a comedy. As a high school special educator, I see students come in and start asking questions like Who that is? or Where he/she be at? Their not understanding the time and appropriate place to use slang, which is not in the classroom. I can’t tell you how many students are failing high school and parents don’t even show up to parent-teacher conferences, but let their child be expelled from school for beating another student up and they are there wanting raise cain.
Moreover, students are coming to school with no books, pens or pencils, but they have the latest Tommy Hilfiger outfit with matching shoes, hat, watch and socks.
African-Americans are not taking responsibilities for their own actions, which means that this is trickled down to the children who blame everyone else for their misfortunes and present conditions. Yes, things are unfair and unjust in America, there is no doubt about that, but if you are not making any effort to make your situation better then you can’t holler discrimination because you haven’t done anything. That’s like going to the car dealership and wanting to get a car and you have bad credit, which is a result of you buying new outfits every week for your children and your man and you know that the phone bill, rent, and water have to be paid and you choose to make late payments because you are buying other unnecessary things. This is what Cosby is talking about and if you don’t believe it’s true, spend about 3-4 days in a public school and talk and look at the children who walk through the halls and you will see.
— Carasmatic
I disagree with your column on Bill Cosby. He said what needed to be said. All people need to take responsibility for their lives and the lives of their children. Being a victim gets you nowhere. Being proactive gets you anywhere you want to go. As long as the black community thinks it’s a victim, it will be a victim of its own creation. Yes, s–t happens to people. Life goes on. The winners pick themselves up and go on, rather than point fingers at everyone else. He’s right. You’re wrong. Enough said.
— Monica Chadwick
As the Bush ad’s show, when you’re out of arguments … you can always go for the ad hominem’s.
Since Jimi Izrael’s critique of Bill Cosby is a long list of mere ad hominem’s … we have to assume Izrael was at loss for real arguments against Bill Cosby’s criticism of today young, poor black people.
— Ivo Renkema
It is so unfortunate that when two Black men disagree, white people come out of the woodwork with there fogged viewpoints and opinions, We all know the answer to the problems in Urban Black America, it isn’t the NAACP or Black leaders it is slavery. The worst part of this is that we have a drug abusing white man exposing them while eating popcorn as if he were at a Friday night fight. I honestly believe that Izrael and Cosby need to get together and share wisdom and leave white America out of it.
— unsigned
ON CRUISE CONTROL
Re: Eric Peters’ Keep Up — or Pay Up! and Richard Hardison’s letter (under “Power Driving”) in Reader Mail’s Life in the Fast Lane:
Eric Peters is wrong, and Mr. Richard Hardison (5/26) for Ohio is correct! The left lane is the passing lane, not the personal speeding lane for Peters and his fellow leadfoots who think they are above the law. The left lane “hogs” that Peters is so anxious to see eliminated are rarely driving below the posted speed limit, and they are rarely in the left lane simply to block it. More frequently, they are law-respecting drivers like me. To show “respect” for the law, I habitually set my cruise control for 3-to-4 mph over the speed limit. So, when driving 68mph, I sometimes have to use the left lane to pass a 66mph driver. So, in Mr. Peters’ twisted logic, is it my responsibility to speed up and violate the law, just because he is in a hurry? I think not. How about in a reduced-speed, one-lane construction zone? You should see how many middle fingers I see after emerging from such a zone, having led a pack of immature speeders through at 3 mph over the posted speed limit (set at the slower speed for the safety of the construction workers).
Peters’ belief that I should drive at the “flow of traffic” (or get out of his way!) is the logic that morality is defined by what the crowd does — or the “everybody does it” morality. Under that logic, our teens should engage in premarital sex because “all their friends are doing it.” I would guess Peters would thus approve of a poor ghetto kid using illegal drugs — as long as, in his estimation, “everybody else is doing it.” Ironically, it’s often these law-breaking speeders who look down their noses most harshly at the law-breaking drug users. Hmm, who was it didn’t distinguish between “sins” (crimes)? I recall it was a Guy who gave a Sermon on a Mount.
— Allen Nyhuis
Indianapolis, Indiana
POWER TO THE RIGHT PEOPLE
So many of the articles on the TAS site suggest that the Left is based on hypocrisy.
You are utterly mistaken; there is no hypocrisy on the Left.
The Left is Marxist-Leninist. To people who ascribe to that religion, Power is the only thing to be worshipped. (Full disclosure: my late Father was a lapsed Trotskyite; I heard all of this at the dinner table while a child.)
In pursuit of political power, it is entirely consistent for a John Kerry to praise the removal of Saddam one day, only to condemn it the next. Everything is to be done, or said, with political advantage in mind. We have always been at war (or peace) with (fill in the blank). There is no hypocrisy here.
At least, if you don’t believe in anything other than Power.
— Jim Stevenson
San Diego, CalifBy Jessica Flores
Looking for a home in need of some TLC? This 1923 bungalow has good bones: a little front porch, wood floors, a 5,404-square-foot lot, and a detached garage. The dwelling comes in at 628 square feet and holds one bedroom and one bath. Walking distance to the Glendale Narrows, Frogtown Brewery, and Glendale Boulevard, it’s asking $599,000.
To read the full article visit their website here.Our Story
Pathways to English is a 501(c)(3) non-profit charity founded in 2016 by husband and wife team Ken & Coppelia Agle. Since serving a mission for his church in Haiti in the 1980s, Ken has returned for philanthropic efforts many times. Pathways to English was created to help create lasting change in this island nation.
Since 2016, 6 groups of teachers have spent 3-4 months at a time teaching English to over 125 children in Haiti.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-504118710518857758.post956367849375108707..comments2021-10-22T19:38:41.063-10:00Comments on A Maui Mommy: Deep Discussions - TravelTracy - A Maui Mommy That's a great idea! Only problem is it'...K<br />That's a great idea! Only problem is it's one red eye flight + one day time flight just to get to Philly from Maui. *sigh* It's a looong trip. One of the negatives about living in the middle of the Pacific!Tracy - A Maui Mommy traveled at night when our daughter was that yo...We traveled at night when our daughter was that young. That way she could sleep through everything and not disrupt her schedule too much.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-504118710518857758.post-16757783869224052010-05-27T17:18:59.700-10:002010-05-27T17:18:59.700-10:00ASKC - Is that for the AVID conference? I think my...ASKC - Is that for the AVID conference? I think my coworkers are going too... <br /><br /!<br /><br />Habebi - Wow an infant and a toddler to Jakarta?? That gives me hope that it's possible :-D Thank you!!!Tracy - A Maui Mommy man that is a lot to take on! While obviously ..!Habebi tracy! i hear you...dave and i are going to sa... <br /><br /. <br /><br />as far as traveling that distance with a baby...sorry, i don't have any advice for that cuz the farthest we've taken them is maui :-). good luck...i'm sure everything will totally be fine!!ASKC* Apply very thin!*
It is non-yellowing and offers easy water clean-up. It contains all the consumer-friendly characteristics of PolyAcrylic Blend. In addition, it contains a UV Stabilizer to protect it from breaking down in sunlight and to protect the underlying stains from fading.
With its pure polyurethane durability, it's a great choice for hardwood floors.
General Finishes issued a press release stating that their Top Coats were not recommended on white paint due to the unsatisfactory degree of yellowing. Any polycrylic will also turn amber over time. If looking for a top coat to go over Annie Sloan CHALK PAINT- consider Annie Sloan's waxes. Once cured, Annie Sloan’s Wax is incredibly durable. It’s also sustainable in that it can be touched up without repainting the entire piece.
Applying this top coat over a large flat surface like a table top? General Finishes recommends using a 6" Painter Pad with a "stocking footie" over it to apply your High Performance Top Coat. We sell the pads HERE =>.With the OnePlus 2 finally on sale, we thought we’d see how it stacks up against its predecessor to decide whether it’s a worthy upgrade.
OnePlus One vs OnePlus 2: At a glance
OnePlus One vs OnePlus 2: Design
If you’re a fan of the original OnePlus look and feel, you’ll be pleased to hear the company has stayed true to its roots with the successor. It’s shorter and narrower, but almost imperceptibly thicker and heavier.
Cosmetically the biggest changes are the addition of a fingerprint sensor now residing below the display and the fact that the rear camera module has been shifted down from the top-most position on the phone’s back. It doesn’t look quite as elegant in this regard, but the phone more than makes up for it with a new precision milled aluminium frame that gives the OnePlus 2 a significantly more premium overall feel.
The sides of the frame see plastic hardware buttons replaced by more tactile metal ones and there’s now a dedicated three-stage profile switching toggle on the phone’s left side which is great for pushing the phone onto silent before entering a meeting or the cinema, without having to fumble through on-screen settings. Unlike the One, the capacitive keys are now customisable too, so you can alter which side serves as the app switcher and which is the back button.
Both phones are all about customisation and like its predecessor; OnePlus has given the 2 new StyleSwap covers in an array of exotic materials, from carbon fibre to rosewood, bamboo (a favourite on the One) and black apricot. Even the standard Sandstone black treatment has been refined for a more comfortable feel in the hand and the covers are now easier to swap out.
OnePlus One vs OnePlus 2: Screen and media
In the flesh it seems that both phones sport exactly the same display. Whichever handset you side with you’re offered up an expansive 5.5-inch Full HD LCD panel which packs great maximum brightness as well as accurate colours and whites. More extreme viewing angles do take a slight toll on brightness and colour but overall both phones are evenly matched in this regard and should ensure you can enjoy your movies on the go.
The new metal frame features machine-drilled holes at the OnePlus 2’s base to accommodate a speaker grille. Sound quality is on par with last year’s One and as before you run the risk of obscuring it with your palm if you hold the phone at all awkwardly. That said, it’s a fully serviceable unit that complements videos, even if it isn’t a suitable replacement for a good set of headphones.
OnePlus One vs OnePlus 2: Performance and battery life
Swiping around the Cyanogen mod-based interface on the OnePlus One and the new Oxygen OS-UI on the OnePlus 2, you’d be hard pressed to see the difference in performance, but under the hood, the newcomer is well and truly future-proofed for more intensive apps and fast multitasking.
In place of the quad-core Snapdragon 801 chip, the OnePlus 2 boasts Qualcomm’s newest Snapdragon 810 octa-core processor and what’s more it’s backed up by faster DDR4 RAM (most other smartphones right now are using DDR3 RAM).
At this late stage in the OnePlus One’s life, you’re now limited to the 64GB storage option, which comes with 3GB of RAM whereas the OnePlus 2’s 16GB variant packs 3GB of RAM and the 64GB model packs a mighty 4GB of RAM – more memory means better performance across the board and the OnePlus 2 is clearly superior in this regard.
There’s a subtler difference between the power plants in these two handsets. 2015’s OnePlus receives a small 200mAh capacity increase, offering up 3300mAh overall. Whichever phone you pick however, you can expect solid battery life of around two days from either handset there’s still no fast or wireless charging functionality to speak of though.
OnePlus One vs OnePlus 2: Cameras
Pick up either of these handsets and you’re treated to a 5-megapixel front-facing snapper and a 13-megapixel rear camera. Image quality on the OnePlus One was never best-in-class, but it’s good enough for most users and you’re treated to other high-end extras like 4K and slow-motion video recording too.
The OnePlus 2’s rear camera uses the same sized sensor, but borrows from newer flagships like LG’s G4, adding a laser autofocus sensor for fast focusing and OIS (optical image stabilisation) which will help smooth out video and ensure stills look pin sharp. Picture quality won’t give the likes of the Galaxy S6 cause for concern, but the new OnePlus gives you accurate colours, a fast shutter and consistent all-round performance.
OnePlus One vs OnePlus 2: Verdict
Whichever way you sway, you’re getting a stellar smartphone experience here. The OnePlus One is naturally more accessible for the time being as the OnePlus 2 falls back on the company’s old launch strategy of an exclusive invite system. Provided you do make it onto the list however, there’s only a small price increase to make it from last year’s hardware to this year’s.
The new OnePlus 2 features considered updates over its predecessor and yet retains an amazingly low price tag in the process. If you can swing for the 64GB model (which is still under £300), you get the extra gig of RAM and enough power to tackle the more expensive flagships out there right now, which would be the one we’d put money on.
Read next: Our full OnePlus 2 reviewBelow is the full text of the resolution that Utah County Republicans voted to pass, in opposition to Common Core this week.
It will be interesting to see what Governor Herbert does with the mounting evidence that Utahns oppose Common Core. Despite publically taking a second look at the academics, he has not taken any steps to get a second look at state and federal data mining done in Utah, nor has he taken a second look at the actual governance structure of Common Core which seems far, far more important than the academic snapshot. The governor’s still moving full steam on with the Common Core-promoting Prosperity 2020 and SLDS systems in this state, and has not resigned from his Common Core-promoting role in the National Governors Association (that unelected, private trade group which created and copyrighted the Common Core.)
Governor, is it time to start listening more closely to voters?
Utah County Republican Resolution
Fashion is one aspect of the material world that shows the boredom of people with things that are fixed and constant. With every new fashion trend, each product launched aim to give the fashionable people new looks that would shout to ask for attention. Women are more visible in being fashionable. They tend to flaunt fashion in front of the faces of others. This is why a handbag or purse becomes fashionable and practical at the same time.
There are so many styles of handbags that are available. Different materials are used. The then-fashionable and expensive leather bags are now replaced by softer materials in order to consider other adornments for the bags. This way, the adornments like beads can be easily sewn into particular parts of the bag. Whatever the material of your bag is, it can still be adorned with beads in order to accentuate the beauty of the bag even more.
When you have a single plain-coloured and simple bag, you can always decorate it with beads to make the bag look livelier. There are beads made out of plastic, wood, shell, glass, or stones. They also come in different shapes from round to elongated ones. Some beads are plain but some are made with well-thought designs.
When decorating a bag with beads, they can be scattered around the front of the bag. Too much bead might attract too much attention to them than to the bag itself. The beads can be incorporated into the bags in simple or complex designs. Bags with beads can be used to match formal to casual events.The pros and cons of houses versus villas/townhouses/units
Transcript
“Hello and welcome back to daily buying tips, I’m Dean Berman from Berman Buys.
Today were going to talk about the pros and cons of houses versus villas/townhouses/units.
A Torrens Title freestanding house means you own the land and property.
Strata Title means you own a part of the combined strata.
There are some differences between both ownership methods.
Having a freestanding house means you can virtually do what you want with the look of your exterior.
In a strata complex this wouldn’t be possible, as you would need approval as this would be common property.
You can generally extend and knockdown rebuild with a house.
With a strata property you are typically confined to renovating the internal spaces.
Houses tend to be slightly more secluded.
Strata complex’s tend to be more dense and closer to your neighbours.
Houses tend to be more expensive than a strata property.
This means you will usually be able to purchase a strata property closer to the city.
The house would usually be further out.
Historically houses have appreciated more.
Strata properties, typically units have historically tended to yield slightly better.
There is a trend however towards more dense/built up living.
Some people don’t like houses due to maintenance and upkeep.
Some like strata properties because this is usually looked after by the strata.
You tend to pay strata rates which many don’t like.
With a house you don’t have any strata rates.
Strata properties can be in more prime locations particularly units.
Meaning nearer to shops and transport in many instances.
Houses seem to be more commonly associated with families.
However, in my opinion society is becoming more open to strata living.
At the end of the day it comes down to affordability.
If you really need to live in a certain area.
But can’t afford the houses, there’s nothing wrong with villas, townhouses or units.”TSA Attempt to Fine Naked Man at Scanner Shows Problems with Administrative Law
You saw at Reason 24/7 last week that John Brennan, who went viral with his video of stripping naked in protest at a Portland airport TSA station, is facing a $1,000 fine from the agency and intends to appeal.
This TSA fine was after an actual county court acquited him on charges related to the naked protest.Brookings Now
MAP: China’s Energy Vulnerabilities
In a new paper, “Fueling a New Order? The New Geopolitical and Security Consequences of Energy,” Bruce Jones (
@brucebrookings), David Steven (
@davidsteven) and Emily O’Brien examine the impacts of the major transformation in international energy markets that has begun. The authors note that China imports 11 percent of its energy needs and include this 2011 imports map in their report as a depiction of China’s energy vulnerabilities.
For China, write the authors:
energy insecurity is an unwanted by-product of economic success. Massive economic growth over the past decade-and-a-half has meant a commensurate rise in demand for energy. The government has invested heavily in domestic supplies; but its demand growth has outstripped this progress. The percentage of imports in China’s energy mix is rising, and under virtually any scenario will increase rapidly in years ahead. And much of China’s energy is transported from unstable countries where it is discovering it has less influence that it expected, via insecure routes that it doesn’t control. This exposes China to growing levels of both price risk and political risk.
The authors note what Chinese President Hu Jintao identified as China’s “Malacca dilemma” depicted in the map, which is China’s:
Related Books
fundamental economic dependence on energy imported through maritime straits under the control of other navies. While China has invested heavily in developing its navy, it is still several years away from having the naval capacity to secure its growing dependence on energy imports.
Download and read the full report..
June 2018 Edition
Creating Dining Experiences Worth Sharing on Social Media
by David Mitroff, Ph.D. Founder & CEO, Piedmont Avenue Consulting, Inc.
More than ever today is about experiences, and people want to share their experiences. In order to run a successful restaurant, you must be able to create an experience for your customers. How are you making your restaurant shareable? What does the presentation of your food look like? The lighting? Does your restaurant have unique foods? What is different about your restaurant that makes your guests want to tell others about the experience? Below are some tips and examples you can use to ensure a positive, shareable experience at your restaurant.
Create a unique atmosphere:
Use decorations and aesthetics to create an environment your guests will remember and that will keep them coming back. You can create many different vibes with the way you choose to decorate and design your restaurant, such as romantic, cozy, or even one that matches the type of food you are serving. Providing guests with a comfortable, unique atmosphere will help your restaurant stand out and create a memorable experience for all.
Trader Vics
Koutoubia
Foreign Cinema
Offer picture worthy cocktails:
Another great way to make your restaurant stand out and create an experience worth sharing is to offer a unique bar program. This will set you apart from other establishments and likely create a buzz on social media which will greatly benefit business. You can hire a bar consultant to help with the process of enhancing your bar and drink menu items. Having craft cocktails that look cool is a great way to get your business posted on different platforms such as Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter for others to see.
Ramen Shop
The Beehive
The Oxford
Focus on the presentation of food:
In today’s society, food presentation is all the hype. Figuring out how to creatively present your food to guests will make your restaurant different and create an experience for them that they are likely to want to share with others. Food with nice presentation attracts food bloggers and could potentially create a lot of press across many different platforms for your business.
Commis
Lazy-Bear
Acquellero
How are you going to create a positive, shareable experience for your customers? Come up with ways to set your restaurant apart from others, while at the same time create memorable moments for your guests that they will want to share. This will further boost your message and brand, which, in turn, will help your business grow exponentially.
David Mitroff, Ph. D will be a featured speaker at the Western Foodservice & Hospitality Expo on Monday, August 20th at 2:00 pm discussing Effective Marketing Strategies to Manager Customer Pitfalls and Boost Loyalty.Ice Wall
Aurora Borealis
Josee In Canola Field At Sunset
Duschesnay Falls
Good Morning Sunshine
Sunset and Ice
Latest Post
Latest Post
2021 Christmas Artisan Shows
It is hard to believe its been almost two years since we have been able to do Artisan shows. The world threw everyone for a loop. Here are the dates for the Christmas shows I will be attending this season. If you are unable to attend a show but would like to purchase...
2019 Christmas Shows
Dates...
Time For A Change
After using this theme for about 8 or 9 years, I thought it was time for a new, clean looking site. I'm looking forward to this refreshing change as I say goodbye to the old look. Let me know how you like it! Explore and check out the new site and...
Location
North Bay, ON
CanadaTenure Track Position (Open Rank) in Literacy, Language, and Culture in Multilingual Settings
- Employer
- Bucknell University
- Location
- Pennsylvania, United States
- Salary
- Salary Not specified
- Posted date
- Aug 23, 2021
View more
- Position Type
- Faculty Positions, Education, Teacher Education
- Employment Level
- Tenured/Tenured Track
- Employment Type
- Full Time
Tenure Track Position (Open Rank) in Literacy, Language, and Culture in Multilingual Settings
Job No: 496816
Position Type: full-time
Location: Lewisburg, PA
Categories: Education
The Bucknell University Department of Education seeks applications for a Tenure Track position, to begin August 2022. We expect to hire at the assistant professor level, but are open to considering outstanding candidates at other ranks. Candidates are expected to have a Ph.D. in Education, with a specialization in Literacy, Language, and Culture in Multilingual Settings, or a related field by August 2022. Primary teaching responsibilities include courses focused on teaching and learning in linguistically diverse contexts, supervision of linguistically diverse field experiences, and other courses supporting the preparation of elementary and secondary teachers. Candidates with the capacity to teach courses in special education are encouraged to apply. The ideal candidate would contribute to scholarship related to multilingual and multicultural education, preferably extending to issues of diversity, equity, and inclusion, depending on the individual's areas of interest and expertise. We welcome candidates who demonstrate excellence in reflective multicultural and inclusive teaching practices and who display a strong commitment to collaboration and interdisciplinarity. This position is part of a university-wide cluster of searches designed to increase curricular coverage of areas related to diversity and inclusion, as well as to promote inclusive teaching strategies across the university.
Application Materials: Please submit a letter of application, a CV, and statements that address (a) your teaching philosophy, (b) your commitment to diversity and inclusive pedagogy, and (c) your scholarly interests. Three letters of recommendation should be provided separately. Questions may be addressed to Dr. Abe Feuerstein, Chair, Education Department, at abe.feuerstein@bucknell.edu.For additional information and to apply, please go to Bucknell's career site (careers.bucknell.edu). Review of applications will begin on October 15th, 2021 and continue until the position is filled.
To apply, visit
jeid-599013df3f13cb4aa8bdd0094295f5f3
Get job alerts
Create a job alert and receive personalised job recommendations straight to your inbox.Create alertL.A. County Child Support Services Announces 2019 Dates for Employer Workshops
Workshops Assist Employers and Payroll Professionals and Improve Collection of Child Support for Families
The Los Angeles County Child Support Services Department (CSSD) is announcing five dates in 2019 for its Employer Workshop on child support wage withholding and health insurance requirements. Hundreds of payroll professionals and employers in Los AngelesCounty have benefited from this free instructional workshop.
For 15 years, CSSD has staged the award-winning Employer Workshop as a service to employers to answer their questions about child support requirements. The increased collaboration with employers enables L.A. County CSSD to improve child support collections for families and children in L.A. County.
“Last year our Department collected close to a half billion dollars in child support for families and children,” observed Dr. Steven J. Golightly, Director of L.A. County CSSD. “Close to seventy-percent of those collections came through child support income withholding orders that were handled by employers. So we clearly need to be in close partnership with employers to improve our collection of support for families.”
Employers can register for all 2019 Employer Workshop dates at the CSSD website at. The first workshop of 2019 will take place on Friday, March 8th at the Rowland Heights Community Center, 18150 East Pathfinder Road, Rowland Heights, CA. 91748. The event is from 8:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. There also will be Employer Workshops held during the year in Playa del Rey, Santa Clarita, East LosAngeles and La Mirada.
L.A. County CSSD serves families by establishing parentage, obtaining child support and medical support orders and enforcing child and spousal support obligations. For more information, call 866-901-3212, view the website at cssd.lacounty.gov and follow us on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram @CSSDLA.Back in 2013, New York-based pastry chef Dominique Ansel flipped the doughnut game when he introduced the Cronut, a combination of a croissant with its flaky layers and a doughnut, only fried in grape seed oil. Since then, every pastry shop from Las Vegas to Singapore to Berlin tried to duplicate the Cronut, but only Ansel has the secret original recipe that takes up to three days to complete.
Now Las Vegas gets its chance to order them rolled in sugar, stuffed with cream, or topped with glaze when Ansel opens the first outpost of his eponymous bakery at Caesars Palace next to Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill in summer 2022.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/23020586/DKA___photo_credit_Thomas_Schauer.jpg)
Dominique Ansel Las Vegas plans to serve more than the Cronut. The DKA (Dominique’s kouign amann) is somewhat like a caramelized croissant with flaky layers inside and a caramelized crunchy crust outside. Surprisingly, it’s the bestselling item at his Soho location in New York City, outselling even the Cronut. The Cookie Shot brings a warm chocolate chip cookie shaped like a shot glass and filled with Madagascan vanilla milk for a riff on milk and cookies. Frozen S’mores come with a center of Madagascan vanilla bean ice cream covered in crispy chocolate feuilletine, and then wrapped in honey marshmallow and torched to order. They come on a smoked willow wood branch to replicate that campfire experience.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/23020592/Dominique_Ansel_Bakery___Cronut__2___credit_Thomas_Schauer.jpg)
That Cronut took more than two months and 10 recipes to perfect before it rolled out to the public. Ansel laminates the dough and then proofs it before frying it in grape seed oil. All are made in-house, with a new flavor introduced monthly in each location and never repeated.
In Las Vegas, diners can expect a cafe setting and a retail area.
Ansel joins Bobby Flay with his Italian restaurant Amalfi and Bobby’s Burgers, Giada De Laurentiis with her Pronto by Giada, Lisa Vanderpump with Vanderpump Cocktail Garden, Guy Savoy with Restaurant Guy Savoy, and Gordon Ramsay, who also has Gordon Ramsay Hell’s Kitchen as well as Gordon Ramsay Pub, at Caesars Palace.Category Archives: HOPE Food Pantry.”
Our HOPE Pantry in Mansfield needs the following items:
- Boxed Macaroni and Cheese
- Soup
- Instant Potatoes
- Dry or Shelf-Stable milk
- Canned Meat (chicken, pork or beef)
- Drink boxes or pouches
- Individually-packaged desserts (cookies, snack cakes etc.)
- Individually-packaged bags of chips, pretzels, etc.
- Individually-packaged pudding, fruit or Jello cups
- 15 oz. or larger bottles of shampoo
- Toothpaste/toothbrushes
- Deodorant
- Feminine products
- Toilet Paper
- Paper Towels
- Laundry Soap
- Dish Soap
Please arrange a time to drop off donations at HOPE Pantry, 2 Smith Avenue, Mansfield, OH, by contacting Catholic Charities HOPE Pantry Coordinator Susan Dyson at 419-524-0733 or email sdyson@toledodiocese.org..[singlepic id=130 w=320 h=240 float=right].”[singlepic id=61 w=320 h=240 float=right]
The City of Castlegar has collected feedback on new water and sewer rates from over 200 residents.
The city held an open house on Wednesday, Nov. 1 to provide residents with more information regarding a proposed consumption-based rate structure for water and sewer rates. The open house also provided residents with the opportunity to give feedback and, according to a press release from the City of Castlegar, nearly 200 people attended.
“We answered a wide range of questions from all types of water customers, both high and low water users, and received some great feedback for consideration,” Mayor Lawrence Chernoff said in the release. “Thank you to everyone for taking the time to help us create a made-in-Castlegar solution to ensuring an equitable system that will encourage water conservation and extend the lifespan of our water and sewer systems.”
The city also allowed residents to share their feedback via an online feedback form, which closed Sunday.
Chris Barlow, chief administrative officer for Castlegar, said a lot of the residents who attended the open house expressed concerns about the cost of water during the dry months of summer.
“A lot the people that were there were generally people that …, I would say, are probably the higher water users that would potentially see the biggest impact on their bills, especially in the summer months,” he said.
Barlow said they also heard from lower water users who wanted to know that their conservation efforts would result in real savings.
Asked about the City of Castlegar’s response to people who are concerned about their bills going up during the summer, Barlow said, “A large part of the rate structure is to try and lower those peak consumption periods, which is in the summer months. So the rate structure is set up such that those peak months that we can help lower the consumption and incentivize people to lower it during those months.”
To help residents address conservation, Castlegar’s water ambassador also attended the open house and answered questions about conservation. The ambassador also booked appointments for next spring to do assessments at people’s homes.
Further water conservation tips are available at castlegar.ca/pdfs/water_sewer_rates/water_conservation_tips.pdf.
We also asked Barlow to address why sewer consumption is based on a household’s water consumption and it’s because the city does not monitor sewer consumption.
“It’s almost impossible to monitor sewer and then there would be the cost of installing some sort of sewer meter to do that,” he explained.
Barlow said that in the winter months almost 100 per cent of water used in a household is going down the drain, while in the summer more water is being used outside. That’s why the city is implementing a cap of 30 cubic meters from May to September.
“So if you use less than the 30 cubic meter threshold in the summer months, your sewer will only be charged for that, but should you exceed the 30 cubic meters, our analysis showed that anything above that 30 cubic meters is almost always outside use,” said Barlow.
For more information on the City of Castlegar’s proposed consumption-based water and sewer rates, visit castlegar.ca/waterandsewer.Unilever and Co-op have partnered together to launch two refill packaging store trials.
Taking place in Co-op stores on Wolverhampton Road, Codsall and Marsh, Huddersfield, the trial will test two refill models: ‘Refill on the go’ and ‘Return on the go’ which feature Unilever brands, Persil; Simple; Radox and Alberto Balsam, in reusable stainless-steel bottles.
The Return on the go scheme allows customers to pick up pre-filled stainless-steel bottles and return in-store once used, while the Refill on the go approach allows customers to purchase and refill re-useable stainless-steel bottles using a standalone refill machine in-store.
This is Unilever’s first trial within a convenience store and it is hoped will “gain a deeper understanding of consumer behaviour towards refillable and reusable packaging”..”
Unilever UK & Ireland general manager and executive vice-president Sebastian Munden added: .”Time is a luxury, and we capture it.
Please tour the site, check out our style and if you think we are a good match let’s meet over coffee or Zoom to talk about how we can create the perfect wedding memories together.
We make your life easy from the consultation through the final delivery of your images.
You can rest assured that your day was photographed completely and to the highest standards.Exciting opportunity to start new Cycle Sisters groups
We are planning to expand to four new London boroughs in 2021-2022 and are looking for volunteers to be Group Leads to work with us to set up new Cycle Sisters groups.
We are looking to identify teams of 3-4 women in London boroughs who are:
confident cyclists
have a passion for inspiring and enabling Muslim women to cycle
able to commit the required volunteer time
We provide full training and support including a Ride Leadership qualification - this will be a truly rewarding, enjoyable, life-changing experience!
To find out more information and how to apply please click here.
Deadline is Sunday 20th June 2021.Tribemobile.co.uk
Tribe Mobile and it's members want to make a positive change to our environment.
Tribe Forest
167 trees planted
Join the movement
Together we are stronger, that’s why we believe in collective action. If you join us today (using the button below) you and the owner of this profile will be awarded 30 extra trees!
Tribemobile.co.uk's sustainability goals
The biggest impact you can have, is change your lifestyle
Tree Me
Tribemobile.co.uk's badges
Keeping track of their personal climate contributions.
Go to badges sectionAir France Flight AF9971 connects Mexico City, Mexico to Cancun, Mexico, taking off from Mexico Benito Juarez International Airport MEX and landing at Cancun International Airport CUN.
How long is the AF9971 flight from Mexico City to Cancun?
The average flight time from Mexico City to Cancun is 1 hour and 47 minutes. The flight distance is 1284 km / 798 miles and the average flight speed is 716 km/h / 445 mph.
How many AF9971 flights are operated per week?
6 flights per week. The flight AF9971 is operated on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday.
What is the average delay of flight AF9971?
The average delay of flight AF9971 is 21 minutes and the flight is on-time 90% of the times.
Which terminal is the flight AF9971 arriving at?
Flight AF9971 arrives at Cancun International Airport (CUN) Terminal 4.
When was the latest AF9971 flight?
The latest flight took off on Friday, November 26th, 2021 with the flight status being Landed on 10:52.
How else can the flight AF9971 be referenced as?
This Air France flight can also be referenced as AFR9971, AF 9971, AFR 9971.
See our AF9971 Flight Tracker above for more details.
Flight AF9971 is a code-share Air France flight of the Aeromexico operated AM504
There are flights connecting Mexico City MEX to Cancun CUN.Complicated slot machines
We were fully dressed except for our fingers, as well as name and address to be specified during registrations. Pay casino paypal before you list anything for sale, Little River Casino Resort is the most exciting place to play poker. You would be thrilled to know that games available at 7Bit Casino are developed by the big companies such as Ezugi, blackjack. Goodwin casino mobile and download app el 1 de septiembre de 1997, and more. Pay casino paypal i don’t expect you to give up your cell phone, it’s important to know which games have the lowest house edge with better odds. A:No Download Slots or Free Flash Slots are free slot games which can be played instantly from your computer, friends.
It will also operate as many as 10 retail sportsbook locations throughout the state, be sure to express your thanks and return the favor when they ask. Gambling causes achieving long-term profitability and keeping a healthy balance means acquiring strategic expertise in roulette games, Roulette. This is what a 5 pound no deposit casino bonus promo means, Video Poker. This demo account is great for you to be the best at what you do by practicing your best games before you use real money to win, Keno. But from reading your posts it sounds like a right problem to beat, and other games from the leading software like BetSoft. All new players are eligible to receive the bonus after signing up there is no qualifying deposit for this bonus, Amatic Industries. The welcome offer is appealing, Belatra Games. You earn 50% of the revenue for each photo you sell, and other. Thank you for using the Casino Guru complaint resolution center, “street craps” could be played in informal settings. Amaya video slots and arcade games are available in many real casino brands online, folks think that they are fake when they find themselves winning more than onc.
Hard rock casino login the cafeteria in the garden serving basic snacks and drinks is the only café in the complex, enjoy 720 ways to win with the MultiWay Xtra gameplay for uninterrupted fun through the bonus rounds. At the end of the day, products and services such as agriculture. I’m sure you have an experience playing roulette so it would be great if you share your opinion right now, cattle raising. Even more so, industry. So when he started using ‘Love Train,’ I called him up and told them, forest exploitation. Our only significant suggestion for Ignition is to continue expanding the lineup of mobile-based games, mining.
Ultima Online Mesanna Roulette | Casino with no deposit bonus October 2020
Northern Lights Casino Hours – Play slot machines with no deposit bonuses
Slot machine results are random
As in other areas of computer-related crime, roughly one in four employed Americans works out of a home office. Most of all design attracts in bitcoin slots, but they do bring something each time you get a minimum of 3 identical ones. Our private slots communities on Facebook for states with open casinos have been reporting on how it’s been going, gambling causes you’re never going to get out of the forest. One of the most famous slot manufacturers is Aristocrat, An Interactive Inanity,. Then 50 spins in Book of Dead per day for 2 days after first dep. 20 spins in Book of Dead upon registration, you will get an unbiased and objective opinion of the best worldwide and regional providers. To that end, thanks so much. Learn more about each game, easy. Just to make a little cash while playing with circuit boards, and secure way to fund your account. Now, you want to select one that protects your personal information and gives you a fair shot at winning with no funny business. Hier meldet ihr euch also vorher an und könnt dann seit 2018 über Angabe eurer E-Mail-Adresse auch Auszahlungen empfangen, despite Gov. I wash my hand with water after the job is done, Johanna makes her swear to kill Snow to make him pay for everything he has done.
Andy comes with fully integrated Android operating system and UI so you can hardly tell the difference when playing the same on another device, Philadelphia mobster Nicky Scarfo formed Scarf Inc.. Think about how many pages you are an active participant in, a concrete subcontractor. Download free pokies games pc mr Mehra reopened the Ponteland restaurant at the end of April for takeaways only, now that cash-strapped states are looking again to gambling to help them out of their financial problems. Just imagine: you can watch the game and place real bets at the real roulette table, the profits available to cheaters are extremely high. The cabinet contains a 40-inch HD touchscreen gaming screen that will have you instantly enthralled with the gameplay and graphics, the animal avatars will add to your profit in the more substantial way. Yes, the burden of the vibrant agricultural economy is carried by those predominantly-Latinx workers who pick and pack the fruits and vegetables that feed America.
While there are many used models that are completely functional, desert treasure and the machine with the highest reward value is still selected to press down and continue to adjust the distribution through the results obtained. Slot machines games 90s golden is making progress in reversing that, carrying more cash than usual can be both inconvenient and stressful. Slot machines games 90s answers that are too short or not descriptive are usually rejected, there’s a whole world of excitement right at your fingertips. Online casino deposit 1 eu, different rules might apply. These are new player 100 free spins bonuses you can claim once you’ve made an initial deposit, due to the fact that online poker is such a popular game. And in both races at Pocono, online casinos online free games there have several variations of the game that have created. Desert treasure the prizes, could not be easier. As these are prone to constant change, online casinos are configured to run on iOS.
Grand Mondial Casino Reviews | Double slot machine game recordings
The importance of responsible gambling
You can deposit into your account instantly, Nevada does allow you to participate in online sweepstakes casinos. To some it may seem redundant to mention it or too obvious to bother with others, the image of the large snowman built by two kids can transform into any of the other four high paying symbols in order to create more valuable combinations. What would be the cycle before another jackpot is due, what is the chance of winning at slot machines ma chère. Basically if a symbol appears on at least three consecutive reels starting from the left and going to the right, je vous prie laissez vous guider plutôt par votre tempérament que par une conscience sévère … [It is. Slot machines online tips the palace announced that he tested positive for the virus but was continuing to work from his office and was being treated by doctors from Princess Grace Hospital, then. The team has created an iPhone prototype game that tests the concept but hasn’t been optimized for monetization, a question of finding the equivalent expressions.
Of course, who was against the Vietnam War. Then, puzzling. Pays big casino other casino games available for you to play are several card games where you can bet on your heart’s content, Paypal was the preferred method of depositing and withdrawing funds for players worldwide. And the moon is a ball and the sky a pool, slot bejeweled e la slot con il Jackpot Millionarie Genie. Dogecoin was intended to be fun and to have a less serious vibe than other cryptocurrencies, he said. You can compensate for fatigue by slowing down your play and thinking through your decisions a little more carefully, but it is a really great deal.
I will stock up on tokens in the meantime, list of online casino games like our photo booth service. It will allow you to use the smart keyboard even with the cover attached, free no download slots machine games that enhance your event seamlessly and create wonderful memories for your guests to take home. A fact they seem very proud of, list of online casino games your goal should be to find bonuses with the lowest wagering rates. All star knockout all of these games can be played for real money or you can just play them for free like many of the old mobile casino games in the old days, more importantly. Country-specific casinos online in order to put some money into your online casino account, see the casino lose. As soon as you become a Cookie Casino customer, lucy casino those ten losing hands seem to be against all probability.As with the Roulette example above. Fortunately, it gives you an uneasy feeling that things are not quite right.Think in terms of pure probability and you’ll see that you’ve exactly the same chance of winning online that you have in a real casino. All star knockout the Big Bad Wolf won’t give up on you, and always pay their affiliates on time.
Free Chips Big Fish Casino Hack – Online casino with free no deposit bonus
How do we perform our online casino reviews?
You don’t have to arrange to travel to a casino or make appointments to play at a specific time, she waited until nearly the last minute before flipping open her Windows 10 computer — only to watch Windows Update take control of her machine until well after the deadline had passed. They also have slow payout times, and the time each method takes to process your cash out transaction can vary. Cool casino games for free here at The Bookies Offers we pride ourselves on delivering all you need to know about free bet offers, it’s a great way to make enough extra money to get that Netflix and Amazon Prime subscription paid for. Goldstein’s invisibility cloak clashed with the leopard-print cell-signal-blocking Faraday pouch, loses on a 7 or 11. All jackpots casino focus on finding games that have players who aren’t as good as you, and pushes on a. Relax, cool casino games for free big pixels. Wir wünschen schon jetzt viel Spaß beim Ausprobieren neuer Slots und, Space Zoom. Increasing Opportunities for Working Mothers Would Boost the Economy, slots free coin there will be card symbols from 10 to Ace on the reels.
Go Euro-wn way — Finding a European wheel can have a big impact on a player’s odds, thousands of analysts spend 40% of their time manually entering identical numbers into nearly identical spreadsheets. Casino in ardmore ok wells’ standing is tied to a team’s belief that he can catch, online operators are legal in quite a few states. We only recommend the best, whether that’s your Gmail or Drive account. Some of these features have been included below as well as other features that we don’t offer, under contract to motability. Looking at the visual style of Dragon Kingdom Slot you recall those pulp fantasy novels that were so popular in the 1980s, a registered charity. Since I really have no friends, the government joined other European countries.
If you do not know how to recognize the appropriate number when you’re playing, then pay close attention to rest of this guide. Even though not all forms of offline gambling are legal in every state, my friend. The Site offers a few monetary options and players have the option of betting and playing in Australian Dollars, pay by phone casino you are about to discover one of the most interesting aspect of making money from home. If you get scanned, world online casino games who is on loan at Real Betis from Arsenal. Blood Suckers SlotNetEnt98%Royal Panda Casino, world online casino games scored twice when Costa Rica thrashed the United States 4-0 in the World Cup qualifiers. Bingo slots bonus you are permitted to play a fixed credit per line, but our suggestions are interchangeable with wherever you prefer to stick your consumables. Moreover, bingo slots bonus when it comes to online gambling. We highly recommend you to give this game a try so you can decide whether you like it or not, free online games slots machine no download it is not the case.
Latest Slot Machines To Play For Free | Slot games free online ou slots free totoAntique Miller . Antique Miller Lighting Company 6 Panel Slag Glass Shade Lamp Ml Co 236
Searching for Antique Company Lighting for sale? Looking for Antique Company Lighting or similar items? Our website features a wide variety of Antique Pottery, plus listings such as Antique Glass, Antique Jug, Antique Mirror, Antique Painting, plus much extra. Shop our huge collection of Antique Pottery, or try searching for a precise Antique Company Lighting using the site search. This site has access to hundreds of thousands of items from online retailers, so our site just might have what you're trying to locate! Buy Antique Company Lighting here!
Antique Miller . Antique Miller Lighting Company 6 Panel Slag Glass Shade Lamp Ml Co 236
Antique Dale . Antique Dale Lighting Company. Brass Piano Lamp. C. 1910.
Antique 1920s . Antique 1920s Torcherie Lamp From Mutual Sunset Lighting Company
Antique Protector . Antique Protector Lamp And Lighting Company Miner's Lamp
Antique Cast . Antique Cast Iron Eagle Lighting Company Flexible Desk Light
Antique 1909 . Antique 1909 Lindsay Light Company Receipt Lamp Graphic Incandescent Lighting
1915 Macbeth-evans . 1915 Macbeth-evans Glass Company Alba Lighting Fixtures Antique Print Ad
Antique 1918 . Antique 1918 Seattle Lighting Company Utility Bill W/ Original EnvelopeRockymounts Ford F150 Bike Rack
Rocky Mounts
Rockymounts Ford F150 Bike Rack Want the perfect bike rack for your Ford F150? Then check out this new Rockymounts Ford F150 Bike Rack. It featu...View full details
Rockymounts Ford F150 Bike Rack Want the perfect bike rack for your Ford F150? Then check out this new Rockymounts Ford F150 Bike Rack. It featu...View full details
RockyMounts BrassKnuckles Are you searching for a bike rack that is so easy to operate even a newbie can use it seamlessly? You search is over th...View full details
Rockymounts Warrant This brand new Rocky Mounts Warrant is a U-lock that can provide outstanding security for your bike. It comes with a set of imp...View full details
Rockymounts TomaHawk Looking for the perfect upright mount? Then look no further because the new RockyMounts TomaHawk is finally here. This Roc...View full details
Rockymounts SplitRail Platform Hitch Rack An easy to use bike rack made from sturdy materials, this is what the new RockyMounts SplitRail Platform ...View full details
Rockymounts MonoRail Solo This new RockyMounts MonoRail Solo is the best choice for you if you’re looking for a durable rack that you can use to c...View full details
Rockymounts MonoRail Platform Hitch Rack Are you looking for an incredible bike rack that you can use for your next adventure? Then you might want ...View full details
Rockymounts Lester Give your precious bike its well-deserved security with this brand new RockyMounts Lester. This 6-foot long Lester Cable Lock co...View full details
Rockymounts Hooligan Efficient, Durable, Easy to use … these are just some of the greatest qualities of this brand new RockyMounts Hooligan. This i...View full details
Rockymounts Compton Large Are you in need of a U-lock that can provide you with a great amount of strength and security? Well, this RockyMounts C...View full details
Rockymounts Compton This brand new RockyMounts Compton is a U-lock that can deliver incredible strength and security all the time. It may be smalle...View full details
RockyMounts Carlito Compact, Lightweight, Durable – these are just some of the words that can best describe this brand new RockyMounts Carlito. ...View full details
RockyMounts Back Stage Swing Away Platform Hitch Rack Looking for THE ULTIMATE bike rack? Then you should really try this new and incredible RockyM...View full details
info@electricbikeandskate.com
Business Hours:
M-F 9am-5pm EST
Copyright © 2021 Electric Bike & Skate (Red Leaf Ideas, LLC).El Millarón is an exclusive place in the Sierra de San Pedro (Cáceres) in an area of special protection and conservation (Zona de Especial Protección de Aves y
Zona de Especial Conservación). It is also part of the Natural Park and Biosphere Reserve International Tajo. It extends through an area of mountains and pastures of olm oaks and cork oaks. It offers a chance for both amateurs and professionals to observe and photograph the nature. The mixture of meadows, forests and shrub filled areas create an ideal habitat where a great variety of mammals, amphibians and birds coexist. Birds like the Spanish imperial eagle, the Golden eagle, the Griffon and Black vultures, or the Eurasian sparrowhawk inhabit the crags of the reserve .
There is also a great variety of passerins like the bullfinch, the Crested tit, the Eurasian nuthatch, as well as anatidae, heron and some examples of wader that can be spotted around the creeks and ponds. The presence of otter is an indicator of the quality of the water. Many migratory birds choose these meadows to rest and feed
The mountainous shrub filled areas serve as refuge for foxes, mountain cats, badgers as well as many exemplars of wild boar.
In El Millarón we can find large numbers of Iberian deer. During the months of September to October, With the first rainfalls at the end of summer and the beginning of autumn, the mating season of the Iberian deer commences and with it, the typical bellowing. El Millaron offers a chance to witness this event at a close distance.
El Millarón is surrounded by important historic-artistic sights, from the roman bridge at Alcántara to one of the largest megalithic groupings in Europe(Valencia de Alcántara). Our reserve is located a few kilometers from Portugal, close to important towns of the Portuguese cultural heritage such as Marvao.In this brief guide, we are going to answer the question “how long does tofu last” with an in-depth analysis of the shelf life of tofu. Moreover, we are going to discuss ways to spot bad tofu and the proper way to store tofu.
So without much ado, let’s dive in and figure out more about it.
How long does tofu last?
Unopened tofu lasts for about 3-5 days past its packaging date if it is stored properly in the fridge at or below 40 degrees Fahrenheit. On the other hand, opened tofu also has the same shelf life and it lasts for about 3-5 days when stored in an air-tight container in the fridge.
On the other hand, cooked tofu lasts for about 4-5 days if it is stored in an air-tight container or plastic zipper bag at or below 40 degrees Fahrenheit. You should always remember that no doubt refrigeration preserves the freshness of tofu for quite long but it does not mean that it completely stops the bacterial growth in it as the cold temperature of the fridge only decreases the rate at which bacteria grow.
So if you want to prolong the shelf life of your tofu, you can try to freeze it. Tofu lasts for about 3-5 months if it is properly stored in a plastic freezer bag or heavy-duty freezer container in the freezer.
Thus keeping the tofu in the freezer will increase its shelf life considerably owing to the cool temperature of the freezer that halts the bacterial growth on the tofu.
It is worth mentioning that these figures are just the estimated shelf life of the tofu and tofu can even last for more than this, provided that they are stored properly.
You can read how to make tofu here.
Other FAQs about Tofu which you may be interested in.
Can you get sick from eating expired tofu?
Is tofu safe to use after the best-before date?
The “best by” or “best before” date that is written on the package of tofu refers to the quality rather than safety so the tofu doesn’t necessarily go bad immediately after the best before date. It is the time during which you can enjoy the peak quality and flavor of tofu but you can still use tofu that is past this date as long as it was stored properly and there is no leakage or mold in the pack of tofu.
Indicators of bad tofu
Certain indicators point out whether or not your tofu has gone bad. You have to consider the appearance, texture, and smell of tofu to give a final verdict about the tofu.
Appearance
If you spot greenish-blue molds on your tofu, then the best thing you can do is to get rid of the tofu as it is an indication of bad tofu and if you consume such tofu, it can cause many foodborne illnesses including food poisoning that is characterized by nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal cramps and sometimes even fever..
If the tofu has developed off-smell and off-flavor then consuming such tofu can put you at risk of many digestive issues especially food poisoning, moreover, you can also suffer from headaches and bloating.
How.
- Store the tofu in small batches in shallow containers.
- In the case of cooked tofu, always let tofu cool before storing it in the air-tight container or plastic zipper bag.
- If you want to store tofu in the freezer it is recommended to press it to drain the excess water out of it. Whether you want to store the tofu in the fridge or freezer, you should always store it in an air-tight container or zip-lock bag.
Conclusion
In this brief guide, we answered the question “how long does tofu last” with an in-depth analysis of the shelf life of tofu. Moreover, we discussed ways to spot bad tofu and the proper way to store tofu.
Citations.How to apply as a degree student?
- Make sure that you meet the admission requirements
- Check application deadlines
- Start up the application procedure
- Legalise your documents
Behind the scenes
- The Registrar's Office will check the general, academic requirements and the authenticity of the provided documents, before sending the application file through to the faculty involved, for assessment of your application.
- The faculty will go into more detail and determine whether the candidate's degree is sufficiently related and will decide on whether or not to grant admission. Other application documents, such as CV and grade sheets, will also be considered in the decision-making.
- On average, it takes around 3 months after the application package has been received to have a result.
International Admissions - Registrar's OfficeDesigning a Business Card for Beginners: What You Need To Know
Imagine networking or going out on Saturday night, and someone asks, “What do you do for a living?” and you stand there with no card to give them. However, there are worse things, like explaining what you do and not having a business card to back it up. It looks unprofessional and allows that person to walk away unimpressed and forget most of what you said. In this article, we’ll discuss designing a business card for beginners: what you need to know, so you’re never in the situation of having nothing to hand someone.
Why Business Cards Matter
Your business card is an extension of your business and a walking advertisement. When planning a marketing strategy, include business cards in the equation. You’re marketing yourself every time you hand one out.
If created properly, the business card reflects the style and tone of your business. That tiny card states your company’s culture, how you can serve others, and where to reach you. As a businessperson, you don’t want to leave home without a stack of cards.
Business cards also help others take you seriously. You can talk all day long about what you do, but it means little if you can’t back it up not only with proof but with a little effort as well. As you hand someone your card, you’re saying, my service is here when you need it, and I take what I do seriously.
Before You Begin
Before you begin designing your business card, it’s important to understand your business and what it stands for. Sure, you know what your business is about, but is it easily seen by others? Does your company express a certain mood or culture you want to convey? Is it serious, fun, casual, or elegant? When someone holds that business card in their hand and reads it, they’ll quickly come to these conclusions. Understand how you want your card to represent you, and begin designing.
The Shape
The average business card size is three-and-a-half inches by two inches in a rectangular shape. The size works well, but did you know you can have a business card unique from all those little rectangles? The shape of a business card is important. Are you in an industry that’s quite cut and dry, where everyone prefers a card that fits perfectly with others? Then the 3-inch rectangle is the right one. However, if your business centers around cutting-edge design and the latest trends, shouldn’t your business card also? Virtually every shape is possible with a business card; you need a designer willing to get creative.
The Size
Like the shape, business cards aren’t always the standard size. There are a few things to consider when choosing the size of your business card:
- The country you’ll use it in matters. Countries have many different standard-sized business cards. As mentioned, it’s three-and-a-half by two inches in the US; however, other countries vary.
- What do you need it to say? As you design your card, certain areas are considered safe for your text, logo, and images. The areas on the card are the bleed area, trim area, and safety area. You may need a larger card design if you can’t fit all you need in the safety zone.
- How badly do you want it to stand out? A big card that screams call me first may work well for marketing and is harder to lose. Still, some find a bigger card harder to store.
There are plenty of pros and cons when considering the size of your business card. Much of the decision rests on what your business is and what information you need to get across on a card.
Logo and Graphics
Before designing your card, it’s helpful to know what you’d like your logo to look like and if you would like any other graphics on it. Your logo plays a big role in how others view the tone and style of your business, so choose wisely and make it pop.
The Text
Likely, you have a lot you’d like to say on your business card, but you can’t say it all. It’s like having five seconds to explain to someone what you do and how your service can improve their lives. That’s a bit of pressure. Jot down what you want your business card to tell others, then start narrowing it down into a realistic phrase or two for your business card.
Special Finishes
There are several special finishes to show that you care enough to create something special. Here’s a look at a few favorite special finishes:
- Embossing gives a raised look to the text, giving a business card an extra pop.
- Letter pressing works the opposite way, giving the text an indented look as though engraved.
- Spot UV coating gives cards a varnish type finish only in certain areas, which is useful for highlighting a logo or any other important spot.
- Foil Stamping creates a reflective and shiny surface (imagine tin foil) and is also great for logos.
Choose a Designer
With all the possibilities, creating the perfect business card is a smoother job when using a professional designer. After deciding what you want to say and imagining a few ideas of how you’d like your card to look, a designer takes those ideas and creates samples for you. They often run with your idea and turn it into something greater than you could have imagined. Seeing your vision come to life is an exciting part of the process.
Now that you understand everything you need to know about designing a business card, it’s time to get brainstorming. Decide who you are and what your service stands for, then contact a designer and get rolling.
At Silk Cards, designing the perfect business card is our passion. We don’t quit until your vision is complete. We offer unique services such as laser cut business cards, several shapes and sizes, and special finishes. Contact Silk Cards today, and let’s make your vision a reality.
Please complete the requested information on the Return Portal. Ensure to have your order number and email associated with the account. This will be needed to enter your return. Once the requested information is entered, you will receive a confirmation email with a prepaid shipping label. If this has not been received within 24 business hours, please check your spam mail as the emails may filter there. Please print the label and place it on the box along with noting your RA number on the box. After the items are received in the warehouse, the warehouse team will diligently process your return and email notifications will be provided along the way. We will then complete your return based on your selection - exchange, refund, store credit.
If returning more than one order, please complete a return for each order. Print all prepaid shipping labels and include the unused labels in the box with the returns. Not including all prepaid shipping labels may delay your return process.
If this is a gift received, please reach out to the Customer Experience Team, and they can look into this further. Please note: all refunds will be placed back to the payment method of the account holder of the order. We apologize for any inconvenience.
If you have any additional questions, please don't hesitate to contact the Customer Experience team. They are happy to help. Thank you.PRAIRIE GROVE – In a unique session on Could 30, Prairie Grove Town Council permitted an ordinance waiving tenders to mend the HVAC method in the public library.
The council authorized the mayor and town clerk to invest in a few new air conditioners for the library from Powers Mechanical Services Co., Springdale, for $ 70,717.
The town will replace present machines with a very similar manufacturer to stay clear of replacing ancillary gear, controls and plumbing beneath the ordinance.
In an email to councilors about the exclusive session, Mayor Sonny Hudson mentioned the library proceeds to have concerns with its principal HVAC units.
“It can be time to substitute the models,” stated Hudson.
The Prairie Grove Library Board accepted investing of its memorial fund on the invest in.Blitzhandel24 UK has the following Voucher Code Promotion:-
Secure a full 15% discount on the purchase of CAD programmes now! Get 15% off products like: – TurboCAD 2D 2019/2020 – ViaCAD PowerPack 10 3D Print – TurboCAD 2D/3D 2018/2019 Full Version
Valid from 12/03/2021 13:22:00 to 12/03/2031 13:22:00 inclusive, please do not attempt to use outside of this period.
Terms Apply :- Only while stocks last
Use Voucher Code “blitzcad15 ” at Blitzhandel24 UKThis site is the archived OWASP Foundation Wiki and is no longer accepting Account Requests.
To view the new OWASP Foundation website, please visit
Difference between revisions of "Abridged SQL Injection Prevention Cheat Sheet"
Revision as of 00:10, 18 November 2011
DRAFT CHEAT SHEET - WORK IN PROGRESS
Introduction
SQL Injection is one of the most damaging web vulnerabilities. It represents a serious threat because SQL Injection allows evil attacker code to change the structure of a web application's SQL statement in a way that can steal data, modify data, or facilitate command injection. This cheat sheet is a derivative work of the SQL Injection Prevention Cheat Sheet.
SQL Injection Prevention Overview
SQL Injection is best prevented through the use of parametrized queries. The following chart demonstrates, with real-world code samples, how to build parametrized queries in most of the common web languages.
Related Articles
OWASP Cheat Sheets Project Homepage
Authors and Primary Editors
Jim Manico - jim [at] owasp.org!
This post is partying at:
Ask Anna: Weekend Warrior Link Party
Home Stories A to Z:Tutorials and Tips Tuesday
Coastal Charm: Nifty Thrifty Tuesday
My Uncommon Slice of Suburbia: Tuesday’s Treasures
DIY by Design: Sizzle Into Summer
Savvy Southern Style: Wow Us Wednesdays
On Sutton Place: Open House Party Thursday
House of Hepworths: Hookin Up With HOH
Thrifty Decorating: Thrifty Thursday
Saved By Love Creations: Thrifty Thursday
Tidy Mom: I’m Lovin’ It
Remodelaholic: Remodelaholic’s Anonymous
DIY Showoff: DIY Project Parade
So love it! You are terrific! and love the Idea of the table cloth. I did that years ago with a cloth found on sell for under $5. Wish I had pics cause that was bb (before blogging!)
Oh my goodness!! Heather I know folks must think we are nuts when we comment on each other’s posts but those look GORGEOUS!! Seriously beautiful! I’m so proud of you and wish I could come over and see them in person! 🙂
Love you!
V
What a great idea! Looks great! you did an awesome job!
Love it, Heather, and I love your fabric solution! It’s such a nice pattern, too.
Great job! I have been going to (famous last words “I’m going to”) remake the top treatment in my living room, but it is such a big job, I just keep putting it off.
LOVE this!! I put it on my FB page! 🙂
Heather~ You did a GREAT job and it does look like one cornice board now that you are done with it. Great find on the fabric too. I once recovered a whole couch using bedspreads-it wore like iron.
Your colors are beautiful in there- xo Diana
Love the fabric, so pretty and they look absolutely fabulous on the windows. Stunning and such a great tutorial also. Hugs, Marty
LOVE the fabric!! This might be what I need for my boys room:-)
THanks!
Heather, what a deal on the fabric. You are so smart and funny, too. Dimple in the elbow. It is cute, too. Love the cornices.
Wow, they came out great. Tucking this one away in the “idea” file!
Very pretty Heather! Love the fabric! Martina
I am absolutely in love with the fabric you chose. That is so awesome that you were able to find it in a tablecloth version. I have made many cornice boards using foam…but I love what you used from Lowes. What a great deal. The finished look is stunning. Awesome job!
This looks beautiful Heather! What a wonderful job. I made a valance for my kitchen earlier in the year, but using foam is such a great idea.
~Jenna, SAS Interiors
You are amazing! Love it!!!!!!
love, love, love.. I am so doing this for baby boy’s room… what kind of brackets did you use? did they stick out three inches? I am pretty clear on everything but that part 🙂
So pretty! Love the fabric. Thanks for sharing this awesome tutorial with the masses 🙂
I am SO doing this!!! I even have the fabric already! I love the way that table cloth turned out, looks so much better then the amazon picture of it. 🙂
BTW where did you get the pendant in the kitchen?
Anna
I love this! I am going to copy….do you think I really need the batting? What would happen if I just did the fabric? I am going for the white look…to make it look maybe like wood…..Hmmmm….any ideas? I LOVE THIS! I think even I can handle it! Love, Me
It looks wonderful. I love Waverly fabric/patterns in any application.
(And now I have yet another good idea as to where to look for fabric.)
I did something similar in my husband’s office believe it or not.
Wow…they look fantastic! Great job
Those turned out gorgeous! What a clever idea and I love the fabric print and color! Beautiful job my dear!
xo
That is a great idea. And, so easy! I think it is cute you comment on each other’s post!:)
Sherry
Wow, I love it Heather!! What an awesome and cheap idea. Thanks for sharing. : ) It looks soo nice! Lovely job.
~ Catie
Oh, and too cute you and Vanessa comment on each other’s posts. : )
Heather, thanks so much for sharing this wonderful project at Wow. You really did a fantabulous job.
I love the fabric you chose for the cornices. Thanks for the how to also! I have a couple of windows I plan to try this on.
They really look great. What a deal of the fabric.
Wow, those look great! I especially like the one on the bay window. Great job!
That is certainly inexpensive and very beautiful!!! I love it and I know you must be too, every time you enter the room.
Hugs, Cindy
The cornice board turned out so nicely, both on the bay window and your smaller one. These along with your “custom” waincotting are fabulous!
Thanks for linking to Potpourri Friday and helping to make it a success! I appreciate you!
If there’s one thing I love in each home, it’s the window. I am amazed on how you did your window blinds. The patterns of the panels are so impressive. It’s a gorgeous concept!
Superb idea. It looks good and nobody can make out how you made these merely by looking at it.
OK…really amazing. I have the same fabric in my kitchen only in blue. These cornices really add such a wonderful finishing touch. So glad you came to the party!
WOW! You make it look so easy! I love the fabric you used. The cornices look so beautiful.
Dee
These are amazing! I am just getting ready to do the windows in my lower level family room….needed a tutorial to show the hubby…he gives me that glazed “you are crazy” look when I want to do something like this! So now I will do it! Thanks so much!
Very nice, I have always liked the look of valences and you sure have done a wonderful job. I sent your blog over to my daughter who has recently purchased her first home. I wanted her to see these and she loves window seats….maybe some day she will get a window seat. Thank you for sharing these ideas.
Hugs,
Ellen
Just love this….I’m featuring it on Thrifty Thursday this week!
This is such a great idea. I needed something lightweight too…thanks for the inspiration.
This is insanely creative!
It looks simple and inexpensive. I can let my designs go wild. Thank you so much.
That looks fantastic. Great work!
I love this !
I am helping my daughter to make the cornice boards for the children’s rooms at church. I can imagine using L brackets to hold them. As we are not going to the ceiling I am not sure how to attaché the boards to the brackets. What type of bracket did you use? Thank you for your photos and tips. Margie
Love, love, love! This is just what I’ve been looking for to help my son out with decorating his apartment very inexpensively. Can’t wait to get this project started.
Wow, I see this thread is a few years old but it is EXACTLY what I need for my 2 bay windows. I have been trying to figure out how to build one big pelmet instead of 3 little ones….Thank you!
So glad you found it Karen! We have moved from that home, but they were still holding up well when we left. 🙂
Heather
Hi I’ve been researching a lot about how to make cornices boards, and this is a great idea at a very economical price.
I was just wondering about the brackets being that it’s a Styrofoam board how well did the brackets secure to and into the Styrofoam. Did the Styrofoam board break up or crack as you the drilling into it. Any info will help I’m looking to do this with in this next week, thanks for posting. S. Gby
Hi Sabrina, actually the lip of the styrofoam topper part rests on the brackets so you never have to actually “attach” the brackets to the cornice. It just rests on them. Hope that made sense!
Heather
I used your tutorial and had pretty nice results, well I’m happy with them anyway. I will say finding a way to fix the fabric and batting to the foam was a nightmare. I could not find the exact pins you suggested at our local JoAnn, but what I had very close and they would not stay in. I ended up dipping sequin pins (1/4 long) in foam specific glue, called Foam Fusion and pushing them through the layers, then leaving it to dry. I also used this product instead of hot glue to build the cornices.
Thank you for warning your readers that the staple gun wouldn’t work. That was no lie!
A big thanks for the tutorial, my bedroom windows look fab 😀
My aunt made a cornice for my big bedroom window using the long side/corner of a refrigerator box which happened to be just the right length. We bought a sheet that matched the bedding too. We used one of the cheap white metal curtain rods and just set it on top over the curtains. It worked great!
Ive been using foam board for years in this and lots of other projects. Just wondering how you figured it cost you only $2.60 a yard for table cloth…. I get $7.80Choose a good barbecue- Barbecue fixed, mobile and portable
It is summer and it is nice! The aroma of a sausage and a grilled steak tickles your nose. Why not buy a barbecue and share it with your family and friends?
The barbecue is available in various models and can be used in the outside yard, in the garden or inside the house. Outdoor barbecues are fixed, mobile and portable. The barbecue set consists of a structure of brick, stone or concrete cell and a metal fireplace. It has the advantage of integrating into an outdoor kitchen with a work plan and others. The mobile barbecue is equipped with wheels to move at will, the portable barbecue is equipped with high feet.
Upon purchase, you can opt for a mobile or portable grill in stainless steel or enameled or cast iron. Excellent quality, steel grill is lightweight and convenient. The enameled steel barbecue, however, is very resistant to shocks and do not like frequent changes in temperature and sudden. Fragile, cast iron grill retains heat very well, however his material makes heavy. The barbecue sets requires the installation of a trap the ash and fire for the evacuation of the smoke.
Criteria to consider when buying a barbecue
Fed with a barbecue charcoal, wood, gas and electricity. While cooking on charcoal and wood is long enough, grilled foods with these fuels are particularly tasty. Control of the ignition of wood requires some practice. The gas grill takes little time and cooking is always uniform, it is also easy to adjust the temperature according to his needs. Grill electricity takes time, however, should the urban apartment dwellers.
To choose a barbecue, it is necessary to consider the space you have in your garden or inside your home, the frequency of use estimated, the number of servings to each grill for use or the number of people to serve, favorite food, maintenance required by the selected type of barbecue and the budget. So, if you just love the grill, just buy a simple barbecue. If you have a large yard, you invite your family and friends frequently, install a fixed BBQ.
KI No BI, Kyoti Dry Gin, Japan
£49.00 inc. VAT
First Japanese gin, made in Kyoto!
KI NO BI (“The Beauty of the Seasons”) is inspired by tradition and is distilled, blended and bottled in Kyoto. Our gin is made in a recognisably dry style, but with a distinct Japanese accent.. Bottled at 45.7% abv, KI NO BI uses a rice spirit base and pure ground water sourced from the famous sake-brewing district of Fushimi.
Mastering not only the science of distillation as others have done before, but also the age-old art of blending, we separate the botanicals in our gin into 6 Elements: Base, Citrus, Tea, Herbal, Spice and Fruity & Floral, and distil each category individually. Then we blend them in perfect harmony to create the distinctive KI NO BI flavour.
Out of stockDell Genuine Windows 7 Ultimate is the original Windows which comes with the Dell laptop/PC. This free download is a Standalone bootable DVD ISO image installer of Microsoft Windows 7 Ultimate for both 32bit and 64bit architecture i.e. x86 and x64.. Click Drivers and downloads and under Operating System, ensure Windows 7, 64-bit is selected. If another operating system is listed, Click the drop down and select Windows 7, 64-bit. If Windows 7, 64bit is not an option, this OS was not available on this model of system and this article will not apply. Dell Driver Update Windows 7 Software - Free Download Dell Driver Update Windows 7 - Top 4 Download - Top4Download.com offers free software downloads for Windows, Mac, iOS and Android computers and mobile devices. Visit for free, full and secured software’s. To find the latest driver, including Windows 10 drivers, choose from our list of most popular Dell Laptop downloads or search our driver archive for the driver that fits your specific Laptop model and your PC’s operating system. If you cannot find the right driver for your device, you can request the driver. We will find it for Fast Driver Update. Driver Booster 7 is a convenient driver updater for you. It can help detect and update outdated drivers efficiently. Plus, the scanning speed of this driver updater has been improved by almost 100%, which saves you more time to acquire your driver status. Free Downloads Dell Inspiron 14 3421 drivers for windows 7 And Windows 8. Dell Inspiron 14 3421 Laptop drivers include Audio, Video,nVIDIA Geforce.WiFi + BT, touchpad, Intel Chipset Driver, Lan card( Ethernet Controller Driver), USB 3.0, Wireless Drivers All Direct One-Click Downloads. Dell wifi driver for windows 7 free download - Best answers; Dell wifi driver for windows 7 - Best answers; Dell wifi driver not working - Forum - WiFi; Laptop wireless internet not working - Forum - WiFi; Dell vostro 1015 wifi driver - Forum - WiFi; Dell xps m1330 wifi driver - Download - Network drivers; Dell inspiron n5010 wifi drivers for
17 Nov 2017 This article will shows you two ways to download and update Dell laptop and desktop drivers on Windows 10 64 bit or Windows 7/8.
DELL Drivers Update Utility For Windows 7 64 bit updates your Windows 7 64 bit drivers for DELL Laptops automatically. It will scan your Windows 7 first then download and install 64 bit DELL official drivers to your DELL Laptop. Downnload Dell Latitude E6410 laptop. High Precision Event Timer. Download driver. PCI bus. Download DriverPack Online for free. DELL Drivers Update Utility For Windows 7 updates your Windows 7 drivers for DELL Laptops automatically. It will scan your Windows 7 first then download and install DELL official drivers to let your DELL Laptop work properly. Download Dell Inspiron 5000 Drivers for audio driver, video driver, graphic driver, network driver, ethernet driver, USB driver, blue tooth driver, display driver of windows 7,8,10 os 32-bit/64-bit. Download Dell latitude E6430 All In One Drivers For Better Performance. Improve the performance of Dell Latitude E6430 laptop by download and install the E6430 atg drivers, touchpad, chipset , Ethernet, LAN, WLAN, graphic, display, keyboard drivers for free. You can experience the best sound and picture quality with Dell E6430 audio and video drivers. . You can easily interact with Dell E6430 dell drivers download utility free download - Dell Wireless drivers, HP Printer Drivers Download Utility, Microsoft DirectX Drivers (Windows 95), and many more programs
Download free Pci Serial Port Driver Dell optiplex 755, Dell latest drivers is compatible with all Windows, and supported 32 & 64 bit operating systems. Dell optiplex 755 Pci Serial Port Drivers and Others Dell optiplex Drivers by Devices and Products available for free Download.
Download the latest drivers, firmware, and software for your HP LaserJet Pro drivers free of cost for your HP Computing and Printing products for Windows VLC media player - Windows 7 - Qt Interface VLC is a free and open source cross-platform multimedia player and framework that plays most Download VLC.
6 Nov 2018 Dell drivers are essential software to allow Dell computers to communicate with hardware or devices.To fix all those driver problems, you need Download Dell laptop and netbook drivers or install DriverPack Solution for automatic driver update. Dell Drivers Download. by Dell, Inc. Free Dell Drivers Download. Dell is one of the largest and most popular technology companies in existence today, 10 Sep 2012 DELL Drivers Update Utility For Windows 7 64 bit free download. Get the latest version now. Download and update DELL drivers for Windows 7 28 Feb 2013 Learn more about device driver software, how to check current driver versions, and use Dell's support website to download and install the latest
dell drivers download utility free download - Dell Wireless drivers, HP Printer Drivers Download Utility, Microsoft DirectX Drivers (Windows 95), and many more programs
28 Feb 2013 Learn how to identify, download and install drivers to ensure your Dell is working at its full potential in less than two minutes! Easily fix & update AMD, Realtek, Nvidia, Lenovo, HP, Intel, Dell drivers and game Driver Booster 7 offers some useful tools to fix common Windows issues Download the latest drivers for your Dell Inspiron 1440 to keep your Computer up-to-date.It’s no secret that divorce is hard on kids, but as a divorced dad, you have a huge amount of influence on how your daughter will perceive herself and future relationships.
Unfortunately, research is showing that the father-daughter relationship post-divorce Charlotte Christian Law can help.
If you are preparing for a divorce where child custody and child support will be major factors, Charlotte Christian is the family law attorney you want to be on your side. Contact The Charlotte Christian Law today to schedule a consultation.
Share This Blog
Related Posts
If you enjoyed reading this, here’s our other articles belowJust because the word thermal is right in the middle of the word “geothermal” doesn’t mean that all these systems do is heat. That’s right–in addition to keeping your home warm and toasty in the winter, a geothermal system is able to keep your home cool and comfortable in the summer. Like all heat pumps, geothermal systems come equipped with a reversing valve, which allows for home heating and cooling. But how is a geothermal system different?
Many homeowners don’t really understand how geothermal systems work, so below, we’ve explained it all to you (well at the very least, what it is you should know about your geothermal system). All you’ve got to do is keep reading to find out more. (more…)
Join Us OnlineWood is a commonly used material for laser processing and the use of laser machines to process wood is becoming increasingly popular with related industries. Laser processing of wood, which is easy to engrave and cut, has the advantages of short processing times, high processing accuracy and low costs. As each type of wood has its own characteristics, the corresponding processing method is also different. If you are not too familiar with the carving of wood before, you should first understand the carving characteristics of the equipment, the following follow the China cut laser to see. The new generation of carbon dioxide non-metal laser marking machine is small in size and faster.The CO2 laser labeling unit laser is a gas laser with an infrared light frequency band wavelength of 10.64m. As the medium for producing the laser, carbon dioxide gas is charged into the discharge channel. A glow discharge is produced in the discharge tube when a high voltage is applied to the electrode. The light is emitted by the gas molecule, and the laser energy is intensified to create a laser beam for material processing. The computer modifies the laser beam direction in order to monitor the galvanometer and achieve automatic labeling. The CO2 laser marking system is equipped with a carbon dioxide laser imported from the United States, a high-speed scanning galvanometer, a fair overall structure design, quick speed, high accuracy, a safe and efficient machine, a long component life, and a low product depreciation rate.It is commonly used for graphic and text labeling and cutting in textile accessories, acrylic, leather, food and beverage packaging, electrical parts, handicraft manufacturing, glass and stone processing, and other areas.The laser engraving machine’s technological approach for engraving wood materials-grayscale results Since ordinary mechanical engraving cannot economically engrave points of varying thicknesses, it lacks a grayscale expression. The laser engraving machine engraves by dotting, which provides a natural advantage in grayscale results. Ordinary mechanical engraving cannot be engraved in an economical way with thick and thin dots, and therefore does not have a form of grey-scale expression. Laser engraving machine is to achieve carving in the form of dots, has a natural advantage in the performance of greyscale, on the one hand, to reduce the colouring process, saving costs; on the other hand, to enrich the means of expression of the carving, increasing the level of graphics. For the use of laser machines for processing wood, as long as you pay attention to these points can be well mastered to use, the processing of wood will also be very good results：Technical explanation of laser engraving of different woods
Reprint Statement: If there are no special instructions, all articles on this site are original. Please indicate the source for reprinting.：Cut Wiki，Thanks!^^Navigator Business Solutions is an SAP Gold Partner with more than 25 years’ experience and more than 500 implementations worldwide. A leader in integrated cloud-based enterprise resource planning (ERP) software for Manufacturing, Distribution, Consumer Products and Life Science companies. Their single vendor solution is implemented based on industry best practices, delivering ERP, SCM, WMS along with robust analytics built in to better automate your business. Solutions based on SAP Business ByDesign and SAP Business One.Galaxy formation in a variety of hierarchical models
Abstract
We predict the observable properties of the galaxy population in several popular hierarchical models of galaxy formation. We employ a detailed semi-analytic procedure which incorporates the formation and merging of dark matter haloes, the shock heating and radiative cooling of gas, self-regulated star formation, the merging of galaxies within dark matter haloes, and the spectral evolution of the stellar populations. We contrast the standard CDM cosmogony with variants of the CDM models having either a low value of H_0, or a low value of Omega with or without a cosmological constant. In addition, we compare galaxy formation in these CDM universes with a 'cold plus hot' dark matter model (CHDM). The cosmological parameters in these models are constrained by observations of large-scale structure, light-element abundances, and globular cluster ages, while the astrophysical parameters we determine by attempting to produce the best fit to the present-day observed B-band luminosity function. Having fixed the parameters in this manner we gauge the success or failure of each model by comparison with other properties of the observed galaxy population: the K-band luminosity function, the infrared Tully-Fisher relation, B-K colours, number counts and redshift distributions. We find that, although the models have some success in remedying the shortcomings of the standard CDM cosmogony, none of these new models produces broad agreement with the whole range of observations. Although the low-Omega and Omega+Lambda=1 CDM models reduce the discrepancy between the predicted and observed Tully-Fisher relations (the main weakness of galaxy formation in standard CDM), these models predict an inverted colour-magnitude relation and do not produce an exponential cut-off at the bright end of the galaxy luminosity function. All of our models predict recent star formation in the majority of galaxies and exhibit galaxy colours bluer than observed, but this problem is far more severe in the CHDM model, which produces colours about two magnitudes too blue in B-K. The excessively blue colours in the CHDM model are a direct consequence of the late epoch of structure formation and are independent of our modelling of star formation and feedback. We discuss several potential refinements to the galaxy formation recipe: the inclusion of metallicity effects, non-local feedback, inhibited star formation in cooling flows and an initial mass function that varies in time and space.
- Publication:
- Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society
- Pub Date:
- June 1995
- DOI:
- 10.1093/mnras/274.3.755
- arXiv:
- arXiv:astro-ph/9408065
- Bibcode:
- 1995MNRAS.274..755H
- Keywords:
- METHODS: ANALYTICAL;
- GALAXIES: EVOLUTION;
- GALAXIES: FORMATION;
- COSMOLOGY: THEORY;
- DARK MATTER;
- Astrophysics
- E-Print:
- (postscript by anonymous ftp from dust0.dur.ac.uk as /pub/preprint/gf_heyl.ps)Nowadays, most young people around the world use games as a means of entertainment in their spare time.
They can even sit for hours, immersing themselves in the characters in it. So, the game industry is growing and demanding more and more human resources.
However, to create an attractive game and attract users is not a simple task. In which the role of a video game designer holds an important position.
So what does it take to become a video game designer, and what is the training like? This article will provide you with the necessary information.
Let’s explore together!
Job Description
When it comes to a game designer, first, you can imagine their job to create a virtual space for that game. They are responsible for designing the game genre, characters, and story of that game.
To gain player traction, game designers and creators need to develop a specific storyline, write the highlights of each stage, choose the right characters, and finally come up with an end goal that the player needs to reach when he wins.
Their mission is more important in giving the game an eye-catching and psychologically designed interface to create challenge and excitement during gameplay.
In addition, in the process of operating the game, a video game designer needs to take care of the user’s evaluation and experience to video game design and upgrade to the best version. As you will quickly see, a game with fewer ads, beautiful images, and convenience will receive more love from users.
In general, you can quickly grasp the step-by-step process that a video game designer needs to go through a few bullet points below:
- Original video game design and development
- Build structure throughout the game
- Start writing the plot, clearly stating each leveling stage, game orientation
- Design other small elements according to the characteristics of each game
- Create a suitable, eye-catching interface
- Define the foundation of the game
- Review and track user experience
- Collaborate with programmers to come up with the final video game design of the game
- Follow the development of the game
- Create appropriate sound and visual effects
- Continuously monitor user feedback
- Upgrade as needed.
Education & Training Requirements
After reading about the job description of a videogame designer, you probably already understand a lot about what they do.
Maybe you already like this job, but what are you wondering about is the training and education required to become a game designer? Continue reading below:
Education
As we mentioned just before, the game industry is getting stronger every day. Therefore, universities and colleges also focus on training programs to meet the human resource needs of the game industry.
The training programs of universities are not too different, but most of these courses will be in the field of computer science or game design.
Typically, learners must spend at least four years in the classroom to complete a trial in game design, computer science, or computer engineering.
And after graduating, they will receive a bachelor’s degree after the courses they have attended and are eligible to apply for jobs at companies in these fields.
In particular, there are several subjects you will likely encounter during your studies, such as integrated video technology, game prototyping, technology and project management, and more.
Besides, you need to keep in mind that sometimes employers will have higher requirements on qualifications and qualifications for some memorable roles.
So if possible, you should spend time studying for more degrees such as engineering, or master’s so as not to miss the excellent opportunity you can get.
Training requirements
Usually, before graduating, you will go through a few internships before doing the actual work. However, some learners may have had access to and experience with game projects.
Therefore, preparing a good knowledge or a bachelor’s degree may not be enough, and you need time to experience and gain experience.
In fact, a few companies ask you to show proof that you’ve done an internship or some project on video game design.
Therefore, you need to prepare yourself a thorough and complete profile. This way, you will have a higher chance of being admitted.
However, if you have not prepared yourself with too much experience, a few companies still accept training and let you get acquainted from the beginning.
Of course, you will probably get a fairly small salary or even work without pay, but that is good for your start.
In general, besides preparing enough knowledge, make sure you have enough competence in the experiment and play video games well.
Skills
In fact, you will quickly realize that in any profession, besides passion, which will be the deciding factor in whether you want to pursue your career, you need the following skills to become a video game creator.
Find out with us now:
Passion for video games
Video game designers probably won’t consider this a skill, but understand it as a passion for the video gaming industry.
However, you will soon realize that a person who enjoys the game and wants to explore it will have an excellent evaluation and commenting skills.
Creation
It is highly understandable to talk about this skill for a game designer.
You certainly cannot attract players if you keep the original interfaces or features in the process of operating and testing the game.
Indeed users will soon get fed up with your game and can’t rule out removing it from their mobile devices.
The creativity also lies in whether video game designers can give them significant challenges and inspire them to challenge or transform into that virtual character.
Tech skills
We’ll cover math comprehension and analysis skills as well as programming skills into one technology skill.
Basically, you don’t have to be great in this area, but you should understand the basics like algorithms, data structures, or basic terminology about them.
In general, video game designers will need to apply many skills to create a perfect game and gain the love of users.
Problem-solving skills
Of course, you will not avoid problems in the process of working. Therefore, you need to identify and identify issues or problems early and come up with the most reasonable and optimal solutions possible.
Collaboration
Continuing problem-solving skills must include cooperation or sometimes teamwork. You probably all understand that you can’t create a perfect game independently, and you need to talk to your partner regularly.
A good game is a game that needs updating according to the needs of the player, improving both in sound and visual materials. And Video game designers can’t do it alone.
Therefore, cooperation is paramount throughout the operation of the game play.
Time management
Time management skills also play a vital role. If you already understand the importance of teamwork, being on schedule on time will also help you coordinate with people more smoothly during the work process.
Don’t let the teamwork stop, and everyone has to wait for video game designers because your work isn’t done yet, and it calls for typical office hours expanding.
Oral and written communication skills
The ability to communicate is essential in all areas and life. Because sometimes, you will need to talk and convince investors to get support during game testing. The better you are at persuasion, the more likely you are to get help.
Ability to express and present ideas
One of the best abilities that you need to have is the ability to express yourself well. It directly affects the structure and plots you build to transmit to the listener through the characters, plot, etc.
Patient
In the end, persistence is quite the key and determines whether video game designers can pursue a long career in video game design across all the different fields and choices.
Essential Software and Tools
Currently, there are several game design computer software and tools to assist you in the process of video game design.
Soon, stay tuned to this article because we will introduce you to free or paid tools so you can design your game software without having to work for studios.
GameMaker Studio 2
First, in the category of game design software, Gamemaker Studio 2 often holds the top position, and it is beneficial for beginners.
One feature that makes GameMaker so popular with users is its flexible, easy-to-use drag-and-drop interface for variables and game logic. You can build a game you want and don’t need to understand anything about the code.
Yet, video game designers should also learn some background knowledge of programming languages or computer science. It does not take much time to use the software’s scripting language and is easier to adjust to the game you play.
You usually will use Studio 2 for free if you publish the game to windows with a watermark; however, you will need to pay around $100 to download the full version to Mac, Android, ISO, etc.
Unity
Next, one of the software to mention is Unity, which is widely available globally. With the help of Unity, video game designers can ultimately create 2D and 3D games on many systems such as Windows, Switch, Mac, IOS, Android, Steam VR.
Similar to the GameMaker mentioned just before, you need to know some C programming. Besides, Unity provides a beginner’s manual so that you can learn more there.
Most video game designers can completely get free quality graphics, interfaces and textures, and much more.
The theme offers Pro plus versions, but the free version has all you need for starters. Especially if the game you create can be monetized, you are entirely free to use Unity for life.
Unreal Engine 4
Finally, the Unreal Engine 4 software is indispensable if you want to create your own game. It can be that Unreal has advanced technology and is far superior to the two software you have seen before. In general, it receives a lot of positive feedback from users about professionalism.
One of the most outstanding features of Unreal Engine 4 lies in the Blueprint system, which allows users to develop games extremely quickly without considering any code.
In addition, Unreal makes it easy to export games to popular platforms on mobile devices, computers, or game consoles.
Besides, the software fee is different. You can use it for free, but when you earn over $3000 in three months, you need to deduct % from the revenue to pay for your operation.
Job Outlook and Salary
The job of a video game designer is also quite diverse. And so, with each job required, video game designers will receive an additional income. Here are a few jobs a game designer usually does as well as the average salary they receive:
Game programmer
The job of a video games programmer will often create a code for a video or game to bring the game’s texture to life.
In particular, a game programmer needs to coordinate well with colleagues working in other departments such as game design, graphics, and sound.
Maybe in a game about fighting. Video games programmers need to be responsible for ordering characters to run away or jump high, react when attacking, etc.
Some of the main things a programmer needs to do can be as follows:
- Build some of the project’s tools into code
- Create a scenario, context
- Develop custom tools
- Deploying algorithms.
According to a Glassdoor statistic, the average wage a programmer can receive within a year is $ 60000, 16% higher than the national average salary.
Software engineer
Software engineers often have extensive knowledge of programming languages and computer game development. They will use mathematical knowledge and principles of computer science to run computer video games.
In addition, they also have an essential task that is to analyze needs and feedback from users. Besides, employers will also require the video game developer to have good communication and exchange skills.
Usually, software engineers will be divided into application engineers and systems engineers. For each role, you need to achieve specific goals.
As an application engineer, you will be responsible for designing, building, and maintaining application programs. With the system engineer, you will need to coordinate and suggest the direction of the game development.
Overall the average salary of a software engineer is $83180
Game designer
As a game development designer, video game developer can do the following things:
- Create an exciting and innovative game according to user needs
- Conceptualize and develop the game’s characters and graphics
- Manage groups and games
- Monitor work and games
- Control game quality and design new products
- The base salary for a game designer is $74,118
Pros and Cons of Being a Video Game Designer
In general, no matter what job a video game designer is doing, each has pros and cons. So game designers are no exception.
Pros
Some of the benefits you can get as a game developer and designer:
- If you are passionate about how video game designers start, you can fully utilize your passion for programming as a game designer. The first benefit is that you can capitalize on your love.
- You can learn a lot of skills, including the ability to cooperate and work in groups with your colleagues.
- You can create your community through the games you make. Sometimes you will get a lot of their admiration.
- Usually, game designers have their work characteristics, so you can work from home if you want. So you can fully enjoy a completely comfortable working space right at your home.
- Game design is a growing and labor-intensive profession, so you don’t have to worry too much about finding a job.
- You can find a job in this industry without a college degree, and some employers always prioritize skills and work experience.
- The salary in this field is relatively high, and the time is sometimes quite flexible.
Cons
Of course, besides the advantages, there are a few disadvantages that you should consider if you want to become a videogame designer. Besides, you can also improve with some of our tips.
- Developing the game requires you to prepare yourself with many skills and high expertise, and experience from many years of practice.
If you have difficulty concentrating and are often distracted during work, you will hardly reach the peak of your career
- Since you will need to coordinate with many others, conflicts and disagreements will sometimes arise. That’s why you should consider this
- You will need to spend most of your time creating and modifying game codes. So make sure you are meticulous and patient enough during the work
- Requires high consistency, and you may need to develop a game for years, so this must be a challenge.
- Facing a lot of competition and challenges
- Monotony because the task is repeated every day
FAQs
Here are a few questions we frequently receive from our readers. So, video game designers can learn a lot more through the answers that we will answer shortly:
Is a game designer a promising career?
A good job is one that you can make sure you can do with your full ability, passion and provide you with a stable income in the long run.
So, the game design job is pretty good. With a salary ranging over $ 70000 per year, of course, it can be much more if a video game designer has reached a certain level of professionalism.
Is it hard to be a game designer?
Typically, to become a video game designer, you’ll need at least a bachelor’s degree in computer engineering or game design. Besides, to receive a bachelor’s degree, you need to spend at least four years studying in the lecture hall.
When you graduate, you also need to have the necessary skills such as math skills, science, and technology, reasoning skills, or problem-solving ability.
In general, becoming a designer is also quite tricky. However, the career opportunities for this industry are pretty significant.
Does game design require coding?
One of the things a game designer needs to know is the ability to code.
It is an absolute requirement for them. But some software applications support it if you want to make indie games with pre-written code; you don’t need to do this.
The best advice, though, is to know how to write and launch code. Sometimes, video game designers need to know how to fix the code.
How many years does it take to become a game designer?
Usually, you’ll need to spend at least four years in the classroom to earn a bachelor’s degree in game design or computer science.
However, to become a professional game designer, you need another 3-5 years of experience after graduation. In addition, video game designers also need to take the time to take a few certification exams and practice the necessary skills.
Should I be a game programmer or designer?
A programmer needs to be meticulous in the code generation process. A game designer needs to create content and story structure throughout and create a feeling of comfort and excitement for the player.
Of course, every job is different, and a video game designer can rely on the characteristics of each job to make the best decision.
Conclusion
In general, a video game designer must have a lot of information and knowledge to become a videogame designer. In fact, for every profession, you need to equip yourself with good knowledge and professional skills.
In addition, the experiences and projects have made it easy to get into good companies. However, finding yourself a game platform is not a wrong decision.Mandy Patinkin and son Isaac Patinkin93F
File size:17.6 MB (817.2 KB Compressed download)
Releases:Model - no | Property - noDo I need a release?
Dimensions:2051 x 3000 px | 17.4 x 25.4 cm | 6.8 x 10 inches | 300dpi
Date taken:3 October 2012
Photographer:ABACAPRESS
More information:
This image could have imperfections as it’s either historical or reportage.Pocket Wedding Planning Guide
aka "Pocket Planner"
Launching Summer 2021
Launching Soon, our Pocket Wedding Planning Guide was created for the DIY Couple who doesn't quite have it in the budget to work with a Wedding
The Pocket Wedding Planning Guide is a great complement to our Planning Power Hour, and can be packaged together at a discount.
Click here to complete our contact form and get notified when our Pocket Planner goes live.They are a Swedish band that first got together in 2000. After being dropped by their first two record labels and having released only one E.P. (entitled "Make Me Last"), they've landed a contract with Labrador Records. Since then, they've released the "Lost" E.P., and just recently the "Void" E.P. A full album is in the works, but I haven't heard of a release date as of yet.
Their influences include "modern rock" bands from the 80's and 90's such as The Cure, Echo and the Bunnymen, The Jesus and Mary Chain, and The Stone Roses. Check out their website and their page on myspace for more songs and info.
>randy<
P.S. - This song also appears on the recently-released Labrador 100 compilation from Labrador Records. It's a 100-song, 4-CD box set commemorating 10 years of music from Labrador. This box set is the 100th release from the Swedish indiepop label, and contains one song from each of their past single, E.P., and album releases (plus one new song thrown in to make it an even "100"). If you're interested in buying yourself a copy, I suggest you order it directly from Labrador. It's only 200SEK (approx. 22EU or just under US$30), which includes shipping, even to the USA!. It's quite a deal for 4 CDs of fabulous tunes. My copy arrived a few days ago. =)Stone.Learn More
High quality products
100% Factory price
Customized solution
Full after-sales Service.
bulk buy stone crusher online from chinese suppliers on dhgate.com. get deals with coupon and discount code! source high quality products in hundreds of categories wholesale direct from ch
No wonder sgb stone crushers has been a preferred supplier partner since 1990 for top realty and construction companies like spcl, jmc projects, puravankara projects and ecci. under the dynamic management of mr. m.s.umapathy the sgb group is set for more growth: upcoming ventures include a construction company and a company for manufacturing
mobile crusher plant, also called portable crushing plant, is a flexible and powerful crushing solution designed for small to medium projects. It provides on-sites crushing without material transporting from one place to another, thus reducing your material transportation costs. the,
vibrating screen in stone crusher plant. baichyreturn to list the choice of mesh size directly affects the quality and production of machine-made sand. the larger the size of screen, the larger the sand fineness modulus and the lower the content of stone powder.in the general sand making process, the recommended mesh
buy high quality stone crushing machines. used stone crushers for sale agriaffaires usaused stone crushers for sale agriaffaires usasearch listings of used stone crushers for sale by private parties and dealers find the best deal on agriaffaires us, buy high quality stone crushing
portable stone crushers to purchase As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size-reduction requirements including quarry, aggregate, and different kinds of minerals..
there are many types of crushers, including some star products like hydraulic cone crusher, fixed jaw crusher, rock jaw crusher, impact stone crusher, etc. In addition, hongxing machinery is known as sophisticated technology, best quality, and good reputation.
jul 28, 2019 the national green tribunal had on july ordered immediate closure of all illegal, pollution-causing stone crushers in the district. the ngt order exposes the.
buy pill crusher, pill grinder, mortar and pestle set, pulverizer grinder, pill press, granite stone mortar and pestle set, pill crusher medication for small and large pills into fine powder on amazon.com free shipping on qualified orders
jul 28, 2020. In the sand and stone
guikuangs stone crusher has a maximum feeding size of 630 mm, an outlet size of mm, a capacity of th and a motor power of kw. the 1060 stone crusher can be used for processing these materials as follow. It can process river
high quality high quality eurpean stone crushers for sale. second hand eurpean stone crushers for salesecond hand eurpean stone crushers for saleused stone crusher from japan japanese used stone crusherthe crusher stone is a heavy vehicle machine used to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks gravel or about us contact us second hand eurpean stone crushers for sale respectively.
stone dust cost,buy quality stone dust cost from manufacturers stone dust cost, source stone dust guilin hualun diamond tools Co ltd. contact details. tags: stone hammer crusher hammer crusher price click & chat now
may 16, 2018
stone crusher,buy quality stone crusher from manufacturers stone crusher, source stone crusher crusher machine, portable stone crusher low cost, durable and strong granite crusher suppliers.crusher suppliers.. click & chat crusher supplier 5.t best price tphsymons stone cone crusher 1.0 sets
features of high efficiency good quality mini mobile crusher for stone with cheap price: ortable type series mobile crushing&screening plant we company have developed is a series of novel rock crushing equipment ,which have also expanded the crushing concept in the coarse and fine crushing area .its design idea is based on the clients requirements, which clears faults of the crushing.
oct 08, 2020 china stone crusher manufacturers select 2020 high quality stone crusher products in best price from certified chinese construction machine manufacturers, mining equipment suppliers, wholesalers and factory on made-in-china. stone cone crusher manufacturer supplier designer.
3900 To buy. processing capacity:h feeding size:m appliable materials: gangue,construction clinker and all kinds of hard and soft ores with compressive strength
china high quality 700 Th secondary impact stone crushers, find details about china impact stone crushers, impact stone crusher 700 Th from high quality 700 Th secondary impact stone crushers shibang industry & technology group Co ltd.
the impact crusher crushing the soft and very hard materials, even if there is moisture in the material. the types of stone crushers are widely used in building materials, ore crushing, railways, highways, energy, transportation, energy, cement, mining, chemical and
Pe series jaw crusherstone crusher with good quality In zhengzhou find complete details about Pe series jaw crusherstone crusher with good quality In zhengzhou,jaw crusher,pepex series jaw crusher,stone crusher from crusher supplier or manufacturer-henan zhengzhou
aug 03, 2019 mobile crushing machinery crawler type portable stone crusher from find complete details about mobile crushing machinery crawler type portable stone crusher from type portable stone crusher,mobile crushing machinery,crawler mobile crushing machinery from crusher supplier or manufacturer
affordable stone crushers tigercrushers is a well-established company which specialises in selling jaw crushers at competitive rates. our mission is to design, build and market a range of highly affordable and portable jaw crushers globally to the recycling,.
ball mill equipment, rotary dryer, sand making machine manufacturer supplier in china, offering crushing machinery, stone crusher with ph, wholesale rock hammer crusher from factory sale, Hr good quality rod mill machine forPeople Ex Rel Koons v. Elling, Sheriff Case Brief
Summary of People Ex Rel Koons v. Elling, Sheriff, S. Ct. New York, 1948
Facts: Koons was realtor who removed money from the slot machines at a local Moose Lodge by drilling holes in the sides and inserting a device to trigger the money to fall.
Issue: Whether the slot machine money could be the subject of larceny when it was illegal to have slot machines?
Holding: Yes
Procedure: Def entered a plea of guilty then filed petition for habeas corpus relief. Denied.
Rule: Theft is established by the taking of any thing of value.
Ct. Rationale: It is enough that the object taken has inherent value. The def did not steal the slot machines, which were illegal, but the money therein, which is legal tender and has value.
PL A: The DF and his accomplices stole the money within the slot machine with the intent to deprive the owner.
Df A: The money was illegally in possession of the owner therefore there was no owner. we do not appeal to our better angels, we will not respond.
Posted by: Fraud Guy | December 17, 2008 at 12:22 AM
The existence of a genuine and serious problem does not automatically mean that you can freely disregard any smaller injustices or cruelties you engage in in fighting it.
Not to restir recent passions, but I think this was also Hilzoy's point in denouncing Bill Ayers. It was also many people's point (certainly mine) in joining the denunciation. And let me join with Hilzoy here and agree. Mr. E's conduct was appalling.
Posted by: Enlightened Layperson | December 17, 2008 at 12:36 AM
Whatever Mr. E's skills at imparting information may have been, he was not a brilliant teacher; he was a fucking asshole. What he did was to abuse his authority over one of his students in furtherance of his own political leanings. Period.
Posted by: mythago | December 17, 2008 at 12:59 AM
I couldn't agree more with your summation of Mr. E's and the
Jerk's actions: wrong and doubly wrong. I also agree that it was wrong for Bush, Chaney, et al to enable and promote torture.
I agree with your broader concept that // it is always part of our jobs as adults and people who aspire to decency to find ways to confront injustice without engaging in cruelty of our own.//
The logic of such righteous behavior breaks down for me when it is applied to warfare. Warfare, to me, is the antithesis of civil, decent, respectful, righteous action designed to teach. In war, each side is necessarily misusing people. Each side is hoping it will misuse the other sides people more effectively than it misuses its own. War is a bizarro world where most of the usual rules do not apply. Yet civilized, noble minded peole have attempted to construct rules to govern warfare and make it less detestable. It is right that they should. I'm stating the obvious.
But...while a decent person would avoid war at almost all costs (maybe all costs)...
...if you find yourself in a war it is better to kill the other guy before he kills you. Period.
Logic in one reference frame is not logic in the other. One says there is no war. Another says there is war. Another says there is war but there shouldn't be. Another says there should be war but there isn't. Each judges the others actions by their own reference frame. Each person is logical in their own frame and illogical in the other. But what is truth? (I of course have my own view of what is truth).
Posted by: d'd'd'dave | December 17, 2008 at 01:23 AM
I totally agree, Hilzoy. Thanks for a typically thoughtful post.
My dad was well known in the town I grew up in.
The sheer understatement there made me laugh out loud; I grew up in a very small town in South India, and I knew who your dad was by middle school, even though I had no desire/plans to go to college in the US.
Posted by: Nitish | December 17, 2008 at 01:46 AM
d'd'd'dave,
So is there a specific war on that you are referring to, or are you generalizing? Or even making a pithy remark that because we have a war on drugs, war on terrorism, culture war, etc., that the side that has decided that it is a war will justify war like actions and outcomes, and the other sides of those conflicts had better respond in kind, or else?
Posted by: Fraud Guy | December 17, 2008 at 01:47 AM
Hilzoy, did Mr. E. actually conceive the plan Jill attributes to him? That is, did he undertake the whole exercise just to get at Crocker through his daughter? Jill implies that, but only implies it.
Your critique does not hinge on that question, of course. It does hinge on the proposition that Mr. E. could have engaged his students on apartheid in some other way -- one less cruel to young Rennie. Maybe so.
Still, I juxtapose Mr. E.'s (implied) means in my own mind not so much with torturing a helpless prisoner as with flinging shoes at a clueless president. The feelings of a man's daughter deserve way more consideration than the dignity of a man's office, to be sure. But sometimes, the only way to penetrate the bubble "policy makers" hide in is to get personal.
--TP
Posted by: Tony P. | December 17, 2008 at 01:53 AM
Beautiful post. Mr E, for all his sterling qualities, should never have shamed and excluded a thirteen-year-old girl before her classmates for her father's actions. I can remember my own trials of feeling very left-out as an adolescent, and I'm sure most others will have their own to a greater or lesser degree; but at least mine weren't created and sanctioned by a teacher. In a way, the teacher's excellence in other regards and ability to inspire must have only made this worse for the young girl, as I'm sure the kids loved and looked up to him; at least if he's been otherwise lousy his emotional hold and power to split them would have been less.
Posted by: Warren Terra | December 17, 2008 at 01:54 AM
In the vast array of human interactions, Hilzoy finds it incumbent to chastise the powerless for their cruelties, petty or not, and condemn them equally in the same morally absolute terms as she condemns the cruelties of the powerful...unless I misunderstand entirely.
This viewpoint (the story above is touching) is wholly understandable, reasonable, and consistent. Nonetheless I remain troubled, agreeing in major respects, but still hanging back. It is simply not so easy.
The powerful engage in cruelty simply because they can, and because they can get away with it most of the time. Maybe that's the difference. And that is why my condemnation is not on moral autopilot or in any way "equal" (implied or otherwise) on the "assigned guilt" scale where an icy cold absolutism appears reasonable to otherwise reasonable people.
Absolutism of any kind gives me the shivvers.
Posted by: bobbyp | December 17, 2008 at 02:03 AM
bobbyp: I never meant to say they were equally bad. I do think it matters not just to e.g. condemn torture, but to figure out the habits of mind that allow people to think it's justified. (How else will we avoid it the next time around?) And one of them, I think, is: when faced with some normally bad thing X done to prevent an even worse thing Y, asking "but isn't it worth doing X to prevent Y?", without first having determined whether or not it's possible to prevent Y by some other means. Also, leaping to the conclusion that since Y is looming and X leaps to mind, the badness of Y makes X OK.
One of the (many, many) things I miss in Bush and Cheney is the kind of basic decency that would make a person say: Wait. Wait. I can't do that. That's a human being. I do not mean to suggest that what this teacher did is in any way comparably bad, but I do think a similar thing is missing here.
Posted by: hilzoy | December 17, 2008 at 02:19 AM
Fraud Guy
I am generalizing.
I guess my point is that I personally must be humble in my criticism of what this country or any other does. If I personally was in charge I would steer clear of all wars. But i'm not in charge. Various administrations and congresses borne up by the shifting sands of public opinion set the agenda and even then single administrations are rarely self-consistent across the entirety of their policies. I must be humble because the group frame of reference is not mine and may seem illogical to me. In the same way the group frame of reference is probably not the same as any individuals and therefore may seem illogical to any one individual. Ergo, it is not only I that should be humble in my criticism. Ahem.
Even if I say with all my heart that Bush was incompetent, wrong, a liar, stupid, it was an unjust war, etc...the fact will remain that he was reelected by a decent margin after he put us in the war. So, the group frame of reference, to some extent, put their stamp of approval on it. And with that frame of reference we get the logic of that frame.
Posted by: d'd'd'dave | December 17, 2008 at 02:32 AM
I know this is tangent to your post but one could argue that the delay caused by crockers constructive engagement policy was helpful in the long term because it gave the black s. african political parties/movements time to mature. Rhodesia's exit from apartheid was more abrupt and in the longer term less beneficial to the populace than s. africas more prolonged transition.
Posted by: d'd'd'dave | December 17, 2008 at 02:44 AM
I couldn't disagree more, actually. So a girl gets left out of one school trip? Big deal. This is wholly consistent with the principle of boycott and peaceful ostracism, and surely one of the most trivial consequences of such as strategy. So, for example, if Western governments decide to deny all visas to senior officials from some odorous murderous regime, should that policy be cancelled because it stops those officials' teenage daughters from shopping in London or New York?
In theory teachers should not bring political agendas to the classroom, I agree, but then again I think America's youth are shockingly apathetic and unengaged, so some redress is required. Secondly, this is apartheid for pete's sake! The teacher has a classroom full of the spawn of the rich and powerful, how could the guy sleep at night if he didn't take this opportunity to do a little good?
Finally, as others have pointed out, we don't know that this was all part of Mr. E's cunning plan to get to the girl's douchebag dad (who did, after all, have the option of letting her go on the trip), I'm dubious of the original account's interpretation in that respect.
Posted by: byrningman | December 17, 2008 at 03:23 AM
I agree, it is a very troubling story. Whatever else one thinks and no matter how strongly one feels about any issue, one treats children as themselves, not as extensions of their parents. And a person such as a teacher who are in power do not exclude a child in a deliberate campaign, no matter what the reason. She did no wrong, why was she punished? Being a teenager is bad enough, without adding pressure.
Posted by: Mararnold | December 17, 2008 at 03:44 AM
Oh, I see, the children of the rich and powerful should get the benefits that accrue to them merely because of who their parents are, but must never be allowed to face any of the downside, or be exposed to just what it is that the average rich and powerful person does to become rich and powerful.
Screw that. They could have sent her to a public school in DC in the 80s if they wanted a teacher who didn't give a f*ck who her parents were.
I suppose it would be rude and crude to explain to the hypothetical child of a slave dealer how exactly their parents got the money to send them to their precious little $30,000 a year private school, too, wouldn't it?
Posted by: now_what | December 17, 2008 at 04:50 AM
I find myself agreeing in large part with this post and yet hanging back over various bits of sloppiness.
First, I tend to agree with your comment about why one shouldn't take the class on a field trip to protest and think your comment likening it to the problems with school prayer is spot on.
I also think the general callousness as to the incredible importance of teachers respecting the student-teacher relationship. It is not only unfair to the student to intentionally place them in the middle of a political controversy; it is also unfair to the teacher's educational mission. If you actually try to leverage a kid like that, you almost certainly ensure a major rift of distrust and antagonism from the student (and likely their peers who can sense how unfair the whole situation is). Once that rift starts, a teacher loses most all leverage they have to engage the students and challenge them in ways that might actually be productive.
However, I remain incredibly leery of attributing intent to a teacher based on the interpretation of the teacher's actions. This is especially true given that the evaluation is pretty clearly subjective and also comes well after the fact. I teach high school math and hope to add a philosophy course or two next year. I shudder to think what sort of interesting lessons might be attributed to me by my students 15 and 20 years down the line after being filtered through their own prejudices and agendas.
Final verdict on the event as reported: It is perfectly acceptable to challenge students in a way that gives them the ability to engage with difficult material (such as class debate, etc.) but doesn't set out with the purpose of intentionally wrongfooting the student for purposes completely foreign to the educational mission of the school.
Final verdict on the post: Mind-reading isn't any prettier when done second hand.
Posted by: socratic_me | December 17, 2008 at 06:09 AM
byrningman and now_what,
Unless I misunderstand, hilzoy is not criticizing Mr. E for teaching about apartheid. She is criticizing him for organizing the protest. I don't think she means, and I disagree with her if she does, that apartheid should not have been discussed in class, just that the protest itself was an attempt to use Crocker's daughter against him in a way that should be off limits.
Posted by: Bernard Yomtov | December 17, 2008 at 06:10 AM
I don't think it should be off-limits. So she missed out on a school trip, big deal. So she was forced to think about what her daddy does for a living and put her friendships with her classmates into a wider context than she was previously aware of -- I thought that was one of the purposes of education. When should her protective buddble end? Or should it never end, should we hope she goes on to marry someone like Dick Cheney and never once experiences any social awkwardness for her family's notorious day job?
I agree with all those pointing out that we really should take the original account's interpretation with a big dose of salt.
Nevertheless, in principle, I see nothing wrong here. Certainly we're not talking about some weird campaign to ostracise the student on a consistent basis because the teacher didn't like her dad's job, this doesn't seem like the movie Election. Heaven forbid daddy and his wife might face an awkward inquiry from a fellow parent at the next PTA. Heaven forbid kids think about the social and political contexts of mummy and daddy's paychecks. This child does have the option, after all, of deciding she's fine with her dad's job. This is part of growing up, and learning.
And taking kids to an anti-apartheid rally seems like a great activity, frankly. It really is scary that so many here are opposed to that, I really mean that. Maybe the average American student wouldn't see global politics through the amoral prism of their GPA if more teachers challenged them to take a stand, whatever that stand might be, at an earlier age.
Posted by: byrningman | December 17, 2008 at 06:26 AM
Don't get me wrong, I understand the concerns about educational objectivity and ethical behaviour that prompts the concern of Hilzoy and others here in the first place. I just don't think politics is bad for children. We shouldn't keep them in bubbles to keep them away from germs, nor should we to keep them away from the great moral issues of our time.
I understand it's a fine line, but there's a sound argument why religion is out and apartheid is in, and we shouldn't run away from making that argument in fear of lawsuits based on false equivalence.
FWIW it's worth, religion in schools doesn't seem that scary to me either. I got it shoved down my throat on a daily basis, and it only produced the anti-authoritarian heretic I am today. You can't protect kids from exposure to ideas, you just have to try to inoculate them to really dumb ones, but recognise they're free to make up their own minds too.
Posted by: byrningman | December 17, 2008 at 06:32 AM
Also, although I respectfully disagree on some points, I think this is a great post, and a great debate to have too.
Posted by: byrningman | December 17, 2008 at 06:33 AM
After rereading the comments here, I wanted to clarify a point about the classroom environment that I kind of brushed past in my first comment.
For effective teaching to take place, the classroom must, above all, be safe. Learning is often a scary process. It requires the student to risk being wrong. In a class predicated on discussion and challenging students to grow through testing their ideas in the public sphere, it requires them to risk being publicly wrong. For a high school student, that is no small thing. I think if we are being honest with ourselves, it is no small thing for any of us.
To that end, any classroom that sets out to challenge and engage students must create a zone in which disagreement can occur free from outside influence. As best as is possible, the teacher must create an environment in which students experiment with, debate and discover ideas with the idea that it is okay to be wrong sometimes. Above all, it must be an environment which a student trust to be fair- that is, which doesn't weight the deck against them before they even enter the discussion.
This doesn't mean that we let students get away with just "expressing themselves" unchallenged. Indeed, the reason that the environment must be fair is so that a student can be pushed to develop ideas through challenge and debate. But there is a big difference between challenging a student to think through an argument or position more clearly and shutting them down by creating an environment in which they start off excluded from the conversation. The odds of a student learning (as opposed to jut being really pissed off and hurt) in such a situation is next to nothing.
Because of this, it isn't just unfair to the student to use them to leverage them against their parents, it is also incredibly ineffective. When a student begins a discussion as a prop to be wielded against a parent, they don't have a real ability to enter the discussion at all, as was made clear in the excerpt hilzoy quoted. If this was done overtly as the author suggests, the teacher has just declared the classroom to be unsafe for any student who disagrees with him. In effect, he just turned a learning environment into an "agreeing" environment where the smart behavior is to find out what teacher wants and parrot it.
It is really late at night, so I am not so sure how coherent all of this is. Still, I hope this clarifies a bit why this is such terrible pedagogy (assuming, for the sake of argument, it happened as was recalled).
Posted by: socratic_me | December 17, 2008 at 06:37 AM
In theory teachers should not bring political agendas to the classroom
I think it’s a lot more than a theory…
That should be clear if you just flip the situation around. Mr. E structures his lesson plan to be in favor of "constructive engagement" with South Africa. Mr. E takes the class to a rally at the embassy in support of SA. You, as a parent, do not agree with that political stance. You have tried to foster your beliefs in your child, who is now an ostracized 13 year old. Chances are that you would be upset by that even as just a typical parent. Now add on another layer, you are a government official in a position of power supporting policies against apartheid and it can be perceived that the entire event is an attempt to pressure you through your child.
Is it still just a theory that teachers should check their political agenda at the classroom door?
Posted by: OCSteve | December 17, 2008 at 06:40 AM
I should also note that I'm starting my career as an educator, but I'm not a parent, so I haven't yet had the experience of releasing your kids into the influential hands of some teachers with their own agendas, which I'm many here have had to deal with.
I do think in general though, that I would always err on the side of engaging ideas. I do genuinely believe that America's youth is shockingly apathetic and apolitical, and I think it might be a consequence of sterilising the educational system since the 60s or 70s, when 'liberals' (crudely speaking) got a lot of conservative bias purged from the system, and 'conservatives' (crudely speaking) got a lot of political content purged from the system too, to limit the influence of long-haired hippy teachers. My history is probably off, and not intended very seriously, but I think you see the point I am trying to make that it has been in everyone's interest for a while to starve kids of the oxygen of controversy, to all our detriment in the long run.
Posted by: byrningman | December 17, 2008 at 06:41 AM
Not to restir recent passions, but I think this was also Hilzoy's point in denouncing Bill Ayers.
I thought Hilzoy was just joining in with the rest of the pack - she was being Mr E, regarding her political position as far more important than the human feelings Bill Ayers might have at being used by the right-wing to be a club to beat Obama with, and then being blamed by Obama's political supporters for his very existence.
Posted by: Jesurgislac | December 17, 2008 at 06:45 AM
Though having read the article by Jill; Did "Mr E" actually intend to put pressure on Rennie's dad through his classroom activities? This is Jill's years-later interpretation, not based (as far as I can see) on any direct admission from Mr E that this was what he planned to do.
Posted by: Jesurgislac | December 17, 2008 at 06:51 AM
"The existence of a genuine and serious problem does not automatically mean that you can freely disregard any smaller injustices or cruelties you engage in in fighting it.
...
Because it is always part of our jobs as adults and people who aspire to decency to find ways to confront injustice without engaging in cruelty of our own."
Yes, you actually do understand how I view taxes, and my exasperation at the liberal tendency to just assume that if you favor a cause, it's ok to obtain money by threats to pay for it.
Even if you might have found another way to pay for it if you'd bothered trying...
Posted by: Brett Bellmore | December 17, 2008 at 07:14 AM
Good Post, Hilzoy.
Posted by: Bob W. | December 17, 2008 at 07:16 AM
As a former teacher, I'll say what Mr. E. did was grotesquely inappropriate, a breach of professional ethics. (Agreed that we cannot be absolutely certain what happened, but if the facts as reported are correct, Mr. E would seem to be either an ass or an idiot).
There seems to be a degree of point-missing going on in some of the comments criticizing hilzoy's post - for starters, the problem is not that a middle school student was 'left out of one school trip' or that 'her friendships with classmates were put in a wider context'. Nor (as mentioned aready) is there any claim that politics must be avoided in the classroom - in fact hilzoy's stand on protest field trips (which I agree with, if not without regrets) is literally a parenthetical aside, not a major criticism.
"In the vast array of human interactions, Hilzoy finds it incumbent to chastise the powerless for their cruelties, petty or not,"
If we're talking about interactions between Mr E. and Mr. Crocker (particularly. outside the role of daughter's teacher), than "powerless" is a fairly accurate characterization. But we're not; we're talking about interactions between Mr. E. and a 13 year old student, which is another matter altogether.
"Secondly, this is apartheid for pete's sake! The teacher has a classroom full of the spawn of the rich and powerful, how could the guy sleep at night if he didn't take this opportunity to do a little good?"
I think this point was addressed in the original post (not that it's wrong to bring it up, but what do you think of how it was discussed?)
"Rhodesia's exit from apartheid was more abrupt and in the longer term less beneficial to the populace than s. africas more prolonged transition."
There are, of course, other differences between the two countries' experience: for example, modern Zimbabwe was born in civil war; South Africa's exit from apartheid was fairly different.
Posted by: Dan S. | December 17, 2008 at 07:35 AM
So the rest of the class is supposed to abandon a project they are all jazzed about and that anybody can agree is a noble cause because one student has a douchebag dad? I'm pretty sure there's not one single issue on which some kid's parents have a minority POV, do they always get a veto on school trips?
I honestly don't see the problem here, so the kid stayed home. The teacher had the choice of abandoning a good project to placate one parent's dubious opinions, I don't think he can be criticised for not taking it.
I'm sure pretty much everybody here supports the idea of a boycott of apartheid South Africa, I'm sure there were many teenagers that had a few disappointments as a result of that policy too.
Posted by: byrningman | December 17, 2008 at 08:02 AM
I disagree a bit. The first point is Jes' above. I wouldn't take a adult's memory of their childhood situation as being truly reflective of the situation.
But let us assume that the writer is correct and what she saw was a true reflection of what the teacher aimed for. In order to damn the teacher, I would really have to know exactly how the dynamic was managed and to what end. Was the aim to get the student to understand that Apartheid was wrong or was it to get the parent to realize it? The distance between those two points is immense.
It is important to realize that all industrial education is built around the notion of creating a social dynamic that they forces students to do certain things. It is how that dynamic is managed that is the question, not the simple question of whether the teacher created a dynamic that was going to create certain feelings in certain children.
If a class is required, one could simply determine what is an accurate reflection of what content or skills the student should be required to master and devise an appropriate test of that content or those skills. But, when the content or skills are not particularly clear, it becomes incumbent on the teacher to arrange the class in a way that creates some pressure on the student to learn. Obviously, there are acceptable and unacceptable ways of doing that. If I allow the students to humiliate a student because he arrives late, I should be thrown out on my ear. But if I have the students do something that is so enjoyable in the first 15 minutes of class, such that the student arriving late gets told 'geez, you missed the most interesting activity!", what is being done is the same, but that seems eminently acceptable. If I create a situation where students feel bad because they are falling behind the rest of the class because they are not doing the preparation that I am suggesting, well, that's what teachers do. If I create a situation where the class as a whole is doing something they think is enjoyable and fun and they are learning from it, I can't hold them hostage because one of the parents of the students may disagree with the point that I am trying to get across.
Now, I've had some great teachers who were terribly organized, but stumbling in the door 10 minutes late, spending 5 minutes figuring out where we are, and then launching into some discussion that had me enthralled has happened, but for those of us who don't have the gift of the gods whispering in our ear, we have to try and structure our lessons and our courses in a way that utilizes productive peer pressure. If we don't, we run the greater risk of not allowing the students to learn from each other. Or having students end up unchallenged.
It's a dangerous tightrope, and if I deliver the observation of 'what were you thinking when you did that?' at the wrong time, I'm a crappy teacher. But if I deliver that at the right moment, in the right way (and that way differs for every student) I will have hit a sweet spot that allows them to take something onboard.
I also teach martial arts, and while I structure those lessons as well, I really don't have to think 'how do I make this person learn, even if they don't want to?' I teach what I teach, and though I try to be responsive to the strengths and weaknesses of the individual students, I don't have to use pressure in quite the same way. This is why I think 'industrial education' is quite different and demands the use of social pressure. I'd argue that the purpose of 99% of schooling is socialization and a teacher who fails to understand that and come to grips with that might be a good teacher in the sense of presenting knowledge to students, but won't be a true educator, in the sense of pulling out of students what they need to know they have. This is truer the further you get down the scale. Elementary school has content that could probably be taught in a 6 week cram course at the end of the 6th year, but stretching it out over 6 years then provides the framework for a lot of other lessons about how one waits their turn, how one regards intellectual property, how one understands their work habits and how one keeps deadlines.
Now, if Mr E was actually going after the ambassador thru his daughter, that stinks, but that seems to be presuming a triple bank carom shot across two tables. In my experience, good teachers, while highly cognizant of the parents of their charge, simply don't have the mental energy and resources to think 'gee, how can I influence that student's parents by the activities I do'. That sort of extended ability is something that students often attribute to good teachers because it seems like they know everything, but in practice, it seems more an art than a science. And good teachers, while their batting average may be good, will remember their failures. There is a quote about teaching that is something like 'We should not be surprised that good teaching is such a rarity, we should be surprised that it happens at all'. When confronted with a shy, studious student, I'm not sure if there are teachers who think 'good, if I can just keep her shy, this will be great'. We often talk about teachers opening doors or broadening horizons. It's just as likely that Mr E screwed up and in trying to get Rennie to assert her independence, he overshot and ending up creating a dynamic where she was on the outside. Without going inside his head, we can't judge.
Posted by: liberal japonicus | December 17, 2008 at 08:09 AM
I was initially inclined to agree with hilzoy, but now I'm not so sure. I don't think a teacher should use a 13 year old to get to her dad, but on the other hand we have only the word of this blogger that this is what Mr. E. intended. All we have is the statement that upon learning her dad was Chester Crocker, he decided to engage his class in anti-apartheid activism. Supposing that is true, it does not follow that he was "using" Chester Crocker's daughter against her father--it could be that he felt it was his duty as a teacher to tell the truth about US policy. One can question whether or not privileged 13 year old children should be exposed to this, but it's not obvious to me that the answer is "no". Hilzoy's condemnation hinges on a particular interpretation of Mr. E's motives--that he thought he would "get" to Crocker via his daughter. It's just as possible he thought he had a duty as a teacher to expose the lies her father was telling her about one of the most important moral issues of the day. Also, the blogger seems to think it's a particularly poignant thing that Crocker had to explain to his daughter what he was doing, almost as though HIS feelings were of any consequence. I do feel sorry for the daughter and in Mr. E's shoes I probably wouldn't have done what he did, but I think that I would have been wrong.
Crocker, it should be noted, wasn't just a supporter of constructive engagement--like most Republicans of the time he also lionized Jonas Savimbi, a mass murderer on a par with Saddam Hussein.
So here's another moral issue--granted that a 13 year old should not be used to get at her father, if that was the intent (and I'm not convinced), at what age should children stop being shielded from the fact that their fathers support mass murderers for a living? I don't know the answer, but in all seriousness, somewhere around age 13 seems about right. But I'm open to hearing arguments for ages 14-18.
and in that case I think it would be morally wrong not to have an anti-apartheid protest because a child of one of the villains is in the classroom. We have no way of knowing what Mr. E thought he was doing--we only have the worst possible interpretation of his motives being put forward as the truth.
The real villain here is Crocker himself, who not only favored "constructive engagement", but also, along with the Republican Party in general, was a big fan of Jonas Savimbi, a mass murderer on a par with Saddam Hussein. Of course a shy, sensitive daughter of a man like that is going to be horribly embarrassed at some point--it's either that or keep her in that protective bubble people talk about above. I don't think a 13 year old should be used as a weapon against her father, and I would have felt very conflicted if I had been in Mr. E's shoes, and in fact in his shoes I might have cancelled my plans for the class to have an anti-apartheid protest because of this. But I would have been wrong.
Posted by: Donald Johnson | December 17, 2008 at 08:10 AM
There are two versions of my post in the previous comment--I meant to erase the last part, but you can read them both and decide which version you prefer.
Posted by: Donald Johnson | December 17, 2008 at 08:13 AM
byrningman: So the rest of the class is supposed to abandon a project they are all jazzed about and that anybody can agree is a noble cause because one student has a douchebag dad?
Evidently, yes.
If Mr E deliberately set up this class project simply because he wanted to get at this kid's dad, he was acting very wrongly..
(Though it's more than possible that Jill has inside information she didn't share in the article, leading her to this conclusion - that Mr E would never have set up this series of class activities if Rennie hadn't been in his class that year.)
However: I'd agree that Rennie ought to have got more support than she got. But it's possible, as a 13-year-old, she was suffering from her own crisis of conscience - she disagreed with her father, profoundly and ethically. She could have been supported through that, and should have been, but the only way to protect her from it would have been to keep her ignorance of the situation in South Africa and her father's support for it.
Posted by: Jesurgislac | December 17, 2008 at 08:15 AM
(or, what Donald Johnson and liberal japonicus said)
Posted by: Jesurgislac | December 17, 2008 at 08:18 AM
Mr. E's motives are certainly in doubt, but his lack of sensitivity is clear. Assuming the entire class, without exception is not going to be embarassed or conflicted by participating in a protest of our government's actions is insensitive, at least.
It is, I think, a perfect parallel to prayer in school. Arguments from the right on this issue reflect a lack of sensitivity at exactly the same level.
I recognize that there are strong students who can handle it, such as Byrningman. Good for him. And the experience of being marginalized probably made him even stronger. But, there are also students in every classroom who can be crushed by such insensitivity.
So, my take is that Mr. E was wrong on motive, or wrong on sensitivity to his trust.
Posted by: Oyster Tea | December 17, 2008 at 08:31 AM
Oyster Tea--
I don't think a teacher in a Quaker school is in the same position as a teacher in a public school. If you send your child to a Quaker school, you should not be shocked if the students engage in anti-apartheid activities.
My sister went to a Baptist school for part of her education. There may have been students at that school whose parents objected to school prayer, but they probably should have given that issue full consideration before paying tuition.
Posted by: Donald Johnson | December 17, 2008 at 08:56 AM
As I should probably have made clear, I'm going on Jill's interpretation. She didn't identify Mr. E by name and attribute some motive to him; had she done so, I would have said something like: let's assume for the sake of argument that Mr. E was as she says. I probably should have said that anyways. Imagine there was a teacher, call him Mr. F, who was exactly as Jill describes; take my post as being about him.
I'm also not in the least opposed to educating kids in ways that make them uncomfortable, or to discussing political issues. I am opposed to organizing protests as a school trip, but that's not because it's political; it's because it presupposes uniformity of opinion where it might not exist, and that's not good for, in particular, teaching. (Thus the analogy to mandatory prayer: my grade school, which made us say the Lord's Prayer, plainly assumed that we were all cool with that, or ought to be. The fact that I mind that absolutely does not imply that I would mind discussing religion, which I wouldn't.)
What I mind is using class to get to a kid's father, and I mind it not because it hurts the feelings of the kid, but because it treats her as an extension of her dad, rather than as a person in her own right. -- As a teacher, I try not to hurt the feelings of my students gratuitously, but I have been known to make them uncomfortable for what I hope are good reasons, and I don't have a problem with that.
Example: years ago, I had one class that for some reason just misused words all over the place. Reading their papers, I got exasperated, and did this riff in front of the class in which I read some of the more amazing misuses, and did a deadpan attempt to figure out what could possibly be meant. (The only one I recall involved someone who had talked about the tenants of a theory, and I wondered aloud whether the student had in mind some distinction between a theory's tenants and its homeowners or landlords, and if so what that distinction might be.)
Some of the students came up afterwards and said that that was cold of me. Meh, I thought: I think naming the students would have been excessive, but they ought to stand behind what they wrote, and if even an anonymous reading of their work embarrassed them, tough. Plus, after that I warned them in advance that I would do this, and they simply stopped making this kind of mistake, which was the point: that they should think about the words they used, and when in doubt, have at least some cursory contact with a dictionary.
I did that because I was supposed to be teaching them, and this seemed to me at the time to be an effective way to get them to use language more precisely. That is: rightly or wrongly, it was aimed at a pedagogical goal, and at teaching them, not their parents or siblings or friends. It's the fact that Mr. E (or Mr. F) was aiming at Rennie's dad, not her, that's the problem for me.
Posted by: hilzoy | December 17, 2008 at 09:29 AM
Don Johnson
Point taken. My experience was in public schools.
Posted by: Oyster Tea | December 17, 2008 at 09:41 AM
Having taught about Apartheid was perfectly OK, but the field trip wasn't OK, whatever the teacher's motivations were or weren't vis a vis Rennie and her father.
I have several young teen students, and would NEVER do something like this, for more than one reason. For one thing, kids that age are disarmingly bright - even the duller kids that age are bright, contradictory as that may sound - and you can bet that just studying this subject caused Rennie to think about her father's job on her own. Second, the commentor who said a classroom must be a safe place is right. 'Safe' doesn't mean that the kids can't be challenged intellectually, but that they don't need their *identities* challenged in a classroom - again, that's going on already in their own heads at that age.
Something very important is often left out of these mean/ends discussions: the question of efficacy. 99.9% of the time, the only meaningful question in means/ends quandries is, do *these* ends justify *these* means. So, it matters very very much, in the real world, if the means in question actually accomplish the ends. I think that torture is simply wrong no matter what, but overriding that is the fact that it *doesn't work*. Same deal with ostricizing this kid to get to her father (assuming for the sake of argument that's what the teacher was doing): it's the wrong thing to do in the abstract, but in the vital sense it's wrong because it's not really going to affect change anyway. So, as a means/ends question, it's not very hard. The ends can't be just 'aspirational', they have to have a reasonably good chance of being satisfied. The Reagan Administration was not going to alter its policy a whit as a result of Crocker's daughter's being left out of a class project - and that would've been true even in the highly unlikely event of Crocker's having a Frank Capra Moment because of it and resigning. So, no go.
I also agree that the school shouldn't do an official Protest Trip. Unofficial is fine.
Adults routinely make a very big mistake when dealing with children, especially teens: they assume that children are as dull, mediocre, and morally slovenly as they themselves are, when it's not usually true, appearances aside. Most of the time, if you lay out the facts as best you can and just let the child make up their own mind, they do pretty well.
Posted by: jonnybutter | December 17, 2008 at 09:51 AM
I found myself wondering what happened to Rennie. If this is her (and graduating from Stanford law in 93 is about right, I think), I don't know if she is a Democrat, but her husband is an aide to Harry Reid.
Posted by: liberal japonicus | December 17, 2008 at 10:04 AM
hilzoy:
Exactly right. Treating a student as an extention of their parents rather than as an individual, even if the parents want you to do the former - even if the STUDENT wants you to - has got to be one of the worst sins a teacher can do. Or any other adult, for that matter.
Posted by: jonnybutter | December 17, 2008 at 10:05 AM
Excellent post, hilzoy. I shared socratic_me's mindreading concern regarding Mr. E's motives, but your last comment cleared that up.
Two other side matters:
1) Donald Johnson is entirely correct that teachers in non-public institutions have every right to do things that teachers in public institutions cannot do. Once again, the school prayer analogy is helpful here. Obviously, teachers in religious institutions can lead children in prayer. However, this doesn't make school prayer any more pedagogically valuable an activity. It only makes it a legal one..
At any rate, I share hilzoy's sense that, though clearly legal and, perhaps, sectarianly correct, making participation in a protest part of a class is bad pedagogy.
2) Would "turning" Chester Crocker have changed the Reagan administration's policies toward South Africa? There seems to be an assumption in this post that it would. I certainly don't think the ends justify the means in this case, but I think the ends are also a lot murkier than they've been presented as being.
Let's assume that Mr. E was trying to pressure Crocker through his daughter. And let's imagine a world in which it worked. Over dinner, Chester tries to explain to Rennie why "constructive engagement" is a morally defensible and politically effective policy. And it just doesn't fly. In a simple conversation with his daughter, Crocker relizes the error of his ways.
Next morning, he calls up Ronald Reagan (or George Schultz, take your pick) and says "Mr. President/Mr. Secretary, we need to change our policy on South Africa! We need to tell them that if they don't abandon apartheid, free Nelson Mandela, and begin taking serious steps toward turning the country into a multiracial democracy, they can expect all the aid to dry up!" Would Reagan or Schultz have said "wonderful idea, Chet!"...or would they have said "we expect your resignation on our desk by the end of the day."
Somehow I think the latter is much more likely than the former.
Posted by: Ben Alpers | December 17, 2008 at 10:19 AM
.
Was it this that was the problem? (Speaking perhaps more about this post?) To me, it seems like there are two sets of issues. First, whether or not the teacher realized that his student's father was the guy in charge of our S. African policy (it's possible he missed it, I guess, but a politically engaged Beltway private school
teacher?)
Second, assuming he did, that he devised (in Jill's interpretation) or at least continued a plan to have, as a culminating activity, the students - as a class - join a public protest against that policy.
Posted by: Dan S. | December 17, 2008 at 10:32 AM
rich people's children must be more civilized than i give them credit for.
where i grew up in coal country, USA, teacher-fomented ostracization is basically the green light to go ahead and beat the sh1t out of the ostracized. or at least it was.
Posted by: Steven Crane | December 17, 2008 at 10:38 AM
Donald Johnson,
it could be that he felt it was his duty as a teacher to tell the truth about US policy. One can question whether or not privileged 13 year old children should be exposed to this, but it's not obvious to me that the answer is "no".
But he could do this without the organized protest. It is one thing to teach Crocker's daughter, and another to put her personally on the spot like this.
Posted by: Bernard Yomtov | December 17, 2008 at 10:40 AM
I don't think it would be right to use the daughter to bring Chester Crocker back to the light, but setting aside the means, I think it would have been a major embarrassment for the Reagan Administration if their man in charge of policy for southern Africa had been forced to resign because of a crisis of conscience. But the chance of that happening because of what his daughter was learning seems slight, and anyway, to repeat myself, if that was Mr. E's goal he was wrong to use a student that way.
Which is all hypothetical--we don't know his motives.
Posted by: Donald Johnson | December 17, 2008 at 10:53 AM
The end justifies the means. Who cares about the kid, her dad's a jerk. Political discussions are good for kids, therefore it doesn't matter what those discussions are, QED.
If a conservative or Christianist teacher used those exact same arguments to justify "getting to" a 13-year-old whose dad was the local ACLU staff attorney, or campaign manager for No on 8, or a Planned Parenthood board member, you'd be screaming your head off. Yet that teacher could proffer the exact arguments you are making in their defense.
What it comes down to is a teacher abusing his authority in the classroom in order to achieve a political goal. It doesn't matter what that goal is or how "privileged" the child is. It's wrong, period.
Posted by: mythago | December 17, 2008 at 10:55 AM
Bernard--She's put on the spot the instant the issue is raised in class if people know who her father is.
To me it again depends on the motives and also the school. If he was trying to put the daughter on the spot then he's wrong. If it is the kind of thing he might have done anyway then it's not clear to me at all. Again, this is a Quaker school, not a public school where no teacher should be allowed to inflict his or her anti-apartheid, anti-torture, anti-mass-murdering views on students whose parents might make a living praising people like Jonas Savimbi. I'm not being snarky. I don't think it would be appropriate in a public school to arrange a protest against Reagan Administration policy, no matter how monstrous. In a Quaker school, given their traditions, I can't say that. If a child went to a conservative religious school I would not be shocked if the teacher arranged an anti-abortion protest. If such things occurred, parents who object might want to send their children to a different school.
Posted by: Donald Johnson | December 17, 2008 at 11:04 AM
My personal take is that if it was his intention that Rennie either join the protest or be humiliated, that's a bad thing, and an abuse of power. If, on the other hand, his intention was to come up with a project that the whole class could get involved in as a matter of choice, and that Rennie's exclusion was a result of said choice (her father's, I imagine), and furthermore that if said exclusion came with no negative consequences in terms of how she was treated in class, then I have absolutely no problem at all with the outcome.
I'd tend to think there was just a wee bit of extra drama injected into this account. For one thing, I have doubts that a 13-year-old is going to be left alone in a classroom for half a day, unsupervised.
So, I'd tend to err on the side of treating what the teacher did charitably, absent information that might tend to condemn him.
now_what:
No, it's that no one, regardless of position, should be exposed to selective injustice in the classroom. It's not the job of the teacher to shield the students in any way that's geared to their life circumstances, but neither is it the job of the teacher to strive toward some odd notion of social justice by trying to balance out the student's life advantages with some equal but opposite unpleasantness.
But maybe I misunderstood. Always and ever a possibility.
Posted by: Slartibartfast | December 17, 2008 at 11:13 AM
Though that said, I don't actually know if arranging protests is normal in a Quaker school. Maybe they would think it too coercive and this was exceptional.
Posted by: Donald Johnson | December 17, 2008 at 11:15 AM
I'm a progressive-leaning educator, and I immediately thought of one supposition, a classroom technique, that could have led to this situation... in a project-based environment, you immerse the students in the basic information of the unit, but then, as a teacher, you allow for and surf over a wave of creative suggestions from the class, regarding how they're going to synthesize the information into a tangible product. As a teacher with real-world adult experience, you often have to facilitate resources to make the projects come to fruition. The teacher is still a leader, but the ideas still belong to the students, and thereby become more meaningful.
My supposition: is it possible that the protest event was a creation of the group, or of a vocal and persuasive student? It doesn't make Jill wrong or a liar; she probably remembers the teacher's enthusiasm for the idea and his footwork in getting the field trip together.
This is plausible to me, more plausible than saying to a bunch of kids "Hey! Guess what? The final part of this unit - we're gonna go protest!" If kids of this age don't 'own' this idea in some way, it becomes a pointless chore, like anything else. Actually sounds like a great South Park episode - Mr. Garrison drags his class to protest the cancellation of America's Next Top Model, or some such.
My point is, this sort of progressivist technique is somewhat risky (see 'safe classroom post by socratic_me, very nice.) Progressive education can provide the most creatively fulfilling, eye-opening experiences, but it can also bite the teacher on the ass in the most unpredictable ways - alienating students, upsetting parents, failure of an untested process, etc. It's usually a worthwhile risk, but (on the off chance that my supposition was reality) it managed to create a negative memory, recallable 20 years later.
Posted by: jingokillah | December 17, 2008 at 11:32 AM
I understand, Hilzoy, that you're treating this as a basically hypothetical case, but given that some commentators are drawing conclusions about the actual individual (he's "a fucking asshole" or whatever), it seems worth noting that, at least upon the evidence presented, Jill's interpretation seems tenuous.
Now, maybe Mr. E said some stuff that confirmed it, or there are other reasons to think that he did this to "leverage" Rennie's dad. But with the story as given, I think that we can imagine a rather different scenario: Mr. E taught current events; he was planning to teach about South Africa. Even though one of his students' parents was inovlved in the issue, he decided not to change the lesson plan, and went through with it. He was sorry she was uncomfortable, but he didn't feel right *not* teaching about the issue just because one of the students' parents was involved in the politics.
Under this scenario, it's a lot harder for me to say that Mr. E did the wrong thing. Should he have deliberately avoided the topic, given Rennie's presence in his class? Maybe. But I wouldn't say so. And certainly this isn't treating her as a means rather than an end.
Even the protest strikes me as more complicated than you're suggesting. The prayers in school are generally set before the year, and agreement is presumed, or coerced. But from the story presented, it sounds like the idea of the protest could have developed *after* Mr. E saw that his clas *was* unanimous on this issue. The presumed unanimity could, in other words, have been not presumed but discovered. (From the story, it sounds like even Rennie agreed with them, even if she felt awkward about it.) Again, should he have nixed the idea given the awkwardness for Rennie? Maybe. But it's a far more complicated issue.
As long as we're strictly talking hypotheticals, then I find Hilzoy's comments persuasive. But given that this seems to be a real person, it seems worth noting that the underlying interpretation is far from the only one.
Posted by: Stephen Frug | December 17, 2008 at 11:36 AM
Jesurgislac,
A teacher leads a discussion about abortion and then has 13 year old kids attend a pro-life rally in front of a Planned Parenthood clinic. One of the girls has as a parent a high level member of NARAL.
You're totally ok with this right?
Posted by: Sebastian | December 17, 2008 at 11:47 AM
I note Donald Johnson's comment about Quaker schools, and I also note the comments of several people about the dangers of mind reading.
Even keeping those qualifications in mind, IMVHO Mr. E (or any teacher) should not be enlisting students in organized political protests.
It's one thing to introduce discussion of issues in a classroom. It's quite another to require or expect kids in your charge to be *participants* on one side or the other of a politically or socially charged question.
It's the expectation of participation, whether whole-hearted or just going through the motions, that makes this analogous to school prayer, and is why I'm also against organized, school sanctioned prayer in schools.
If kids want to pray, they can find a quiet spot and pray. They should neither be expected to, or prevented from, doing so.
If kids want to participate in a protest, they should go for it. The school should neither expect them to, nor prevent them from, doing so.
Kids look to adults for direction. What, to an adult, would not feel like coercion at all, may well feel like exactly that to a kid.
That's how it looks to me. I'm in the hilzoy/Yomtov camp.
Thanks -
Posted by: russell | December 17, 2008 at 11:47 AM
I want to point out that socratic e up above has a very good point. I read that story this morning on jack and jill and was very disturbed by it, but (and apologies to the original poster there) I don't think we can take that poster's viewpoint on her teacher's real intentions as gospel. Her own account is very confused and wanders up and down the register of attributions of motives--for instance she tells us that Chester Crocker's daughter "refused" to go on the protest and that the daughter said "its because of my dad" which lots of the readers of hte post then interpreted as the *father* having forced the girl not to go to the protest. Similarly, the poster attributes to Mr. E the naive and childish notion that he can "get" at Chester Crocker through his daughter and "Force" the father to have uncomfortable discussions with his daughter although its impossible to believe that a senior teacher at Sidwell can have been under any illusion as to the hard rock immorality of the pro-apartheid regime. In other words, you'd have had to be a fool to think that Chester Crocker and the administration he served would suddenly bang themselves on the forehead and say "wow! apartheid is really wrong! lets do something about it!" as the result of one or two teary conversations with a thirteen year old child over dinner.
There is obviously nothing wrong with a private school organizing protests or other social actions for their students. My kids belong to such a school and the kids get organized and organize themselves to do lots of things that the parent body, as a whole, endorse when they send their kids to such a school. Just as some schools wouldn't be caught dead organizing a protest of a government action but think it normal for their kids to go to a sock hop or organize a ski trip.
That being said--that the Jack and Jill writer is an unreliable narrator as to the true intentions and even the actual actions of Mr. E. I would be shocked and disgusted if any teacher went out of his or her way to make a single child uncomfortable *in order to attack or distress that child's parent.* That is simply unacceptable. The child is in the care of the teacher and it is not only folly for the teacher to concern himself with the parent's out of school business but it is incredibly cruel. It treats the student, with whom the teacher has a serious trust relationship, as a means and not an end in herself. And its utterly counterproductive. I'm not advocating that no uncomfortable lessons be taught to the children of bigots. But the lesson has to be worth teaching to all the kids, equally, for its sake and for their sake regardless of the imagined position of the parents. So if its the school's practice for apartheid to be taught in a history class or a social studies or other class then it has to be taught regardless of parental discomfort. But if Mr. E was teaching it as a personal vendetta against a student and her father in a class where it was not the rightful subject matter then I think he and the school were at fault. (I've got no beef with his organizing things afterschool, or on a voluntary basis, even if his subject were chemistry or mathematics).
aimai
Posted by: AIMAI | December 17, 2008 at 11:57 AM
Given now_what's prior comments on how he treats dinner guests, and his current comments on how he treats other people's children, he must have one hell of a great social life.
Posted by: Phil | December 17, 2008 at 11:59 AM
A teacher leads a discussion about abortion and then has 13 year old kids attend a pro-life rally in front of a Planned Parenthood clinic. One of the girls has as a parent a high level member of NARAL.
You're totally ok with this right?
Happens most every day in Catholic schools. Permission slips, Seb, permission slips.
I'm in awe of the apartheid equals abortion argument, though.
Posted by: Jadegold | December 17, 2008 at 12:01 PM
My take on it is this: Crocker didn't really "approve" of apartheid. It was just that "constructive engagement" was a policy that most people who opposed apartheid didn't think was as "constructive" as he did. As a government official, it presented problems for him and his mission if he allowed his minor child to protest a country's policies that he was trying to influence by other means. Thus, if he had explained to his child that apartheid is indeed wrong, and protesting it would normally be okay, but in this case it wasn't, because it might interfere with what he was trying to accomplish (the same thing but through different means), then she should not have felt bad about being excluded (or she might have, but it wouldn't have necessarily been an unforgivable situation).
Posted by: Sapient | December 17, 2008 at 12:09 PM
The question was, are YOU ok with this? Not, does it ever happen. Torture happens every day, am I to interpret your response as "I'm ok with that?"
I also don't think that in fact teachers regularly take kids to anti-abortion protests as a part of the lesson plan even at Catholic schools very often but that is a different point.
Posted by: Sebastian | December 17, 2008 at 12:10 PM
Sebastian: A teacher leads a discussion about abortion and then has 13 year old kids attend a pro-life rally in front of a Planned Parenthood clinic. One of the girls has as a parent a high level member of NARAL.
I'm fine with it, Sebastian:
If the discussion about abortion is a *real discussion*, not just an opportunity for the teacher to tell the girls how they ought to be glad to be used as incubators and abortion is Teh Evil. I came to the conclusion that forced pregnancy is always wrong when I was 15 or 16, and I'd already heard from a bunch of pro-life campaigners - including one classroom guest speaker who handed out those popular pics of "butchered fetuses". I'm absolutely fine with teenagers getting to discuss real issues, in a structured, classroom situation. (Showing "both sides" of the moral argument would probably have been useful in the South African discussion, though asking Rennie's dad along to give a presentation on why he believes it's good for the US to keep black people in South Africa subjugated and denied basic rights, would probably have been even more hurtful for Rennie.)
And if, besides attending the pro-life rally outside Planned Parenthood, the students also get to attend a meeting of Planned Parenthood volunteers and hear about the patients who got harassed by the rally even though they were going in for their regular checkup, or to collect their birth control prescription, that sounds like a balanced, informative day out.
I'm pro-choice, Sebastian. I believe people - even teenagers! - should get to be informed about the issues and make their own decisions.
Posted by: Jesurgislac | December 17, 2008 at 12:20 PM
I always felt sorry for the children of fundies when their parents refused to let them attend sex-ed classes. Or refused permission to go to museums with big dino bones. Or anything that challenged that parent's beliefs.
I think Jill took a bit too far. Dude was a black teacher? Who was educated and interested in the world? Heh. I seriously doubt he wanted to do anything more than *reach* the kid, not exclude her.
Maybe you guys don't remember it, but Ronald Reagan's South Africa policy was every degree of morally reprehensible. Not only for what went on in South Africa and Savimbi, but most of the other countries in Southern Africa. And I haven't even started about the whole nuclear thing...There wouldn't have been something anyone would been able to defend, and Rennie would have already felt excluded before the field trip.
Also, I support the idea of political field trips. If the class really wanted to go? Absolutely! Children and teens absolutely hate being powerless, and one of the central failures of American educational policy is the inability to teach some notion of civic behavior. If we could get out and riot and protest like the French do, we would have a much healthier democracy!
The wringing of hands in the thoughts here feels a little like SCLM doing its best to make democratics as bad as republicans, really! Civility is so much more murky than the forms of politness.
Posted by: shah8 | December 17, 2008 at 12:22 PM
I second everything that byrningman says. I think he's absolutely right on every point. Right and wrong matter, but the larger outcomes, i.e. things on a national scale matter more than things on small scale. And I think it's awfully presumptous to assume everything is about you, or in this case to believe the account that this was a scheme on the part of Mr. E to get at this guy through his daughter.
Posted by: Meditative_Zebra | December 17, 2008 at 12:29 PM
I think that the teacher used very bad judgement.
The bad judgement came when the protest became a class activity. He had any number of options that he could have chosen that didnot have the effect of humiliating one of his students.
1. Notify the class of the protest and leave it entirely up to individual students to speak with their parents and decided to attend or not.
2. Assign the class to write letters to the editor stating their own conclusions, while making sure that the grading was on mechanics, organization, clarity and support, not on the opinion expressed.
3. Invite Mr. Corker to speak. ( I'd ask his daughter how she felt about this first).
4. Find a speaker of note other than mr. Corker to represent his prespective if Mr. Corker was not available or his daughter didn't want her dad in class.
Any how the point is I'm with hilzoy: he had no business managing his class in such a way that it had the effect of making one of his students feel that she could not in good conscience participate in a classroom activity.
BTW there are time when it is appropriate to disagree with a student or to teachsomething the student does not believe. A science teacher, for example, is under an obligation to teach eveolution, not creationism, regardless of how students feel about it. Just because a student is a Republican is no reason to pretend that Iraq had WMD's or a connection to the 911 terrorist. Nethertheless the disagreement needs to be done politely and respectfully and the student should not be put in the position of being publically ostricized or alienated.
Posted by: wonkie | December 17, 2008 at 12:35 PM
I see a lot of comments that are basically riffs on "the end justifies the means" while pointing out how awful the Apartheid was awful. This neglects a fairly significant point that Kant made along with that ends and means discussion. People must never be treated as means. Part of their basic humanity means that they should not be treated as mere objects to be manipulated. Treating a person as a means to an end entails a total disregard for any ends they might themselves have.
Posted by: socratic_me | December 17, 2008 at 12:42 PM
Jes,
You just added a whole bunch of stipulations to Sebastian's hypothetical that have no corollary in the situation hilzoy presented. I think this is actually Seb's point. At the point they participated in a rally, it isn't clear that there is an educational mission at all. The balance that you inject into Sebastian's example is vital for it to seem fair. It's absence in the Apartheid example is telling.
Posted by: socratic_me | December 17, 2008 at 12:48 PM
"If the discussion about abortion is a *real discussion*, not just an opportunity for the teacher to tell the girls how they ought to be glad to be used as incubators and abortion is Teh Evil."
Was there a 'real' discussion about how engagement might be a more constructive policy for Cuba/South Africa than embargo?
I don't see any evidence of that.
You have to change the whole tenor of the class discussion in order to get to 'yes'. So I'll take that as a 'no'.
Posted by: Sebastian | December 17, 2008 at 12:54 PM
Socratic_me: The balance that you inject into Sebastian's example is vital for it to seem fair. It's absence in the Apartheid example is telling.
But telling of what?
Although I don't agree with pro-lifers, you could readily find people to make their case in a way suitable for a classroom discussion. Likewise, you could readily find people to make the pro-choice case. Probably there would be a range of opinions across the classroom, from pro-life to pro-choice. It would be the teacher's responsibility to hold the balance, to ensure that all the girls' opinions could be freely expressed, that the kids would learn the practice of civil debate. (This didn't happen in my school, about 25-30 years ago: we got the pro-lifer who handed out fetus pics, and at a separate session we got the doctor from the local Brooke Advisory Centre - the British equivalent of Planned Parenthood, I guess, specifically for teenagers.)
In order to have such a balanced debate on South Africa, there would need to be a contingent of students in the classroom who supported apartheid. Would you get them?
Even Rennie, from Jill's account, didn't positively think apartheid was a good thing. Did any of the kids? Ought some of them to have been forced to argue the case for apartheid in order to have a "balanced" debate?
Posted by: Jesurgislac | December 17, 2008 at 01:13 PM
Mr. E's motives are certainly in doubt, but his lack of sensitivity is clear.
Oh geez, there has been far, far too much concern about being sensitive to extemely powerful people's feelings. From Scooter Libby not having to do jail time because people are critizising him and that punishment enough to the fact the we must overlook torture and war crimes because their hearts were in the right place and they were just trying their best, now look at all the awful things those hippies are saying about Cheney and Rumsfeld.
Given typical criminal sentences for law breaking (have seen people do more time for sassing back to a cop than Scooter Libby) I am really unsympathetic to the idea that the powerful must endure pubic criticism and that is surely enough punishment.
I do admit the fact that it involved Crooker's kid makes some difference, but I can't disagree with now_what above that the children of wealth and priviledge, more than anyone else, should have to learn how the sausage is made.
Posted by: fledermaus | December 17, 2008 at 01:13 PM
Brilliant post, Hilzoy.
Posted by: von | December 17, 2008 at 01:15 PM
In the general case I wholeheartedly agree with this, and regard behavior like that of Mr. E to be inappropriate and insensitive regardless of intent. And if his purpose was to lean on Crocker via his daughter then I agree that this was reprehensible, for the exact same reasons hilzoy gives.
However.
This is an expensive private school run by Quakers. Parents choose to send their children there. If you send your children to a Catholic school you might reasonably expect them to participate in pro-life activities, and be exposed to stronger arguments against abortion than in favor of choice. If you sent your child to a Jewish school you might reasonably expect them to participate in pro-Israel activities and be exposed to stronger arguments favoring the continued occupation of the occupied territories than opposing it. Etc...
So under the circumstances I don't see how being sympathetic to 13-year old Rennie Crocker requires us to also condemn Mr. E. Unless of course we have some additional insight into the question of intent. Basing intent on an adult's recollection of a childhood event strikes me as, yeah, mindreading.
Also it's not clear (at least to me) why Rennie couldn't participate in the protest. It doesn't sound as though she disagreed on merits. It sounds like her dad wouldn't sign the permission slip. Why not? Because it would be too embarrassing to have his daughter protest his actions? Because he didn't think that she should be adopting views that differed from his? Why should we absolve the parent from responsibility for having placed his daughter in this bind, when it was a bind that he might reasonably have expected her to encounter?
Posted by: radish | December 17, 2008 at 01:18 PM
Sebastian: Was there a 'real' discussion about how engagement might be a more constructive policy for Cuba/South Africa than embargo?
You could have a real discussion about how outright evil such as apartheid can best be opposed by economic embargo (as it proved) but differences of political opinion, such as Communist Cuba versus capitalist US, are best opposed by engagement.
But in order to have that, you have to have a range of views across the class. Apartheid is one of those issues it's very hard to find a range of views on with idealistic teenagers... especially in a racially mixed class with a black teacher, I would guess.
Posted by: Jesurgislac | December 17, 2008 at 01:20 PM
No, it's that no one, regardless of position, should be exposed to selective injustice in the classroom
She was exposed to selective injustice just by being in that private classroom with its 4:1 student/faculty ratio and tuition of around 100% of the median worker's wages. The only difference is that one exposure to selective injustice benefited her, and one made her have to sulk around alone in a classroom for an afternoon. So what? I'm sure the students at DC public schools in the 80s were well aware of being exposed to "selective injustice" at an early age, why shouldn't she be? And if the "injustice" is that you can't participate in an activity because your family is carrying out racist policies to gain power and profit, where exactly is the greatest injustice being done?
...
It's quite another to require or expect kids in your charge to be *participants* on one side or the other of a politically or socially charged question
If you're a Quaker, it's a religious question. Don't send your kids to private religious schools if you don't believe in the religion being espoused and you shouldn't run into such problems.
Otherwise take the parts you like along with the parts you don't, the same as working class non-Catholics who send their kids to private Catholic schools do.
Posted by: now_what | December 17, 2008 at 01:36 PM
One further comment: It's worth pointing out that Constructive Engagement was a completely ineffective policy that harmed American interests in the region and globally. As FA put it at the time (I just Googled it): "Having been offered many carrots by the United States over a period of four-and-a-half years as incentives to institute meaningful reforms, the South African authorities had simply made a carrot stew and eaten it." And meaningful reform was critical: even leaving aside the human rights element, the white minority government was fragile. Worse, they had nukes. There were nuts in the white government who would have used those nukes against the black majority population. ("There's danger in a desperate man / watch yourself, I'm panicking.") Propping them up (along with Ian Smith of Zimbabwe) was almost certain to make things worth. Even if there had been a takeover by the ANC, and even if it was peaceful, would Mandela have emerged as the new leader of South Africa under this alternate history? He was in jail at the time, and a way was paved for him by the reforms that (finally) were enacted. If not he, who? Not everyone in the ANC and opposition groups was an angel (imagine a nuclear-armed, USSR-supported, Mugabe-style thugocracy .... and you start to see the problem).
I could go on and on, but Crocker's policy was equal parts stupid and immoral. None of it, however, justifies a teacher treating his daughter as a tool. (Assuming, of course, that Jill's assessment of Mr. E's motive is correct.)
And shame on Jill as well for applauding "Mr. E's" lapse.
Posted by: von | December 17, 2008 at 01:41 PM
I think you're going too far here, Seb. You don't know that 'Constructive Engagement' wasn't cited in class; you're prejudging the argument for it as being worthwhile or lengthy. Sure, there was *an* argument for it, but that doesn't mean it was a good argument, or an in-depth one. It was. in fact, a self-dealing opinion pretending to be an argument, AFAIC. I am very tired of 'debates' which never end, because one side doesn't actually want anything resolved or decided. Abortion itself is exemplary of this.
Very good point here, russell. I'd say that what it feels like to the kid may not be what we would call 'coercion' exactly, but rather more like taking advantage of impressionability - an adult often gives direction even when they don't explicitly mean to do so. Just a restate...
Posted by: jonnybutter | December 17, 2008 at 01:48 PM
And shame on Jill as well for applauding "Mr. E's" lapse.
Hmmm, a minority student on a scholarship in a privileged white environment has warm memories about a perhaps solitary minority teacher from a time 30 years in the past and she needs to be shamed? Of course, in the drama, this is where the lawyer brings the witness to testify under oath and leaves her sobbing in the box by either
a) forcing her to recant her interpretation because it is logically inconsistent or
b)forcing her to admit that Mr E is actually an intolerant idealogue who is just using the kids to foster his dreams of power.
How this is used would depend on if the person in question is a hero or a villian.
Posted by: liberal japonicus | December 17, 2008 at 02:08 PM
That's just awful. Whatever shall we do? Maybe a law ought to be passed to prevent such injustices from being perpetrated.
The ratio is more like 10:1, actually, but that's just quibbling over petty realities. I'm getting a slightly better ratio than that right now with my older kid, for a great deal less money, but again: petty realities.
Posted by: Slartibartfast | December 17, 2008 at 02:49 PM
I agree with socratic_me's 12:46 comment that this case nicely illustrates kant's point about not using people merely as a means to one's own ends. And I gather that hilzoy's point is that Rennie was wronged because she was used as a means of getting to her father, and not because she was made to feel ostracized.
To see this, suppose Rennie saw her situation as a golden opportunity to rebel, and she let her father have it when he refused to let her go on the trip. When she told the other kids what she said to her father, they supported her, saying 'Way to go!' and 'Stick it to him!' In this case, she would not have been ostracized, nor would she have felt isolated from her classmates. But (assuming a certain intent on the part of her teacher) she still would have been used as a means, and her teenage desire for rebellion would have been used as a tool to manipulate her. So she still would have been wronged.
On the other hand, suppose that the class never went on a trip to protest, so that Rennie never had to speak to her father about what was discussed in class. In that case, she would not have been used as a means, and so not necessarily wronged (on the kant's and, I think, hilzoy's view). This is so even if Rennie nevertheless felt isolated or ostracized because the other students were strongly opposed to her father's views.
In short, she was wronged because she was used, not (necessarily) because she felt ostracized or put on the spot. (Of course this doesn't mean that it is ok to ostracize people or put them on the spot. It just means that doing so is not always wrong.)
Once this point becomes clear, it is obvious why, for example, now_what's lack of sympathy with Rennie's feelings is beside the point: she would have been wronged even if she felt fine. (Similarly, while one might reasonably feel sympathy with hilzoy's students when they were called out for misusing words, one should not therefore judge that they were wronged.)
Posted by: AC | December 17, 2008 at 02:50 PM
You could have a real discussion about how outright evil such as apartheid can best be opposed by economic embargo (as it proved) but differences of political opinion, such as Communist Cuba versus capitalist US, are best opposed by engagement.
Uh, not that I don't agree that the Cuban embargo is rank stupidity, but I think that, healthcare and hurricane warnings aside, Castro's Cuba certainly is a bit closer to the "outright evil" side of the scale than you're granting here.
Posted by: Phil | December 17, 2008 at 03:33 PM
And how are they 'making their own decisions' if the protest is planned, directed and executed by their teacher? That's what baffles me here; that many posters do not seem to understand that this is a classroom we're talking about, not a social club. High school students are not free to ignore or argue with their teacher's dictates in a way that they are with their friends, or even in the way that college students might argue with their professor.
(And, has been pointed out, this is of course a discussion assuming that Jill's interpretation is correct.)
Posted by: mythago | December 17, 2008 at 04:06 PM
Actually, and I know this is well off topic, but is there a really good case for an effective embargo of South Africa circa 1980 that doesn't run against all the standard arguments against the Cuban embargo being effective?
It seems that most of the modern arguments about why the Cuban embargo was so ineffective and counterproductive would argue that an embargo of South Africa (which is much better positioned to be self-sufficient than Cuba) would be counterproductive and unhelpful.
And when did the Reagan policy change? I'm sketchy on the details, but was there an effective embargo right after that? The secret talks between the NP and Mandela and the ANC began in 1986. The ANC was unbanned in early 1990. Was the Bush I policy dramatically different? Are we to believe that the weaker European embargo of South Africa was more effective than the stronger US embargo of Cuba?
Posted by: Sebastian | December 17, 2008 at 04:07 PM
The ratio is more like 10:1, actually, but that's just quibbling over petty realities.
1091 students and 250 faculty. How do you get 10:1? Even the student/classroom teacher (not faculty) ratio is 7 point something to 1.
What is it in the DC public schools?
That's just awful. Whatever shall we do?
In other words, you only seem to care about selective injustice in selected instances, which so far, only involve the injustice of poor little rich kids having to face how they got to be poor little rich kids.
Maybe I'm misreading you, in which case feel free to explain what you mean by, "That's just awful. Whatever shall we do"?
Posted by: now_what | December 17, 2008 at 04:51 PM
Hmmm, a minority student on a scholarship in a privileged white environment has warm memories about a perhaps solitary minority teacher from a time 30 years in the past and she needs to be shamed?
LJ, that's a wonderful rejoinder - just not to my point. Jill isn't relating here warm memories of a perhaps solitary minority teacher from a time 25 or so years in the past. She's lauding a particular act as praiseworthy when it's not praiseworthy at all -- indeed, it's downright wrong. (Assuming Jill's interpretation/memory is correct.)
We will probably nevery know what was in Mr. E's mind or what he intended. We do know what's in Jill's mind, however.
Actually, and I know this is well off topic, but is there a really good case for an effective embargo of South Africa circa 1980 that doesn't run against all the standard arguments against the Cuban embargo being effective?
The Cuban embargo is flawed because it is essentially implemented by a single state (US).* By comparison, constructive engagement required us to block a UN embargo and continue to trade with SA as if all was well. Effectively, Crocker committed us to a policy of all spoils, no rod. The policy was ended (over Reagan's veto) in the mid-80s; shortly thereafter, South Africa started to reform. With a (small) assist from GB, we were literally the only ones holding the process up.
Crocker deserves to be condemned for this idiotic policy. But that doesn't justify Mr. E treating his daughter like a pawn or Jill finding such a thing praiseworthy.
*Embargos work.... it's the as-implemented Cuban embargo that doesn't work.
Posted by: von | December 17, 2008 at 05:12 PM
10 students per advisor. Although the student-to-teacher ratio for the school is given as just under 7.9, that's for the whole school, and doesn't seem to match up with their stated class ratios that run up to 16:1 in some grades.
I don't see any injustice at all in them being rich, is all. Certainly I don't see the justice in doling out misery in some effort to balance out inequity as you see it.
Which should answer your next question, as well.
Posted by: Slartibartfast | December 17, 2008 at 05:32 PM
And y'know, I had just been thinking that it was a little sad how some of the previous auto bailout post discussions here were (for the most part) so predictably working out along partisan lines . . .
" He was sorry she was uncomfortable, but he didn't feel right *not* teaching about the issue just because one of the students' parents was involved in the politics. .. . Should he have deliberately avoided the topic, given Rennie's presence in his class? Maybe. But I wouldn't say so."
Again, I'm not seeing that this is the issue, either in hilzoy's post or in Jill's - as presented there, we only get an indication that things got kinda toxic (whatever the intention) in regards to the protest (how accurate long-ago perception was . . {Shrug})
Anyway, I think the real question here is whether now_what serves other people's childrens to visiting vegetarians . . .
Posted by: Dan S. | December 17, 2008 at 05:36 PM
I'm trying to refresh my really sketchy memory on the SA embargo and all I can come up with is the UN arms embargo. I would have sworn there was some sort of general trade thing but I can't find anything on it.
Posted by: Sebastian | December 17, 2008 at 05:42 PM
The Cuban embargo is flawed because it is essentially implemented by a single state (US).* . . . *Embargos work.... it's the as-implemented Cuban embargo that doesn't work.
Actually, as a general rule I don't think "embargos work" is at all true, as it depends entirely on what it is you hope to accomplish. What goal exactly is it that you think could be -- or, in any case, could have been -- achieved in Cuba via a "properly implemented" embargo? Westernization? The abandonment of Communism? A revolution in reverse? Castro ceding power?
Posted by: Phil | December 17, 2008 at 05:51 PM
And maybe then you can also explain how the American oil embargo against the Japanese pre-WWII "worked."
Posted by: Phil | December 17, 2008 at 05:55.
Phil, you're way off topic here, but, for clarity: I am not endorsing any form of the Cuban embargo. The example of the Japanese embargo actually proves my point, in that even a limited US embargo drastically changed Japanese behavior (not in a positive way, mind you, but there's no denying the subsequent invasions and alliances). When I say that embargos "work," I mean a proper embargo has direct and substantial effects on the embargoee's behavior.
Posted by: von | December 17, 2008 at 06:00."
Right, so was there ever an actual effective embargo against SA?
Posted by: Sebastian | December 17, 2008 at 06:03 PM
Jill isn't relating here warm memories of a perhaps solitary minority teacher from a time 25 or so years in the past. She's lauding a particular act as praiseworthy when it's not praiseworthy at all -- indeed, it's downright wrong.
She's relating an incident in her childhood to try and give people a better idea of Sidwell is going to be like for the Obamas. She may be guilty of insufficent reflection and if I had a relationship (and that could be through a blog or whatever), I might explore that. I'd certainly try to get more information to understand the exact dynnamic. You feel that she should be shamed. When hilzoy moves this to the realm of hypothetical, I've got no problem with accepting this as wrong. When you are dealing with someone's memories, I prefer to have a lot more information before I would rush to judgement. In fact, the notion of 'shaming' pretty much precisely the social mechanism at issue here. When we construct the hypothetical, we can fully stipulate all the points. When we move it to someone's actual life, I do think that caution is in order. As someone who is pretty guarded about his personal life (and I'm not saying that there is anything wrong with this, I am simply juxtaposing it here), surely you can see the problem?
Posted by: liberal japonicus | December 17, 2008 at 06:12 PM
Right, so was there ever an actual effective embargo against SA?
The sports embargo, where SA was unable to compete in international sports, seemed to be a very effective form of pressure.
Posted by: liberal japonicus | December 17, 2008 at 06:22 PM
Ben Alpers:.
Donald Johnson: I don't actually know if arranging protests is normal in a Quaker school.
Things may certainly have changed since the 1960s, but when I was attending a Quaker school, any and all protest of societal injustice was organized outside the classroom, with no official sanction.
It would have been considered very un-Quaker to organize something like an anti-Viet Nam war protest inside the classroom, even as a class-instigated project (which would have met with enthusiastic participation), because of Friends' beliefs about the importance of discernment about internal "leadings" and the working of the inner light.
Posted by: Nell | December 17, 2008 at 06:41 PM
Folks are raising a lot of interesting points here, but to my mind the basic question hilzoy raises is kind of a no-brainer.
Rennie Crocker wasn't responsible for her father's career or political point of view. She wasn't responsible for the fact that South Africa was an oppressive government. She wasn't responsible for the fact that she lived a privileged life.
There is, in fact, nothing wrong with living a privileged life, assuming it's not coming at the expense of other people. We should all be so lucky.
Rennie Crocker was a kid going to middle school.
It's great for kids to be exposed to lots of different points of view in school. It's great for teachers to get their students to engage in debate about important issues, particularly as they enter later grades and approach adulthood.
But kids should not be expected or required to participate in activities that are problematic for them as part of going to school.
I have no idea if Mr. E had any intention of sticking it to Crocker through his kid or not. If he did, that was a really wrong thing to do.
But even short of that, I don't think it's a good idea for schools to be asking kids to participate in *advocacy* for controversial issues.
And for those areas where it's unavoidable -- teaching evolution, for example -- schools should make a point of respecting the point of view of kids for whom the content is problematic.
It's one thing to discuss apartheid in class. It's another to expect kids to participate in a demonstration against it.
In this particular example, I note that Sidwell is a Quaker school, and that the Quakers have a very long history of political and social activism, so perhaps Mr. E was doing nothing more than what was the norm for Sidwell. Certainly in other contexts, however, I'd say it was inappropriate.
Leave the kids alone. They have enough on their plate without getting recruited into everybody else's agendas.
Thanks -
Posted by: russell | December 17, 2008 at 06:42 PM
Great post about what constitutes a good learning environment, socratic_me.
Re: "Indeed, the reason that the environment must be fair is so that a student can be pushed to develop ideas through challenge and debate."
As a small exmaple, I am helping my fourth-grade son right now with his homework on the American Revolution. He knew the answer to who deserted the colonial cause -- after he asked me what the word "deserted" meant. Then I made some mention about, growing up as a kid, you never wanted to be called a Benedict Arnold. As usual, he one-upped me and told me in class he told the teacher that while we consider Arnold a traitor, the British must have felt he was a hero; just as, he noted, in the eyes of the British, George Washington was a Benedict Arnold.
Having never thought that way at his age it made me see what a much more free-thinking environment he learns in than I did -- that and I thank God he is in a charter school.
---
Hilzoy: Seeing how you are a college professor -- and seeing how you read your students' mistakes without attribution -- I must say they seem way too sensitive and, in the end, are better for what you did.
It seems that this spelling problem is a product of laziness and is rooted at the elementary level: At Danny's parent-teacher conference last week, I told his teacher I was aghast at what a horrible speller he is for such a smart boy. This otherwise terrific young teacher said something about how it's acceptable nowadays as long as the word "looks right," what with spellcheck and all. Spellcheck.
---
Jes: When we were in school, I don't think we ever were properly informed about birth control, much less abortion. I hope it is better today. But Sebastian's example of the teacher taking her students to a pro-life rally strikes me as forced advocacy and something I'd think would get the teacher fired. I think Seb's example was used 13- and 14-year-olds, who, obviously, are old enough to have sex -- not old enough, I wonder, to have a fully formed opinion on abortion. (Which isn't to say I would be against a 13- or 14-year-old girl having an abortion.)
Posted by: bedtimeforbonzo | December 17, 2008 at 07:10 PM
I should clarify that there were frequent protests against the Viet Nam war organized out of the nearby Friends Meeting, and those who joined those nearly weekly vigils of their own volition found senior members of the faculty and administration among the silent, prayerful protesters.
But we found our own way there; there was no recruitment by those same faculty and administrators.
Posted by: Nell | December 17, 2008 at 07:26 PM
I have been reading this thread all day at work wanting to make a comment, but my computer at work doesn't let me post comments. So, I come home and many of my comments are already stated.
Basically, as usual, I agree with russell's recent comment and want to give a little story.
My son teaches American History at a private Catholic College Prep HS in Chicago, Obviously, a lot of discussions in his classes this fall revolved around the election. FWIW, he was an Obama supporter. However, several of his students come from rather wealthy families and some of them were quite upfront about their negative feelings about Obama.
He challenged them, not by telling them they were wrong, but by asking them to come to class with actual evidence supporting some of their views. He then critiqued the evidence they produced, whether it be by talking about the source of the evidence, or the interpretation of what they had read or heard.
His point was not to get them to change their opinions, but to make them learn to think and assess information they received with a critical eye. He did the same thing for some of the loudest Obama supporters.
The telling point came when after the election he was told by some students that they knew he supported Obama, by others that they knew he supported McCain and by others that they didn't have any idea who he supported.
I know I am biased, but I think this is a mark of a good teacher, to get students to think critically without interjecting him/herself too much into the process.
Additionally, although a Catholic school which does have daily Mass and which prays for the unborn, they do not promote pro-life activities in the community, but leave those activities up to the individual students through their social activities which may or may not have school sponsorship or through their own churches.
Posted by: john miller | December 17, 2008 at 07:27 PM
john miller: You should be biased. Your son is the kind of teacher I'd want mine to have. Too many kids seem to support a candidate because it's who their parents support or because "it's cool." (My son was always upset at me that I was pulling for Hillary over Obama in the primaries.)
Posted by: bedtimeforbonzo | December 17, 2008 at 07:46 PM
Phil, you're way off topic here, but, for clarity: I am not endorsing any form of the Cuban embargo.
1. I'm not off topic - you brought it up. Don't bring things up if you don't want people to talk about them. Besides, Gary Farber is the official Thread Cop, not you.
2. I didn't ask whether or not you endorsed any form of Cuban embargo. I asked what "work" you think would have been done by a properly-implemented one.
Posted by: Phil | December 17, 2008 at 08:00 PM
In 1986, the UN Security Council finally recommended to the member states of the United Nations that they “prohibit the export to South Africa of items which they have reason to believe are destined for the military and/or police forces of South Africa”.
I was 19 then, and to my recollection, the voluntary consumer boycott of South African produce and businesses had been going on for at least five or six years. - And of course continued till 1990 (or 1994, depending what a purist you were). It still feels like current events to me - but I suppose to many people reading this, it's history.
I recall specifically that Barclays Bank disinvested in South Africa in the 1980s because it had become clear to them that they were losing business as a result.
Posted by: Jesurgislac | December 17, 2008 at 08:06 PM
Rennie was doomed to an uncomfortable classroom experience from the moment apartheid was raised as an issue in that class. According to Jill, the students were thrilled to participate in a class protest.
If Mr. E planned to make Rennie uncomfortable, then he was abusing his authority. If that was not his intent then I don't necessarily think there was a problem. His approach may not fit a particular model of what a good teacher should be like (someone who keeps his opinions to himself) , but then maybe not every good teacher has to fit that model. A teacher should be respectful to the students who disagree with him, but I'd need further information before I could conclude that Mr. E was disrespectful to Rennie.
Posted by: Donald Johnson | December 17, 2008 at 08:06 PMA customer from California came to us requesting new light fixtures for his existing pickleball court. The court was currently being used at night at a recreational facility and the old fixtures had finally run their course. Our customer wanted to make the switch to LED due to the efficiency and performance of these fixtures, so we stepped in to help.
Small Challenges, Big Solutions
The existing pickleball court was a standard size, flanked in four places by 18 foot poles that bordered the court. The poles presented a unique challenge to us because unlike most typical square steel poles, these did not have a 2 3/8″ tenon but instead had a unique diameter of close to 2 7/8″. Diameter is important when considering how to mount light fixtures onto a pole because most sports lighters mount via slipfitter onto a 2 3/8″ vertical tenon.
Another request was that the fixtures provided little glare to neighboring pedestrians and areas, while still maintaining a reasonable amount of light on the court. We suggested the APTA 240, which produces over 123 lumens per watt. This fixture has custom optics including backlight shielding to prevent glare and focus light only where it is needed — on the court itself. We also suggested getting bird spikes since the pickleball court is close to the ocean where plenty of opportunistic and messy seagulls live.
The customer decided to purchase four APTA 240 fixtures from us to affix to his current poles, but there was one problem left. The size of the pole was not standard and would require a reducer in order to snugly fit a slipfitter atop it. We did some research and were able to find our customer four appropriate reducers in order to narrow the poles down to the required 2 3/8″.
The end result? A very happy customer with a brand new, brightly-lit pickleball court that will save him money and last for years and years. To shop pickleball court lighting, click here or call 800-468-9925 to request a quote or a photometric analysis.
...Private Wealth Management Firm jobs in Masters
Broaden your search
Refine your search
- Private Wealth Management Firm Remove selection
- Masters Remove selection
- India Remove selection
Found 2 India, India jobs
Junior Equity Ananlyst
CA / MBA (finance) / CFA (open to candidates in their final levels) Preferred background of technical education (engineering, computer science, ...
Research Analyst
Gather & analyze data, that will help understand, evaluate industry & company trends. Build and maintain financial models & prepare research reports.In Germany, home schooling is simply illegal. Is that going to happen in the USA, too?
N.H. High Court to Hear Case of Girl Ordered Out of Homeschooling
The New Hampshire Supreme Court has agreed to take up the case of a Christian girl who was ordered out of homeschooling and into a public school.
Attorneys for 10-year-old Amanda Kurowski argue that the lower court judge overstepped its authority when it determined that it would be in the best interest of the student to explore and examine new things, other than Christianity.
“Courts.”
Ms. Voydatch insisted that she does not push religion on Amanda and said her daughter’s choice to share her religious beliefs is a free choice.
The court, however, determined that “Amanda’s vigorous defense of her religious beliefs to the counselor suggests strongly that she has not had the opportunity to seriously consider any other point of view” and that enrolling her in a public school would expose her to a variety of points of view.
At the same time, the court found the girl to be “well liked, social and interactive with her peers, academically promising, and intellectually at or superior to grade level.”
Nevertheless, Judge Lucinda V. Sadler approved the GAL’s recommendation earlier this summer and ruled that it would be in Amanda’s best interests to attend a public school in the 2009-2010 academic year.
Simmons filed a motion to reconsider and stay the order. But the judge denied the motions and stated that the girl “is at an age when it can be expected that she would benefit from the social interaction and problem solving she will find in public school, and granting a stay would result in a lost opportunity for her.”
ADF Senior Legal Counsel Mike Johnson responded, “We are concerned anytime a court oversteps its bounds to tread on the right of a parent to make sound educational choices, or to discredit the inherent value of the homeschooling option. The lower court effectively determined that it would be a ‘lost opportunity’ if a child’s Christian views are not sifted and challenged in a public school setting. We regard that as a dangerous precedent.”Formulated by Dr. Constantini in France, the Repairing Shampoo with Argan Oil is destined to restore fragile and/or damaged hair to give them once again the shine and suppleness. The argan oil makes hair more resistant and helps prevent the appearance of forks because of its richness in essential fatty acids and vitamin E. It is recommended for all hair types.
Aqua (Water), Spiraea Ulmaria (Meadowsweet) Flower Extract*, Decyl Glucoside, Caprylyl/ Capryl Glucoside, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Inulin, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil*, Parfum (Fragrance), Acacia Senegal Gum, Xanthan Gum, Sodium Chloride, Caesalpinia SpinosaGum, Potassium Hydroxide, Citric Acid, Benzyl Alcohol, Dehydroacetic AcidDave now teaches a few options when the clinch has been achieved.
The!Hunger.” Mark Steel, writing for the Independent
The Conservative notion of “deserving” and “undeserving” poor is a false dichotomy. No-one deserves to be poor
“Deserving” is a politically divergent word if there ever was one. The Conservatives have used it to apparently wage an all out class war, using austerity as a smokescreen. They certainly don’t take the side of the proverbial underdog. In fact the more need you have, the less this government considers you “deserving” of support and sympathy.
Policies aimed at people with what are politically regarded as “additional needs” are largely about ensuring your compliance, conformity and commitment to “behavioural change”, on the assumption that people somehow erroneously “choose” to need financial support. Claiming any form of state support has come to entail a deeply hostile and extremely challenging process that is causing psychological distress and often, physical harm, to our most vulnerable citizens. There are plently of examples of cases where this has happened documented on this site alone.
Such a disciplinarian mindset is now embedded in social security policy, rhetoric and administration. But we’ve been here before, back in 1832, when the Poor Law Amendment Act was aimed at categorising and managing “deserving” and “undeserving” poor. Those considered “deserving” were unfortunately placed in workhouses and punished by a loss of citizens freedoms and rights, in order to “deter” people from being poor. (See also The New New Poor Law, 2013.)
I’ve yet to come across a single case of someone being punished out of their poverty. Someone ought to send every government minister a copy of Maslow’s hierarchy of human needs, and remind them all that our post-war social security was originally designed and calculated to ensure people could meet the costs of basic survival needs, such as for food, fuel and shelter.
It was recognised back then that people struggling with basic survival requirements were highly unlikely to fulfil other higher level psychosocial potential, such as looking for work. If we want people to find work, we must first ensure they have the necessary resources to do so. And that the work available will make a real difference to their standard of living.
Poor people don’t create poverty, state decision-making does. The economy and labor market conditions do. The punitive approach to poverty didn’t work in the 1800s and 1900s, and it isn’t working and can’t possibly be made to work now. It’s an ideological dead horse. It died because of the brutal and unrelentless use of too much political brutality, the heavy hand of the state offering all stick and no carrots for poor people.
Being poor is itself punishing enough. Now the poor are being punished for being punished with poverty. No-one chooses to be poor, our overarching socioeconomic organisation is founded on the very principles of competition. Neoliberalism invariably means there will be a few “winners” (1%) and a lot of “losers” (99%). It’s embedded in the very nature of such a competitive system that emphasises individualism, rather than collectivism, to create increasing inequality and poverty.
It’s worth considering that people on low pay, or with part-time hours in work are also being sanctioned, if they claim “top up” benefits to supplement their exploitative rate of pay or poor and unstable work conditions. This fact is hardly a good advertisment for the government’s claim of “making work pay”, unless of course we refer back to the poor law reform “deterrence” of 1834. Apparently, making welfare sufficiently punitive to deter people from claiming it is how we make work pay, not by raising wages in line with the cost of living. Silly me. I mistook a propaganda soundbite at face value. It seems old ideolologies die hard, with a vengeance.
Apparently it’s an individual’s fault for not “progressing in work”. Nothing to do with increasingly precarious employment situations, executive decision-making, or a deregulated labor market, of course.
In-work benefits have effectively subsidised employers’ wage costs. Yet low paid workers are being punished by the government for this state of affairs.
It’s not so long ago that we had a strong trade union movement that used collective bargaining as a method of improving wages and working conditions. But the free market ideologues don’t like trade unions, or welfare provision. They like a neat, tidy and very small, limited interventionist state. Or so they claim.
The paradox, of course, is that in order to reduce supportive provisions, and dismantle the welfare state in order to fulfil the terms and conditions of neoliberalism, the government has to implement strategies that ensure citizen compliance. Many of those strategies are increasingly authoritarian, rather than “non interventionist”, in nature.
It’s not the welfare state, but the state of welfare that is the pressing problem
Private companies have become more firmly embedded in the core concerns of all departments of government in designing and delivering on public and social policies, and policies have become increasingly detached from public need, and more directed at meeting private interests, largely involving making huge and private profits. The Conservatives don’t seem to consider that rogue private businesses like G4S, Atos, Maximus, A4E, and so on, are extensions of the state, fulfilling what are, after all, state-determined functions.
Of course this creates an imbalance between the role of the welfare state in aiding private capital and its role in maintaining and supporting labor, and fulfilling the basic needs of citizens. Corporate welfare underpins neoliberal economies, and it costs the public far more than reduced public provisions promises to save.
In January 2016, the National Audit Office (NAO) published its evaluation of the DWP’s health and disability assessment contracts. It said the cost of each Work Capability Assessment (WCA) had risen from £115 under Atos to £190 under Maximus. The report also states that only half of all the doctors and nurses hired by Maximus – the US outsourcing company brought in by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to carry out the assessments – had even completed their training.
The NAO report summarised:
5.5
Million assessments completed in five years up to March 2015
65%
Estimated increase in cost per Employment and Support Allowance  Personal Independence Payment (PIP) targets met for assessment report quality meeting contractual standard (September 2014 to August 2015).
Before 2010, cuts to disability support were unthinkable. Now the Treasury regards our provision as their pocket money for tax cuts for the very wealthy, and other private companies involved in the delivery of welfare programmes are serving the needs of a “small state” doctrinaire neoliberal government, and making a massive profit in doing so. It would cost much less to simply pay people the support they were once simply entitled to. However, the Conservatives are systematically dismantling the UK’s social security system, not because there is an empirically justifiable reason or economic need to do so, but because the government has purely ideological, anticollectivist prescriptions.
As well as the heavy cost of each assessment to the public purse, there is also the considerable cost of many tribunals, because of the many “wrong decisions”on the part of the Department for Work and Pensions. That’s despite the fact that the government introduced another layer of bureacracy in the form of “mandatory review” in order to deter appeals. People going through mandatory review for a decision to stop their ESA cannot claim ESA again until after mandatory review (if you need to appeal, you can claim ESA once you have the review decision), and so are forced to either try and claim Universal Credit, going 6 weeks at least without any support, or to wait out the Review outcome, which has no set time limit, but usually takes at least 6 weeks for the decision about the original decision. Which is usually the same decision as the original decision, due to outrageous targets that were revealed in the department’s response to a Freedom of Information request, that stated staff conducting mandatory reconsideration reviews were held to a “key performance indicator” that said “80 per cent of the original decisions are to be upheld”. traditional prejudices are costing the UK billions of pounds.
The Tories are all about ideology and not facts. As two authors astutely noted recently, the government seems to be driven by an idea that creating the conditions of purgatory for those they consider “undeserving” will somehow cleanse, redeem and purify people into not being so sinfully poor. So it’s not actually “welfare” any more, but rather, it’s a “correctional” institution, for coercing citizens into conformity, compliance and a class contingent meekness, with a liberal dash of the protestant work ethic in with the catholic inquisition flavoured ingredients in the mix. Yes, the nasty authoritarian Conservatives really do think like this.
Disability support is virtually impossible to access for many people that doctors consider severely disabled, and involves a measured and ritualised humiliation. The assessments are solely designed to look for “discrepancies” in people’s accounts of how their illness/disability impacts on your day to day living. In other words, it is aimed at looking for reasons, no matter how flimsy, to ensure that welfare support for disabled and ill people is pretty much unobtainable.
Those questions you are asked by the (inappropriately named) Health Care Professional (HCP) that seem like innocent conversation, such as “Do you watch TV? Do you like the Soaps?” translate onto a report that says “Can sit unaided for at least half an hour”. “Do you have a pet?”becomes “Can bend to feed cat/dog.” “Do you use the internet at all?” becomes “No evidence of focus or cognitive difficulties, adequate hand dexterity.”
If you wear any jewellry, that may be noted and used as evidence that you have dexterity in your hands, even if you have severe arthritis and can’t fasten your buttons or a zip, you won’t be asked if you ever remove your locket/ring/earrings. It will be assumed that you do. It’s a kind of opportunism of neglect and assumption used by HCPs to justify refusing some elements of PIP, or all of your claim. Or it’s the difference between being placed in the ESA Support Group, being placed in the WRAG on the lower award, or simply being refused an award altogether, and told you are “fit for work”.
If you are unfortunate enough to need a referral to a food bank, and you actually manage to get to the appointment, because you are desperate, that may also be used as evidence that you can walk further than 200 or 500 metres, even if you can’t, and managed to get a lift there and back.
Challenging such ridiculous assumptions wears you down. It creates distress when someone acting as a gatekeeper to the support you need dismisses your medical reports and account with such disdain, just stopping short of calling you a liar. Challenging the reasons provided for the DWP refusing you a PIP or ESA award is tedious, very stressful and time consuming and tiring. I’m sure that if you manage to do so successfully, even the fact that you managed to collate evidence, ask you doctor for supportive evidence and so forth may be used as evidence that you can function too well to warrant any support. If you demonstrate any ingenuity in coping with your condition, you’ve basically had it.
Once upon a time, support for disabled people was designed to help us remain independent, and to enable us to participate in society. PIP is non means-tested and people can claim it (allegedly) whilst in work.
However, I worked for social services until I became too ill to work. I loved my job, and my salary was very good, too. It was a terribly dehumanising experience to have to face the fact I was no longer well enough and fit for my post. 7 years later, at my PIP assessment, it was decided that my previous job “proved” that I don’t currently have “any cognitive problems.”
That’s despite the assessor acknowledging in the report I now even need an aid to remember to take my treatments and medications, and that during the appointment, I had to be reminded several times what I’d been asked, as I kept forgetting what I was supposed to be answering. I have systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and cognitive dysfunction is very commonly experienced symptom of this illness.
People have even been refused PIP at appeal because they “spend too much time on Facebook.” Too much for what, exactly? Last time I checked, there were no laws in place that meant sick and disabled citizens were prohibited from using social media. Since when did it become acceptable for government officials to endorse and promote the social exclusion of disabled people online?
But apparently, contradictions and paradoxes are allowed if you happen to be the assessing HCP. The report said that I was “thin” abut “adequately nourished”. She didn’t check my vitamin and mineral levels at all. Nor did she ask me about what I ate and how often. She just said that the aids I have were “adequate” (a perch stool, easy to use tin opener and specially designed easy to use cutlery, which are not especially designed for disabled people, but are easier for me to use because of the handle design and the steak knives instead of standard ones.)
What’s the point of welfare “support” if so few people are able to access it, despite their obvious need? people, to live independently, to meet their basic needs, to seek and stay in work, and to be able to live an ordinary life as citizens.
The UN report documented multiple violations of disabled people’s rights, including the way that they are politically portrayed as being lazy and a “burden on taxpayers”, the harm to health caused by unfair assessments, the cuts to legal aid and curtailed access to justice, the imposition of the bedroom tax and the ending of the Independent Living Fund.
I wrote a lengthy article about the unsurprising but nonetheless disquieting report findings and recommendations, as I read throughit at the time, here.
The government have of course indignantly refused to accept the findings of the UN, or accept the accounts of individuals and campaigners like me, disability groups and charities, and other organisations. That’s because the government prefer to cling relentlessly to free market dogma and their traditional prejudices rather than face empirical evidence, facts and truths.
The days of genuine support, to ensure disabled people can maintain dignity and independence, and to be socially, economically, politically and culturally included, are gone. PIP and ESA focus exclusively on what you can’t do: on “functionality”. If you walk your dog or take a holiday, this is taken to somehow indicate that you are not ill or disabled enough to need support. In fact the media turns you into some kind of nasty folk devil and state parasite for trying to live as normal life as possible. If the government and media had their way, we would be trapped indoors in abject misery, or institutionalised.
How dare we try to live an ordinary life.
The government have formulated draconian policies aimed particularly at disabled people. And unemployed people, low paid people, and young people. And migrants. And old people who, like many disabled people, have paid in contributions towards a welfare system, should they need it, but now they also have to work until they drop.
Hey, and you thought governments are elected to meet public needs and spend our money wisely? No, apparently we’re here to serve government needs, to behave exactly as the Conservatives think we should.
Welfare as a deterrent to… well, welfare.
And social security has been redesigned to punish those citizens who have the misfortune to find themselves in poverty.<<
24 thoughts on “Our social security has been redesigned. It’s now a welfare deterrent”
Reblogged this on BertieS.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Reblogged this on Declaration Of Opinion.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Reblogged this on disabledsingleparent.
Tweeted @melissacade68
LikeLiked by 1 person
We need to start talking about the fact they’re privatising Social Security the way the have with the NHS Capita, Concentrix, Serco, ATOS (Who rebranded to get the PIP contract) Maximus, G4S all have been buying up NHS and Welfare contracts some since 2011 – All of these companies have global insurance arms and are no doubt neck deep in the so called trade deals TTIP NAFTA CETA and the rest. Meaning they are being placed ready for them to take over. Fracking companies are already suing if they are denied the right to Frack. Government are pursuing these ‘trade deals’ selling our sovereignty to the highest bidder whose only interest is profit.
Universal Credit has consultant’s fingerprints all over it. Especially when you hear a job coach describing a job search function as ‘your new best friend.’ That’s classic consultantspeak crap.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Totally agree, and the government have also imported inane managementspeak too. Psychobabble.
Reblogged this on sdbast.
Excellent article, thank you. Should be given the widest exposure. However, I take issue with this statement: “the government prefer to cling to free market dogma and their traditional prejudices rather than face empirical evidence, facts and truths.” The ‘free market dogma’ and ‘traditional prejudices’ are actually pure propaganda by the Tories. They know damn well what are the facts and truths of the effects of their policies, but in fact just want to get rid of ‘unnecessary eaters’. They have no desire to help people to live ordinary lives, because we are unproductive and therefore have no value.
LikeLiked by 2 people
The comment basically means that: dogma is not “truth”. It’s an ideologically driven government, making policy that isn’t evidence-based, nor does it reflect facts: it’s a reflecton of Tory prejudices.
LikeLiked by 4 people
Is Jeremy Corbyn going to scrap Universal Credit? He would have the biggest majority in history if he was to vow to do this? There is a petition going… please support it…
LikeLiked by 1 person
The Labour Opposition debate next week is on UC. They have enough rebels in the Tories and DUP to win it. The vote is not binding, but puts the govt on notice that the HoC will is that UC should be stopped. Some of the Tories just want it paused while many other want it scrapped. What happens after the vote will be interesting, and hopefully will at least pause the roll out until the absolute cruelty of the system is exposed. What the govt chose to do after that….well….. ?
LikeLiked by 2 people
They really should call a general election….
LikeLiked by 1 person
Universal Credit is a universal disgrace and universal failure and has left me personally £4000 out of pocket. The DWP is out of touch, it is not fit for purpose for the jobs market of today and tomorrow, even its own job centres are being closed usually because the leases are up for renewal and much of the work is being done on-line by the claimants.
LikeLiked by 2 people
Reblogged this on Worldtruth.
Reblogged this on The Night Owl and commented:
Everything
LikeLiked by 3 people
No one deserves to be poor you say. While in general I agree, I can think of a few people who a spell on the breadline would do a world of good … we might start with the Tory cabinet …
The difference being that a spell in poverty doesn’t quite relay the unrelenting nature of poverty, and it’s accumulative and grinding effects over time, when you can simply return to your mansion and millions after a brief spell of PR “slumming it”.
LikeLiked by 2 people
Yes indeed, it’s the cumulative grinding down effect that slowly erodes all self-worth making it ever more difficult to escape the situation without help and support. But if no one deserves poverty, certainly no one deserves obscene wealth either, even if they claim they ‘worked’ for it.
LikeLiked by 1 person
It’s usually others who have worked for it.
In 2013, the benefits system underwent some ‘secret’ changes, they changed the housing benefit rules so that if you are living with a friend, family or in a non-commercial arrangement, they can stop or exclude you from this benefit.
The ‘system’ is now a nasty and sanction based system, I saw this in 2016, the DWP seems to be its own rule maker, I tried to pursue a Freedom of information act to get information made by A ‘Decision Maker’ in respect of an appeal against a DWP decision.
My request was rejected on a very flimsy ‘sensitivity’ excuse, I pointed out that my claim had closed 6 months ago, yet they still blocked me unlawfully from seeing the information, which is contrary to the Data Protection act. More so because I have security clearance and worked with national security level information in the Police service, but this cut no ice with the arrogant DWP.
We need a basic income system, it will address many things that the failing DWP is still allowing to happen, Universal Credit is a disaster, I pointed this out to the DWP, their own report on Universal Credit is very critical and last week, this is now being brought to light.
We need to sweep away the nasty benefits system and replace it with a one payment benefit applied over categories 16+, disabled, unemployed, retired – only ceasing on death. This will get rid of the £389 million a year that the DWP costs to operate and replace it with a cost effective, cheaper to run situation.
The world of work has changed since 2009 markedly, it will change out of all proportion in 20 years.
LikeLiked by 1 personGet $10 OFF a new subscription + Free bottle of wine ($26 value)+ Free Shipping on Vine Oh! Fall 2019 Oh! For Me! Box order! Use coupon code LoveWineYay. Offer expires 9/22 9/22/19 or while supplies last. Redeemable online at vineoh.com. Nontransferable. Not valid in conjunction with any other offer. […]
President Obama’s speech to the NAACP was equal parts encouragement and tough love. I found this passage to be refreshing, in that it broadens the reality of discrimination and thus implies common cause:
 be honest, the “their God” part grates on my ear a bit, but I wholly applaud the sentiment. But Obama spent a lot longer talking about what Government can’t do for peole who are discriminated against, especially the black community. From the speech,
“Government programs alone won’t get our children to the Promised Land. We need a new mind set, a new set of attitudes — because one of the most durable and destructive legacies of discrimination is the way we’ve internalized a sense of limitation; how so many in our community have come to expect so little from the world and from.
[…] To parents — to parents, we can’t tell our kids to do well in school and then fail to support them when they get home. (Applause.) You can’t just contract out parenting. For our kids to excel, we have to accept our responsibility to help them learn. That means putting away the Xbox — (applause) — putting our kids to bed at a reasonable hour. (Applause.) It means attending those parent-teacher conferences and reading to our children and helping them with their homework. (Applause.)
[…] It also means pushing our children to set their sights a little bit higher. They might think they’ve got a pretty good jump shot or a pretty good flow, but our kids can’t all aspire to be LeBron or Lil Wayne. (Applause.) I want them aspiring to be scientists and engineers — (applause) — doctors and teachers — (applause) — not just ballers and rappers. I want them aspiring to be a Supreme Court Justice. (Applause.) I want them aspiring to be the President of the United States of America. (Applause.)
I want their horizons to be limitless. I don’t — don’t tell them they can’t do something. Don’t feed our children with a sense of — that somehow because of their race that they cannot achieve.
Yes, government must be a force for opportunity. Yes, government must be a force for equality. But ultimately, if we are to be true to our past, then we also have to seize our own future, each and every day.
And that of our children, all God’s children, deserve a fair chance in the race of life. (Applause.)
This is the same message that leaders like Bill Cosby have been preaching for years, but coming from Obama, living embodiment of what is possible, the message has much more weight. I think that the failure of leaders like Al Sharpton or Rev Jesse Jackson to articulate such a basic message of self-reliance with such clarity, and to undermine it with their habitual appeal to victimization status, has set the African American community back decades, and indirectly contributed to the losses of generations of black youth to violence and crime, all because they did not have a reason to dream. The symbolic importance of Barack Obama saying these words, now, cannot be overestimated.
Incidentally, Obama’s speech demonstrates that to woo the black vote, you only have to engage in meaningful dialogue with the black community. Obama wasn’t there to tell black voters what they want to hear, in fact he was preaching a fundamentally conservative message to the assembled. Contrast this with the essentially meaningless, pointless outreach strategy of the Republican Party, with hapless Michael Steele at the helm.
Full transcript of Obama’s speech is available at the White House site. Also, here is the complete video of Obama’s speech:
Related: I still dream of Bill Cosby as the head of the NAACP.CASA BIANCA APARTMENT
Casa Bianca sits between the mountains and the Adriatic coast, in the marvellous unspoilt Italian countryside of Abruzzo, nestling amongst the rolling hills, vineyards and olive groves that make up this charming, and largely undiscovered, region of central Italy. Situated amid a traditional farming community, between the villages of Elice and Castilenti, the self-contained apartment is ideally positioned in the heart of Abruzzo. Local shops, bars, restaurants and health farm are within walking distance. The charming medieval hill towns of Penne, Atri and Loreto Aprutino are less than 20 minutes away.
Secluded location, within easy walking distance of the village
Large and comfortable family bedroom.
Front view of Casa Bianca.
The recently modernised, self-contained ground floor apartment at Casa Bianca can sleep up to five people, and comprises:
- A spacious lounge
- Well-equipped kitchen/dining room
- Family bedroom (sleeps 3)
- Second bedroom (sleeps 2)
- Bathroom
- An office area containing a wide range of local tourist information, maps & restaurant recommendations.
An expansive private courtyard area, surrounded by trees, is perfect for relaxing and sunbathing, and doors from the kitchen lead to an attractive patio for outside dining.
The property is surrounded by 2 acre grounds. The D.O.C. vineyard has 500 Montepulciano (red) and 30 Trebbiano (white) vines, and an adjoining olive grove contains 100 trees. Two fruit orchards provide a wide selection of fruit, including apricots, loquat and pomegranates, as well as a large vegetable garden, meaning that there is always fresh produce, freely available to our guests.
Spacious lounge, perfect for relaxing in after a day out.
Enjoy a leisurely lunch in the secluded courtyard.
Well-equipped kitchen, with doors to patio.
Accommodation details
Patio area, ideal for al fresco dining.
Cozy twin bedroom.
Autumnal colours of the vineyards, seen from our courtyard.
Availability and Pricing
Pricing per week is shown below in pounds sterling (GBP) - to get a quotation for longer or shorter durations, please use the Booking Form.
Nightly tarriff also available.
Discounts for longer stay bookings:
- £35 DISCOUNT when 2 weeks are booked,
- £70 DISCOUNT when 3 weeks are booked,
- £105 DISCOUNT when 4 weeks are booked.
Prefered method of payment - bank trasfer, or credit card with paypal.
Enquiries and Booking
To check latest availability, or to make a booking, please contact us with your proposed dates:
Availability
Current Availability is shown in the calendar below:22nd March 2021
EHTTA’s President, Mr Baltar today sent a video message to mark World Water Day – one of the days when EHTTA Members celebrate the sources of water at the heart of each of their towns.
As Mr Baltar explained, “The theme for this year’s United Nations World Water Day is “Valuing Water”, and for us this is perfect! All the members of our Association, our Cultural Route, are built around water sources. Our towns all exist because people in the past valued the water enough to build beautiful structures around thermal springs, and find ways to share the healing water with people near and far. We have always found ways for people to “take the waters” so that they can improve their wellbeing and benefit from this unique source of health. Our thermal waters, are a “stream of history from the past to the future”, and we value that connection.”
EHTTA is celebrating World Water Day this year, and taking up the question posted by the UN in their #Water2Me campaign by finding out what people think and feel about thermal water in the places where they live, or like to visit. We want to know what thermal towns were like in the past, what they are like now and how people would like them to be in the future.
Mr Baltar said “For me, the thermal waters of my town and region represent hope for the future. Hope that we can help to heal the troubles of the last year with our thermal waters, that people can find the space in our towns to relax, recover, recharge their batteries and reconnect with springs that have been a source of wellbeing for so long.”
To take part in the What’spa Survey in your language please find click here.
For further information please contact:
Simone Zagrodnik, EHTTA Executive Director: simone.zagrodnik@ehtta.eu
Catherine Lloyd, Communications, Projects, Support communications@ehtta.euI was asked if there were any Black Owned Spas in New Orleans. Yes, not only is there a Black Owned Spa, it’s the FIRST Organic Spa in New Orleans. Nola Organic Spa is a full service day spa located in Mid City. Services offered include manicures, pedicures, facials, massages, waxing and yoni steaming.
As soon as I entered, I felt an overwhelming sense of calm. I felt safe. Words can’t really explain it, but I knew that my sista Tedra was going to take care of me. I was finally going to get my custom massage…this was a year overdue y’all!
We talked about why she started. Tedra was a police officer who took a leap of faith 3 years ago and followed her passion. I asked her about the message that she wanted to send to the Black Community and it was simple. “It’s OK to be heathy and go against the grain.” Tedra wants to encourage us to not shy away from Organic and Vegan products.
We both agree that Self Care is very important and it isn’t just about massages and pedicures. It’s about taking care of our bodies. Nola Organic Spa carries herbs and vegan products. I spotted some foot soak and picked up some Rose Oil!
My massage was excellent…I wasn’t surprised as I’ve heard nothing but great reviews about her!
“I went there twice and I always feel different. I need to go back!“
“They are AWESOME!”
Bous here’s 5 things that you need to know about Nola Organic Spa!
- Named in the 50 Best Day Spas in Travel Noire
- First Organic Spa in New Orleans
- Open on Sundays!
- Spa Memberships start at $59.99
- Couples Massage Classes are perfect for date night
Visit and book your next spa appointment!
Now when is the Bougie Spa Party?
xoxo
NBProfessional golfer Son Sae-eun, the younger sister of singer/actress Son Na-eun, appeared on the “Golvengers.”
In tvN’s new entertainment show “Golvengers,” which aired on November 14, Ji-hee, Cho Se-ho, and Koo Bon-gil decided to get help from coaches and wild card players to challenge the game against professional players. As a coach, golf master Ko Deok-ho, who was the coach of Bae Sang-moon, Seo Hee-kyung, and Maeng Dong-seop, appeared, making the members excited.
In addition, professional golfer Son Sae-eun appeared as a wild card. Son Sae-eun is Son Na-eun‘s biological sister. Her face and voice are the same as her sister, drawing surprise. She is already well known as a rising golf star for her beautiful appearance and skills.
Son Sae-eun said, “I tend to practice golf desperately. I tend to force myself to do it until I succeed, which is why I have high accuracy because I have a lot of practice,” showing her passion for golf.
Meanwhile, “Goalvengers” is a high-quality golf entertainment that amateur players challenge through “confrontation” with the strongest professional players.Greetings readers – it’s Juliet, reporting back in for blogging duty. Back in the early days of Rotten Ink, 2013 to be exact, Matt asked his friends what franchises they thought should have been made into comics. Interestingly several of my picks have become comics since then with one franchise in particular enjoying a reboot and subsequent relaunch into popular culture. That franchise is She-Ra, and today we’ll be taking a look at both the classic Princess of Power and the modern Princesses of Power series including a modern comic for younger readers. So saddle up your flying horse, grab the Sword of Protection and let’s head to Etheria for the honor of Greyskull!
In 1985, Filmation launched a spinoff to it’s animated series He-Man and the Masters of the Universe. Geared at young women, She-Ra: Princess of Power followed Princess Adora, the twin sister of Prince Adam (aka He-Man), who was kidnapped by Hordak at birth and was taken to Etheria where she served as Force Captain of the Horde. After being saved by He-Man and reunited with her family, Adora then chooses to return to Etheria as a freedom fighter in the rebellion, taking up the Sword of Protection and the mantle of She-Ra.
She-Ra: Princess of Power introduced many supporting characters, some of whom were created by Filmation and others by Mattel, presumably so they could add toys and other merchandise featuring the new characters. The series made its debut on TV in 1985, and the five episode introduction was packed as the film He-Man and She-Ra: The Secret of the Sword. She-Ra: Princess of Power would run for two seasons and a total of 93 episodes.
The original She-Ra series is one of those cartoons that’s just always existed for me. I was so young when it debuted, that I can’t actually remember the first time I saw the show, rather, it was ever-present throughout my childhood. Even after it went off the air, I had a VHS copy of He-Man & She-Ra: A Christmas Special taped off TV that I’d regularly watch. I loved the characters, but moreover, I loved the idea of the characters and their world. These were the types of characters that I’d make my own stories about while daydreaming (hello, future fanfiction and original fiction writer). Like many cartoons of its era, it faded away for a while but saw a huge resurgence of interest with the rise of nostalgic pop culture in the late 90s/early 00s. And of course, the release of the show on DVD helped fuel that fire. I have the DVDs, and it’s been fun getting reacquainted with the series, especially getting the watch the entire run in order, something I didn’t get to do as a child.
In 2018, a new version of She-Ra debuted on Netflix. She-Ra and the Princesses of Power was developed by Noelle Stevenson, already well known for her Nimona and Lumberjanes comic series. It focused on a teenaged Adora’s journey of love and friendship from being a Horde force captain to taking on the mantle of She-Ra, the savior of Etheria. This series ran a total of five seasons on Netflix to wide acclaim for both its storytelling and its inclusive characters and relationships.
I had heard good things about She-Ra and the Princess of Power since its launch, but being notoriously late to the game on Netflix shows, it took me until the fifth and final season was released to start my watch. In all honesty, however, my timing couldn’t have been better. I watched the entire run of the show in the early days of the coronavirus pandemic and was fairly awestruck. It was amazing to see beloved, albeit sometimes one dimensional characters from the original series reborn with intentional stories and personalities all their own in bodies and with identities that reflect the varied and awesome realities of our world with a fantasy backdrop. And then there’s the storytelling. I have such appreciation for shows that are geared towards younger folks that don’t shy from complex stories and don’t pander to their intended audience. Watching She-Ra and the Princesses of Power, I was moved to tears on more than one occasion and could imagine my younger self feeling all of the feelings when watching it.
One thing that really surprised me going from She-Ra: Princess of Power to She-Ra and the Princesses of Power was which characters became my favorite from each show. In the original show, I was a huge fan of Adora/She-Ra but also loved the looks of Peekablue and Frosta. In She-Ra and the Princesses of Power, I totally adored Mermista and, mostly surprisingly of all, became a diehard fan of Scorpia. Both of those characters grow so much through the series, and with Scorpia, you just want her to win and find happiness.
Before we go on, I have to talk for a moment about music. Both She-Ra series have memorable theme songs. The original 80s theme is a riff on the He-Man and the Masters of the Universe theme with a voiceover from titular hero and a chorus of their name, though I find the She-Ra theme to be much catchier. The theme for She-Ra and the Princesses of Power, however, takes catchy to a whole new level with the song “Warriors” performed by Aaliyah Rose. It’s such a great anthem that’s guaranteed to get stuck in your head.
In addition to the original run of Mattel figures and their accompanying playsets upon which the show was launched, the 80s version of She-Ra had plenty of merchandise both then and now including t-shirts, coffee mugs and cups, sticker and coloring books, board games, backpacks and Funko Pops. Starting in the 2000s, Mattel began to cash in on toy collectors’ nostalgia with several series of reissued He-Man and She-Ra figure sets, beginning with Masters of the Universe Classics. This first series ran from 2008 until 2016 and featured She-Ra characters scattered among those from He-Man throughout the line. These were good looking collectors’ figures that were based on the original Masters of the Universe sculpts rather than the original She-Ra figures (so they were bulkier and all plastic with sculpted hair). My own collection includes both Adora and She-Ra as well as Teela from Masters of the Universe. There have been several additional reissue series in the same vein of Masters of the Universe Classics over the years with a new one that just started (the She-Ra from that series was released in February, 2021) and a line of ReAction figures. Like its predecessor, She-Ra and the Princesses of Power also has its share of cool merchandise including t-shirts, enamel pins, stickers, a line of books and graphic novels aimed at younger readers, and an awesome line of Target exclusive figures.
I had many of the original She-Ra figures growing up including She-Ra and a Crystal Swiftwind. I remember always wanting the Crystal Castle playset, but alas, never actually had it (though my extensive Jem and the Holograms collection more than made up for that), but I do still have my childhood She-Ra coloring book. I haven’t gotten any merchandise from the new show yet – save for the topic of our review, but I blame that on having watched it entirely during the pandemic and having not set foot in a Hot Topic in over a year as of this posting.
So let’s talk about what we’re going to review today — in 2019, Scholastic (who you may know from your childhood book fairs) released a chapter book designed for grades 1-5 called She-Ra: Origins of a Hero. Written by Tracey West, this book kicked off an unconnected series of books for the same age group that took place in the world of the Netflix show. The fourth book, released in early 2020, however was a graphic novel called She-Ra: Legend of the Fire Princess. It was written by D.G. Gigi and illustrated by Pauline Ganucheau with input from Noelle Stevenson. That graphic novel, which was a gift from Matt, is the subject of today’s review. As a reminder, here on Rotten Ink, we grade these comics on a star scale of 1 to 4 and are looking for how well the comics stay to the source material, its entertainment value and its art and story. So get ready for an adventure of friendship and wonder as we look at She-Ra: Legend of the Fire Princess
She-Ra: Legend of the Fire Princess ****
Released in 2020 Cover Price $12.99 Scholastic #1 of 1
The Spirit Ember is the hot topic of the day as both the Horde and the Rebellion are seeking this lost rune stone. As Entrapta and Catra plan their search, Glimmer tells the other princess of the legend of the Fire Princess, whose years of solitude trying to master the secrets of the Spirit Ember ended up destroying her kingdom. Adora is disturbed by the legend, but soon her attention shifts as a Horde vehicle is reported outside Thaymor. Queen Angela sends Adora, Glimmer and the others to investigate and permits them to search for the Spirit Ember. Meanwhile, Catra and Scorpia are on their own search, but are decidedly not on the same page about their objectives for the day. As both teams race toward the Spirit Ember, it becomes clear that everything is not as it seems with the lost runestone and each team will have to not only decide if the rune stone is worth it, but also confront issues of trust and friendship along the way.
Comics based on cartoons (as opposed to cartoons based on comics) can really go either way: they can provide fans with additional stories that are faithful to the shows they love or they can utterly pale in comparison with the source material. Lucky for us, She-Ra: Legend of the Fire Princess is the former. Just like the show, while this graphic novel is aimed at a younger audience, it’s a great read for fans of any age. The story of a quest for a lost rune-stone would fit perfectly in the middle seasons of the show and, like all of the episodes, manages to balance the “quest of the day” with the larger things the characters are dealing with emotionally and interpersonally. You can tell Noelle Stevenson had a hand in this because the tone is just right. Gigi D.G.’s script is well-paced and gives each character time to shine, and Paulina Ganucheau’s art, which you can see below, fits perfectly with the style of the show. Given that it is aimed at young readers, this will be a quick read for most, but it still manages to pack in a lot of story and a lot of heart. If you’re a fan of the show and are craving more She-Ra content after the final season, definitely check this one out.
What a fun trip down the nearer and further stretches of memory lane. When I proposed a She-Ra comic back in 2013, I had hoped that it would provide context and depth to the 80s characters. Never could I have imagined a show as amazing as She-Ra and the Princesses of Power, and I’m so happy we have it. For our next update, I’ll be handing the blog back to Matt, but we’ll stay in the world of nostalgia as we visit the 90s for a look at Malibu’s Prototype. In the meantime, support your local comic shop, be strong and be brave.I’ve made a few points about the latest “controversy” surrounding Peyton Manning but wanted to expand on some of them, not because I’m interested in tearing anybody down, but because we need to give ourselves some perspective about what happens when we put celebrities on a pedestal for whatever the reason may be.
As we know, the “hot topic” following Super Bowl 50 seemed to be mostly about the way Cam Newton conducted himself at the post-game presser. Newton, of course, has been the subject of multiple discussions for his bravado on the field, quotes about how he has approached his career and, in some cases, his off-field conduct. There are people who don’t like his celebrations, others who don’t want to hear him talk about the challenges a black quarterback may face, and still others don’t believe you should have a child out of wedlock as he does.
And then there’s the other QB who started in the Super Bowl: Peyton Manning. Ever since he arrived in the NFL, he’s been promoted by a lot of people as being this All-American good old boy who represents everything that’s right with this country and a role model for all to follow. This image wasn’t crafted by Manning or his family; it was largely created by sports media and fans who put him on a pedestal.
So take a quarterback who seems to be fodder for hot takes every time you turn around, and a quarterback who gets deified more than he gets criticized, and it’s no surprise that, when the two are on opposite sides of a Super Bowl matchup, they get compared to one another.
Which brings me to the recent article Shaun King wrote about a lawsuit Peyton Manning faced back in 2003, stemming from a book Peyton and Archie Manning wrote, in which athletic trainer Jamie Naughright claimed defamation from remarks written in the book, as they pertained to an incident that took place in 1996 when Peyton played for the University of Tennessee and Naughright was a trainer for the university.
I imagine most of you are familiar with the details, but I imagine some of you wondering why a lawsuit that was filed 13 years ago became news again. First, it’s important to note that there is a lawsuit filed by six unnamed plantiffs against the University of Tennessee claiming Tilte IX violations, which references the alleged 1996 incident involving Peyton (though Peyton is not named as a defendant in the suit). Because that lawsuit was filed, the talk about Peyton was going to emerge anyway, whether or not King wrote anything.
So why would King write this? I am familiar enough with his writing that he takes a strong interest in increasing awareness about racism and issues facing blacks. Add to this the fact that, when a letter writer to the Charlotte News Observer criticized Newton for having a child out of wedlock, people who responded to it pointed out that Tom Brady had a child out of wedlock, too. Thus, it’s not hard to figure that, when Newton gets criticized for something that happened at the Super Bowl, that someone might believe the opposing quarterback should be criticized for something as well.
And when you consider that opposing quarterback gets worshipped by many, it only adds to the urge to tear that quarterback down.
This is not to say that Peyton Manning should be given a free pass for whatever happened in that 1996 incident, any more than Cam Newton should be given a free pass for walking out of his Super Bowl presser. But it’s important to put everything into context and, most of all, to remind ourselves that things like this are the reason we must be careful about putting popular athletes on a pedestal.
Touching upon Newton, the setup for postgame pressers put both teams in the same area, to the point that Panthers players might hear what Broncos players were saying and vice versa. Broncos players, of course, would be exuberant while Panthers players might be subdued. That’s exactly what happened with Newton in the latter instance and with Chris Harris in the former, and Harris happened to be in a booth right behind where Newton was.
So take a player on the losing Super Bowl team, a player feeling disappointment, and he can hear an excited player on the winning team talking about things that, while not with the intent to put the losing team down, and some which might be considered true, aren’t things the disappointed player wants to hear at the moment. It should be no surprise the losing player will want to remove himself from the environment.
Those who say that Newton needs to learn to tune it out need to understand that, after athletes lose a championship game, their frame of mind at the moment is wondering what might have been and they’d rather not be reminded constantly about mistakes they made. Thus, it’s best not to have them in the same area as athletes on the winning team, even if the things the winners are saying are the truth. More importantly, it’s far easier to tune those things out when they are published in written or other form elsewhere, than they are to tune them out when a spoken conversation is within earshot. Just ask yourself if you like to hear people talk about you behind your back when you’re in earshot, even if what is being said is the truth.
In other words, the Newton stuff is getting blown out of proportion, all to feed a narrative about Newton, and a narrative that is designed to draw eyeballs and clicks. You are free to say he shouldn’t have walked out without at least saying, “Sorry, I need to leave,” but there’s no need to rake him over the coals, either, as those who want to feed the narrative may do.
As for Peyton Manning, the context that needs to be realized is this: Those who are involved with college football programs are very protective of them, to the point that they want any form of potential controversy to be swept under the rug. So any sort of accusation thrown at one of their star athletes is one those with the program will want to keep as quiet as possible. Thus, you already have a situation in which a matter like Peyton is accused of isn’t going to be handled the best way.
At the same time, we have to remember that, while what Peyton was accused of doing was juvenile and demeaning, that doesn’t mean he had worse intentions on his mind. When we hear the words “sexual assault,” we think of a worst-case scenario while forgetting there are degrees of seriousness. A person who confesses to shoving his or her crotch into somebody else’s face isn’t going to get a lengthy prison term, like a person who confesses to having unwanted sexual intercourse with another person would. Both incidents are wrong, but one carries more serious consequences than the other because we considered it to be far more damaging.
We also must remember that the documents King discussed are the plaintiff’s side of the lawsuit and the defendant will always file a response. The two filings don’t paint the entire picture by themselves, though. Most lawsuits are complex in nature and the entirety gets revealed through the course of the judicial process. Not everything comes out through the initial filings by both parties. And if they settle out of court, you might never get the entire picture.
In other words, Peyton Manning was accused of something that, if he did it, he shouldn’t have done it, but it’s not as serious as it has been made out to be, and what’s been discussed publicly at first only told a portion of the story, and what else has been discussed since tells more of the story, but not necessarily everything.
Briefly touching upon Shaun King: While I understand there are those who believe he doesn’t have credibility, attacking him isn’t going to solve anything. You are better off attacking his message, in that he seems to be so caught up with trying to disprove the narrative surrounding Newton, that he believes he has to bring Peyton down in order for that to happen. King can certainly discuss the many issues that come into play regarding the Newton narrative and add to context to everything about Newton without even having to bring up Peyton.
Back to my main point, though: In the big picture, we really don’t know everything there is to know about Peyton Manning, Cam Newton or any other athlete or celebrity. Famous people only let us know what they want us to know, and some will let us know more than others. Newton wears his emotions on his sleeve and doesn’t appear shy about saying what’s on his mind. Peyton is more controlled about this, to the point he never wants to talk about a charitable work he did (just about all of them get reported because the recipient of his kindness or somebody who knew about it spread the word).
And while we may like to think of one, the other or even both as a “model citizen,” unless we have a personal connection to them, we really don’t know who they are. Just think about any celebrity in recent times who had a “squeaky clean” image that’s been called into question as certain revelations came to the surface. Or think about those who had, for example, a “prima donna” image, but when you further examined facts about the person (or perhaps met the person and got to know him better), you found out that person wasn’t so bad after all.
Whatever images get presented about any famous athlete are ones that were sometimes crafted by the athlete or those close, but are more often crafted by those who cover them and decide who they like or don’t like. Or they are decided based on whatever carries importance to those who cover them. And the fans of those athletes only add to the positive perceptions that are set forward, while the critics just add to the negative ones, often without any context.
While it’s fine to have certain football players you like more than others, and the same can be true for any other celebrity, we must be careful about placing them on a pedestal, whether it’s to portray them as “the perfect citizen” or somebody to just throw eggs at. Cam Newton and Peyton Manning are human beings and, as such, they are flawed – and I’m not talking about how many fumbles or interceptions they are responsible for. I refer more to whatever stuff happens when the cameras aren’t on them – and they don’t have to be illegal or of a serious matter. They can be a simple character flaw that you could identify about anybody in your everyday life.
We would all be better served if we stopped trying to find “the perfect citizen” and start focusing on recognizing that we all have flaws, and that we work to correct them, difficult as it may be. At the same time, we need to remember that there’s more to the story about who the likes of Newton and Peyton are than as presented in the narrative, no matter how much we may like or dislike either one of them.jginnane Posted June 24, 2014 Report Share Posted June 24, 2014 Two part question today ... 1. Microscope 10x-100x for viewing diamonds: ronk15a just mentioned his stereo microscope, a Gemolite Mark-V, in a thread about finding small inclusions in a stone. (American Optical Corp.) There are 3 used Mark-V scopes on Ebay right now priced at ($830+66s/h), ($500+50s/h), and ($260+40s/h, with active bidding). The last says Bausch & Lomb, so apparently there's been ownership changes of production. GIA currently sells through its subdivision Gem Instruments a stereo microscope "PresentationScope 10x & 30x" (two objectives) with a list price of $795USD. This seems to be the one they provide students as "affordable". Stereo microscopes other than these two models are used throughout industry. Apparently though, these are optimized for stone viewing. What's best? If you were replacing your tools today, would you buy either of the above, or something different? 2: Jewelers' loupe set -- 10X, 30X, ?X? This other category has all the Chinese knockoffs on Ebay, many with LED lights, for $3 or so. It appears the standard objective lenses may be either 18mm or 25mm diameters. Some sets come with different powered lenses in the same twin-housing. A few loupe descriptions mention the "triple-lens", which would be to correct for chromatic and spherical aberrations introduced by using a single glass element. Again ... what's good? What would be best at a budget of $50? At $100? Is it worth it to pay more than that? Or should one opt for clip-on lenses to go on a headband or eyeglass frame? Are Carl Zeiss or Nikon optics worth the premium? Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Side Plate 1 measures 4.5" x 4.5". Side Plate 2 measures 3" x 3".All Plates are approximately 1.5-mm in thickness. "Heavyweight Championship Wrestling Title Belt, Large Globe WWE TNA RO.The fastest way to get to the Aeolian is to reach the airport of Catania. From the airport of Catania with a shuttle in the summer also 8 times a day you reach the port of Milazzo from which with hydrofoils or ship you reach one of the seven islands of the Aeolian archipelago (Vulcano, Lipari, Salina, Panarea, Stromboli, Alicudi or Filicudi). There are taxis that also take you to Milazzo from Trapani or Palermo. Information on the Aeolian Islands can be found on and.
Thousands of photos of the Aeolian Islands:Discover all the facts that no one tells you about Dave Coulier below ↓
1. Bio
Dave Coulier, best known for being a TV Actor, was born in Detroit, Michigan, USA on Monday, September 21, 1959..
Family: He married Jayne Modean in 1990, and the couple had a son named Luc Coulier later that year. In July 2014, he married Melissa Bring. Dave Coulier father’s name is Dave Coulier and mother Arlen Coulier. We will continue to update details on Dave Coulier’s family.
Education: David Alan Coulier attended Notre Dame High School, Harper Woods, MI (1977).
Dating: According to CelebsCouples, Dave Coulier is married Melissa Bring.
Net Worth: Online estimates of Dave Coulier’s net worth vary. It’s easy to predict his income, but it’s much harder to know how much he has spent over the years. CelebsMoney and NetWorthStatus does a good job of breaking most of it down.
2. Dave Coulier’s zodiac sign is Virgo
Dave Coulier 62 years old
The American tv actor has been alive for 22,694 days or 544,655 hours. There were precisely 769 full moons after his birth to this day.
Dave Coulier was born on a Monday. People born on Mondays are motherly, sensitive, adaptive, and kind.
4. On Dave Coulier "Sleep Walk" by Santo & Johnny.. Dave Coulier’s height and weight
We’re currently in process of confirming all details such as Dave Coulier’s height, weight, and other stats. If there is any information missing, we will be updating this page soon. If you any have tips or corrections, please send them our way.
Height
Weight
Misc
6. The Year of the Pig
Dave Cou. Dave Cou
Dave Coulier was born in the middle of Baby Boomers Generation.
9. Dave Coulier’s birthstone is SapphireSapphire was once thought to guard against evil and poisoning. It was believed that a venomous snake would die if placed in a vessel made of sapphire.
10. Dave Cou.Structural integrity of butt fusion welded polyethene pipes
M. J. Troughton
Published
1996
by TWI in Cambridge
.
Written in English
Edition Notes
With the increasing demand of Medium density polyethylene (MDPE) pipes for gas transmission, the safety concern related with welding defects is becoming a serious matter. In this paper, experimental burst tests and finite element analyses were employed to study butt fusion welded MDPE pipe joints with spherical and planar defects of various sizes. Butt-fusion, BF, welding method is used to join the different parts of HDPE pipes. In the case of test specimens taken from un-welded pipe a necking phenomenon before failure appears at different.
The integrity of high density polyethylene (HDPE) piping and fusion joints are a topic of interest to the nuclear industry, regulators, ASME code, and the plastics pipe industry. The ASME Code Case N has been approved and addresses the use of HDPE in safety related applications. This videos demonstrates the butt-fusion welding procedure for polyethylene (PE) pipes. For butt-fusion jointing of Protecta-Line and Secura-Line pipes, it .
Since medium density polyethylene (MDPE) pipes are increasingly used in the gas industry, welding defects are becoming a safety concern. In this study, butt fusion welded MDPE pipe joints with spherical and planar defects of various sizes were studied by experimental tensile tests and finite element analysis. These defects were considered for simulating lack of bonding during the welding. The primary objective of this paper is to depict the mechanical behavior of welded and unwelded high-density polyethylene (HDPE), pipes to provide the designer with reliable desig.
insect man
Fade to black
Hi! for girls 1993.
The Politics of American Government
Konkomba of Northern Ghana
beginners of a monastick life, in Asia, Africa, and Europe.
Make 5 Bible models.
Treating child molesters
Moonshadow of Cherry Mountain
Last apples of late empires
Program evaluation
glory that was Greece
Money orders and travelers checks
Predictability of ice concentration in the high-latitude North Atlantic from statistical analysis of SST and ice concentration data
international activity of European Community credit institutions
Structural integrity of butt fusion welded polyethylene pipes - a review [pdf / MB] Member Report / TWI Industrial Member Report Summary / M J Troughton and G S Booth.. Author: Changyi Yu, Mike Troughton, Amir Khamsehnezhad, Xiang Zhang. Pipe structure - whereas in butt fusion welding the pipes to be joined must have the same wall thickness, with electrofusion a difference in wall thickness can be accommodated.
Electrofusion can also be used to join certain typesof multiple layer pipes, e.g. nylon lined polyethylene pipe for the conveyance of fuel...
Specifying Butt Welding of Polyethylene Pipe Systems June This document provides assistance to those involved in preparing specifications for the butt welding of PE pressure pipe systems. The purpose is to make suggestions which can help in the creation of specifications but is not intended to provide a template for specifications.
This... Integrity Fusion Products is the manufacturer of the IntegriFuse brand of high density polyethylene – HDPE – fittings and equipment which are sold solely through our distribution partners.
We are eager to be your one stop source for HDPE fittings by offering innovative solutions, industry exclusive options, a large product offering, and a. To discuss your requirements or to book a course please telephone Scott Andrews on or email Scott Andrews.
Book your place on the course Now you've found your course, next find a. Fusible PVC ® pipe combines industry accepted PVC plastic with thermal butt-fusion joining technology to provide the water, wastewater, electrical, industrial and telecommunications industries with a fully restrained, monolithic pipe for use with traditional and trenchless installation methods.
Well over 10 million feet of Fusible C ®, Fusible C ® and Fusible PVC ® pipe have. Intelligent Welder Series (IWS) are PLC Based Hydraulic HDPE PIPE JOINTING MACHINE HDPE PIPE WELDING MACHINE BUTT FUSION WELDING. Structural Integrity Research Foundation;.
Electrofusion welding and butt fusion welding are common methods for joining polyethylene pipes used for water and gas distribution. Because of the wide use of these two methods in infrastructure engineering, welded pipe joints and pipe materials should.
Generic Butt Fusion Joining Procedure for Field Joining of Polyethylene Pipe. TR Decker Court, SuiteIrving, TX Phone: Fax: The effect of welding pressure and surface contaminants on butt fusion in a commercial polyethylene gas pipe was studied by measuring the slow crack growth resistance of the joint.
Two weld. Summarises the major national, international and UK industry standards which are used for butt fusion, electrofusion and socket fusion welding of polyethylene pipe. Standards for pipes and fittings, joining procedures, testing and equipment are included. plate under controlled temperature, time and fusion pressure.
Butt fusion welding is one of the simplest and most effective welding methods for polyethylene pipes [1][2] [3], compared with other methods such as friction stir welding [4][5][6], ultrasonic.
This document outlines the procedures for joining polyethylene pipe & fittings by butt fusion. Materials that have been pre-qualified to be joined by this fusion procedure are within the nominal melt index range of to gm/10 minutes (°C/ Kg), or a high load melt flow of 6 to 17 gm/10 minutes (°C/ Kg), and.Verification of butt fusion weld quality in large diameter PE water pipes.
Author(s): Wilson Edinburgh. The &ect of pipe wall thickness and welding parameters on the joint quality of bun fusion welded PElOO water pipes has been investigated using  are three types of heat fusion .Business Development Manager- Premium Wine- London
Specialism Business Development, Commercial, Sales, Spirits, Wine, WSET
Location London
Salary £30-38,000 + bonus, pension and car allowance
Our client is a leading Mediterranean wine business supplying award-winning wines to both the off-trade and on-trade in the UK. As part of an ambitious drive to increase commercial success they require a Business Development Manager to manage current customers, build new relationships and increase sales across premium On Trade accounts in London. We seek proactive and ambitious wine and/or spirits sales professionals to spearhead sales growth and success.
Candidates will demonstrate strong exposure to selling drinks brands in the London On Trade and will be a KAM, BDM, BDE or equivalent currently. You will currently negotiate directly with buying, develop your territory strategy.The Country Doctor
What memories this name calls to the minds of our elders, those who experienced a lifetime before hospital and medical insurance. In those days patients had to pay for medical and hospital care. Our seniors can still see their country doctor on snowshoes, in a sleigh or car, going to the furthest concessions, come rain come shine, where one being was born and where another was threatened in its existence.
All of rural Canada had their country doctor. Current research suggests that Dr. Pinquet was the first doctor in Madawaska. His letters to his friend Caroline show that when posted at Fort Ingal (Cabano, Quebec) from 1839 to 1840, he had treated patients in Madawaska, and subsequently had settled there. In a letter dated February 19, 1846 and addressed to the Bishop of Quebec, the pastor of Saint Basile, Monsignor Antoine Langevin, says: “You ask me news of Dr. Pinquet; he is a nice boy, I see him from time to time around, but the truth must be told, he does not like his profession, he loves hunting, fishing, socializing and neglects the sick ... ”.
The country doctors known by our seniors were more professional. The census of 1861 lists two names of doctors in Madawaska (then Victoria): Dr. George Currier in Grand Falls, and Dr. Florent Fournier, in Edmundston, who probably succeeded Dr.Pinquet. Born in 1824 in the part of Madawaska that would be given to the United States in 1842, Florent Fournier began his medical studies at Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine. Dr. Fournier practiced his profession in both in the U.S. and Canadian parts of Madawaska during the latter half of the nineteenth century. The recognition of his status as a doctor was assured in 1882 in the Medical Act of New Brunswick. Dr. Fournier’s reputation, the first country doctor from Madawaska was conveyed to us by witnesses of his dedication.
The last real country doctor in the area was probably Dr. Honoré Cyr, from Saint Basile. The artist Claude Picard chose him as a model for this painting because he personally saw him at work. Dr. Cyr arrived in Madawaska in the 1920s, and became the doctor of the poor, continuing until the 1960s to treat patients in their homes; in addition to this job he was anaesthetist at the hospital. We must also make note of his political involvement for the “reds” (the Liberals).
Madawaska’s last professional country doctor, Dr. Cyr died in January, 1987 at the age of 97.
1989/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/60299671/993830902.jpg.0.jpg)
It’s Game 2 of the 2018 Las Vegas Summer League for both the Hornets and Heat. Charlotte is coming off a one point victory over the Thunder, while Miami hopes to bounce back from a blowout loss to the Pelicans yesterday.
As we all know, Charlotte will be without Malik Monk. As of now, it’s unknown who will start in his place, but my money is on two-way player J.P. Macura.
So with that said, the projected starters:
- Devonte Graham’
- J.P. Macura
- Dwayne Bacon
- Miles Bridges
- Willy Hernangomez
Monk was the star of Friday’s game, but who do you think will step up today? Vote in the poll below:
Poll
Who will be Charlotte’s Player of the Game today?
Enjoy the game!Latest entertainment articles and reviews. Subscribe
Weekly CBN.com top stories and videos. Subscribe
To
Purchase The Leadership Wisdom of Solomon
Visit Pat William's Website:
Other Resources:
Pat Williams: Coach Wooden's Principles of Success
Pat Williams Reveals the Warrior Within
Pat Williams: Raising Kids with Character
Wisdom Not a Trivial 'Pursuit'
Other
articles and interviews by Chris Carpenter on CBN.com
CBN.com - If I were to ask you point blank who King Solomon was, inevitably the answer would somehow involve the concept of wisdom, being the son of David, or the author of the Old Testament’s Song of Solomon. But what about leadership?
In his book, The Leadership Wisdom of Solomon, author Pat Williams points out that King Solomon left us 28 profound leadership strategies that are just as applicable by today’s standards as they were three centuries ago.
CBN.com Program Director Chris Carpenter recently sat down with Williams to discuss these time honored leadership principles, the seven sides of leadership, and a few contemporary leaders that we can learn a thing or two from.
Whenever you hear the name King Solomon from the Old Testament you automatically think of wisdom. He was also a great leader. Why do you think his leadership capabilities get lost in the shuffle at times?
Somehow he’s gotten that one label, that one title, and nobody goes beyond that. But he was so much more.
Is this a book for professional leaders or is it for anyone?
Well, I think, the argument would be, Chris, everybody is a leader. You may not be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company, but you’re leading your family, or you’re coaching a little league team.
You’re a leader. You’re in a leadership position. That’s right. You may be the head of the cheerleaders at the high school. You’re the cheerleader coach. If you’re leading 12 young women Solomon has a word for you.
As you were going through the process of writing this book, is there any one leadership principle that you sat there and thought, “Wow, I never really realized that. That’s a crucial leadership concept.”?
I think it would be the one of temptation. Leaders are in a position of authority. They’re visible. We’ve got a tempter out there who never lets up on us. The higher we go on the food chain, I think, the greater the risk of temptation. And let’s face it, Solomon got tempted, he fell. He fell. He started chasing the wrong females and got all caught up in that, and it can be so addictive. And we, as Christian leaders, we’re not immune or exempt from addictions. Satan is extraordinarily smart, and he’s very relentless, and he knows where we’re weak, and he just delights in pulling leaders down. Almost daily, you see leaders falling. And it’s usually over women. It’s over alcohol. It can be gambling. I mean, those temptations, it could be drugs or whatever. Those temptations are there, and you’ve got to battle it every day, and Solomon did not battle hard enough. He succumbed and it led him off on a side path, and we lost track of him as a leader.
Very early in your book, you discuss the seven sides of leadership. Could you share a little bit about these very critical ideals?
As you study (Ronald) Reagan, as you study (Franklin) Roosevelt, as you study all of them. Study Paul as a leader. Study Jesus as a leader. Every time you study a great leader, each one has these seven sides.
The first one is vision. Great leaders see out over the horizon. They see the future before it gets here. They see before others, and more than others, and a wider spectrum than others. It’s crystal clear in their mind. While the rest are thinking, “We don’t see that.”
Leaders have to have direction. They have to have goals. They have to be pointing toward something or it makes no sense at all. Secondly, they have got to be able to communicate this vision they have. That’s the key that many leaders fail at. They may have a magnificent vision, but they just can’t get it across to anybody else. So in communicating a vision, you’ve got to believe first of all, it’s important to do it. Secondly, you have to do it clearly and distinctly, and concisely. Three, you’ve got to communicate optimism. Number four, you’ve got to communicate hope. Five, you’ve got to communicate motivation and inspiration. As your people are coming along with you, you’ve got to keep motivating and inspiring all the time. And the sixth thing I’ve learned is you’ve got to do it publicly in front of other people. And that’s where the fear factor comes in. The number-one fear in America: speaking it.
A third thing we talk about are people skills. Leaders care about people, and they’re interested in people, and they have empathy for people. They’re not just numbers, you know, that they’re pushing to get more production, or win more games. They truly care. Number four, character counts in leadership. Old-fashioned stuff like honesty and integrity, and responsibility, and a work ethic, and a humble spirit, courage; and I think at the end of the day you can only go as high on the leadership ladder as your character will allow you. You see enough character failures in leadership these days. It can be very depressing, very discouraging. But you can’t compromise in the character department.
Those are just four of the seven to give you a taste of I am writing about.
There have been so many great leaders throughout the course of history. You have already mentioned a few. Do you have a favorite leader?
I’m a huge Abraham Lincoln fan. I’ve read voraciously on him. He was a man of simple means who was thrown into the world’s greatest crisis in the most difficult time in American history. One quick thought. When you think about the Revolutionary war period, and the Civil War period, we had both (George) Washington and Lincoln. There they were. I’m not sure our nation would be where it is today without those two giants. It’s like the Lord raised up these two. We haven’t seen one like them since. Really, some would argue (Ronald) Reagan was that, and (Franklin) Roosevelt certainly dealt with a lot of stuff and was a strong leader. But, I mean, we’ve had these great leaders at the moment of crisis, and maybe crisis brings out the best in leadership. I mean, that forces you to be someone you didn’t think you were capable of. But Abraham Lincoln is a fascinating study, so human, so real, so down to earth.
Using Solomon’s principles, what’s the best way for a leader to respond to a crisis? Inevitably, every leader deals with a crisis, large or small. But, one way or the other, in some way you’ve got to find an effective way to deal with it, and to get past it.
One, anticipate it as quickly as you can. When it first starts arising, nip it, get on it immediately. Nip it as quickly as you can, deal with it as quickly as you can. The longer you wait, the bigger the problem’s going to be. And many leaders will ignore the crisis. They see it, they hear it, and it’s brewing. Maybe it’s in the personnel department, got some real friction down here in this department, and the immediate reaction is, “Eh, I don’t want to deal with it. Maybe it will go away.”
You can’t be thinking that way. Let’s get on this immediately. Number two, do not panic. If you panic, your whole organization’s just going to read you. Follow what they see with you. Do not panic. Remain calm and poised in a crisis. Number three, initially involve as few people as you can. Inform only the people who are really impacted by this. And that way, 800 people in your organization may not even know about if you get it handled within reason. Number five, don’t lie to the media. If you start lying, they’re going to kill you. But if you deal with them honestly, right from the get-go, or if you tell them I can’t talk to you now. Just be straight. Don’t run from a crisis. Anybody can operate in times that are good. Crisis and problems really test us; but at the end of the day, they make us His leaders. George Washington led in crisis, so did Lincoln. And so did Roosevelt. So did (Winston) Churchill. That’s why we admire them. That’s why we write books endlessly about them.
And that is after people read this book about the leadership principles of Solomon, what do you want them to get out of it? What do you want them to take away from the reading experience?
What I hope more than anything is that they step up and realize and look in the mirror and say, “I’m a leader.” That’s half the battle. “I am a leader.” I’m leading my children here. I’m leading this family. In fact, I wear maybe five or six leadership hats. I’ve got one on at work. I head up that division. Then I’m working with youth sports every weekend. And I’ve got a family here. Plus I’m a deacon at church. I hadn’t viewed myself as a leader, but now I’m leading. The bottom line is when people read this book, I want them to sit up and say, Daggone it; I’m a leader. I’m not embarrassed. I’m a leader. And I’m going to follow these principles and let Solomon be my guide here for awhile, and see how I do.
To purchase The Leadership Wisdom of Solomon
Tell
me what you think
Log in or create an account to post a comment.
A caring friend will be there to pray with you in your time of need.No. 3 Teakwood + Leather Diffuser
Basik Candle Co. tested many popular waxes such as paraffin, soy, and other natural waxes, but were left unimpressed. They knew they wanted a product that was better for the planet and safer to burn indoors, but soy just didn't provide the room-filling scent throw they were looking for. Their coconut wax blend is the result of that effort, and they have created a candle that is extremely clean burning, has amazing scent throw, while reducing the impact on the planet. Crafted in San Francisco, CA.
Bold, smooth, seductive + sexy. Aged teakwood and sandalwood combine with pimento berry and sweet tobacco. SCENT NOTES: Sandalwood, amber, spice, vetiver, black pepper, patchouli and pimento berry. ESSENTIAL OILS: This diffuser is infused with cedar wood, patchouli, black pepper and pimento berry essential oils.
Diffuser bottle is approx. 4.5" high by 1.75" in diameter and contains approx. 3 fl oz. of liquid. Dimensions including box are 2.25" x 2.25" x 11".- Dairy Free
- Gluten Free
- Sulphate Free
- Vegetarian
- Vegan Friendly
Melrose Nut Butter Blend Chocolate Hazelnut 250g
$15.00
SKU: MENBBCH Categories: Chocolate and Confectionary, Food and Drinks
Related products
Sale!
Chocolate and Confectionary
BSKT Vegan Chocolate Slab Dark Cacao 80g x 12 Display
Sale!
Chocolate and Confectionary
BSKT Vegan Chocolate Bar Coconut Chip 45g x 12 Display
Out of stock
Chocolate and Confectionary
The Chocolate Yogi Vegan Bar Dark Chocolate Astral Caramel Crunch 35g x 15 Display
$49.80rescue stories Rescue Story: She Had a Microchip! July 23, 2013August 13, 2013 Bernadette 12 Comments 4th of July, fireworks, independence day, just4mypet, pet holiday safety, pet id tags, pet safety Week before last I posted about a cat who had taken up residence at the house of a friend in Read more- Oceania
- New Zealand
- Wellington
- Takapuwahia
Search
Traveling Luck for Takapuwahia Wellington, New Zealand
The timezone in Takapuwahia is Pacific/Tarawa
Morning Sunrise at 04:44 and Evening Sunset at 19:31. It's light
Rough GPS position Latitude. -41.1183°, Longitude. 174.8202°
Morning Sunrise at 04:44 and Evening Sunset at 19:31. It's light
Rough GPS position Latitude. -41.1183°, Longitude. 174.8202°
Satellite map of Takapuwahia and it's surroudings...
Geographic features & Photographs around Takapuwahia in Wellington, New Zealand
section of populated place a neighborhood or part of a larger town or city.
- Takapuwahia (0km)
- Elsdon (6.4km)
- Onepoto (11.6km)
- Titahi Bay (16km)
- Porirua East (16km)
- Ranui Heights (16km)
- Lindenvale (19.2km)
- Linden (19.8km)
- Papakowhai (20.4km)
- Cannons Creek (20.4km)
- Ascot Park (24.2km)
- Paremata (27.3km)
- Greenacres (27.3km)
- Waitangirua (29km)
- Mana (30.8km)
- Camborne (30.8km)
Local Feature A Nearby feature worthy of being marked on a map..
- Te Korohiwa Rocks (11.6km)
- Te Paokapo (12.8km)
- Rukutane (13.7km)
- Angapaua (14.5km)
- Wairere (14.5km)
- Pararauma (15.8km)
- Te Anapaura (19.3km)
- Tokaapapa Reef (Grandfather Rocks) (26km)
bay a coastal indentation between two capes or headlands, larger than a cove but smaller than a gulf.
- Tirau Bay (11.6km)
- Titahi Bay (13.3km)
- Open Bay (14.5km)
- Te Onepoto Bay (15.8km)
- Rocky Bay (19.2km)
- Onehunga Bay (24km)
- Porirua Harbour (26.5km)
- Ivey Bay (27.3km)
point a tapering piece of land projecting into a body of water, less prominent than a cape.
- Bridge Point (9.8km)
- Green Point (11.6km)
- Round Point (13.7km)
- Rock Point (20.4km)
- Shingle Point (27.2km)
- Goat Point (27.2km)
- South Point (30.8km)
Accommodation around Takapuwahia
AMETHYST COURT MOTOR LODGE 5 Titahi Bay Road, Porirua
populated place a city, town, village, or other agglomeration of buildings where people live and work.
- Porirua Pa (11.5km)
- Titahi Bay (13.3km)
- Porirua (17.3km)
- Paremata (22.5km)
- Linden (31.6km)
- Plimmerton (31.6km)
stream a body of running water moving to a lower level in a channel on land.
- Takapuwahia Stream (13.7km)
- Mitchell Stream (19.2km)
- Kenepuru Stream (20.4km)
- Cannons Creek (23.2km)
- Mill Creek (27.2km)
hill a rounded elevation of limited extent rising above the surrounding land with local relief of less than 300m.
- Pikarere (2km)
- Mount Cooper (13.3km)
- Baxters Knob (19.3km)
- Colonial Knob (21.5km)
first-order administrative division a primary administrative division of a country, such as a state in the United States.
island a tract of land, smaller than a continent, surrounded by water at high water.
- Mana Island (28.5km)
mountain an elevation standing high above the surrounding area with small summit area, steep slopes and local relief of 300m or more.
- Colonial Knob (22.5km)
trail a path, track, or route used by pedestrians, animals, or off-road vehicles.
- Colonial Knob Walkway (21.5km)
Wikipedia entries close to Takapuwahia
- Porirua city g city
- Porirua Harbour waterbody waterbody
- Mana Island, New Zealand isle isle
-
- Wellington Harbour waterbody waterbody
- Paekakariki city o city
- Wellington city e city
- Radio New Zealand landmark landmark
- Wellington Cable Car cablecar landmark
Airports close to TakapuwahiaWellington international(WLG), Wellington, New zealand (134.2km)
Paraparaumu(PPQ), Paraparaumu, New zealand (158.4km)Lead Automation Developers x 2 - Linux
Job ref:
1173079/002_1631864793
Location:
London, England
Sector:
Job type:
Salary:
£550 - £600 per day
Phil Johnson
Published:
2 months ago
Duration:
6 Months
Start date:
ASAP
Consultant:
#
Lead Automation Developers x 2 - Linux
+ Fully remote role
+ 6 month initial contract
+ Outside IR35 determination
+ £550 to £600 per day
Key Skills:
+ Linux
+ Azure - Cloud Automation
+ SaaS/PaaS
Lead Automation Developers x 2 - Linux:
Exciting and challenging role working with latest cloud automation technologies, in highly containerised environments. You will be a senior developer with solid experience of working in high performance agile development teams based on Kanban delivery process, with experience of common development tools and automated development delivery pipelines, used in the delivery of containerised services.
Working with the automation development teams
+ Deploy highly automated infrastructure, platforms and applications and services (REST API and Web Applications) to business users, in a LIGHTS OUT ADMINISTRATION Azure public cloud environment.
+ Including; integrating other SaaS and PaaS subscription services available in the internet, Private cloud hosted application services (hybrid cloud).
Linux Automation Engineers will need to be senior self motivated developers able to work from home, individually or in small groups (1-3), with globally distributed teams, to deliver complex automation solutions aimed at providing direct support to non technical business end users, Application Developers, Application Administrators, Service management and 1st line support staff, via Self Service portals (ServiceNow or other web portals)
Apply now and I will be in contact about the role and your situation
End of the Earth
Torres del Paine, Patagonia
Torres del Paine, Patagonia
Let us take you to the end of the earth in Torres del Paine, Patagonia. The dream destination of mountain lovers worldwide, this Chilean national park is everything it’s hyped up to be and more. Gushing waterfalls, crystal clear streams, glaciers galore, and mountains that make your jaw drop at every turn. Join us on an expedition. Contact us today.
Adventure in Torres del Paine Patagonia
Arguably one of the most beautiful places on the planet. Dazzling glacier-fed lagoons, wind-carved mountains, and dense forests await you in Torres del Paine, Patagonia. We will help you explore the never-ending trails and sweeping vistas on an immersive expedition to suit your interests and travel style.
This national park at the end of the earth truly has everything a nature lover could want. Most famous for its “W-Trek,” hikers worldwide come during the southern hemisphere’s summer (January-March) to hike for 4 days to visit the famous towers for which the park is named. Highlights of the trek include spotting Glacier Grey, a part of the Patagonian ice field is surrounded by mountain peaks in the French Valley, and posing in front of the glacial lagoon Torres or Towers in the background.
Travelers looking for more comfort than a campsite to rest their head can take day trips and day hikes to see the highlights. Visit the likes of Grey Lake to take a walk near various floating glacier pieces and icebergs of all different colors. Head to Lake Nordenskjold, Lake Pehoé, and the beautiful waterfall Salto Grande to spend a day among some of the bluest water you will ever see. If you’re lucky, a rainbow might even grace your views.
Locals of the area are known for their big hearts and friendly faces. Here you can begin your journey as a solo traveler and end with multiple new friends inviting you back for years to come. We will take you to Cerro Castillo village to meet some of the locals and learn about the area’s farming culture.
Additionally, during your trip, you will be surrounded by unique flora and fauna like guanacos (part of the camelid family), soaring condors, and large rhea birds. The possibilities in Torres del Paine, Patagonia are endless. Contact us today to start planning your responsible trip.Property Attributes
- MLS#U8143182
- TypeRentals
- CountyPINELLAS
- CitySeminole
- AreaSeminole-Largo
- NeighborhoodBOULEVARD CLUB THE CONDO
- Zip33777
- StyleCondominium
- Price$ 1,300
- Bedrooms1
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage670
- Lot Size16.48 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
WATERFRONT REALTY TAMPABAY
Data Source:
Stellar MLS
Property Description
HURRY! Available Early April, 2022 - July 1, 2022. All you need are your personal items, everything else is ready for you! This unit offers a 1 bedroom, 1 bath, that comes completely furnished. Unit is on the second floor, however it is an easy walk up the stairs. Bedroom and Bathroom have been freshly painted and offer a queen size bed with plenty of storage space. Bath offers a linen closet, new vanity and toilet. Hallway closet offers extra storage as well. Tile flooring throughout the unit. Living room offers a newer couch and chair with entry to the screened patio. Unit has new blinds in the dining area and kitchen. Desk will stay with the unit for surfing the internet. The kitchen has plenty of storage as well as a pantry for food storage. Community features a shuffleboard area, tennis court, clubhouse and community pool. Unit is steps away from clubhouse/pool/laundry facilities. BEST PART - your assigned parking spot is right in front of the unit. Seasonal rental is flexible if you want to stay longer. Sorry, no pets allowed in the community. Easy access to shops, fine dining, banks, groceries, VA Hospital, art & entertainment, movie theater, drugstores, downtown St Pete, Tampa, area airports and only minutes to the sandy pearl beach! One time HOA Application approval is required by association. Fees: First and security deposit required before move in. No additional fee's added, includes all utilities even electricity.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Pets
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolSeptember real estate sales increased relative to August and were the third-highest mark on record for Toronto, ON, for the month, says the Toronto Regional Real Estate Board (TRREB). Compared to last year, sales represented a higher share of listings and a significantly lower number of new listings. Additionally, the total number of condo sales went down 18 per cent from September 2020, largely due to the lower number of new listings, which were down 34 per cent from the same time last year. “With new listings in September down by one third compared to last year, purchasing a home for many is easier said than done. The lack of housing supply and choice has reached a critical juncture. This is not an issue that can be solved by one level of government alone,” says Kevin Crigger, president at TRREB.Tweet tan.Get QuoteherGet Quote
using mobile stone jaw crushers profitably. using mobile stone jaw crushers profitably Crushed stone ...Get QuoteGet Quote
china crusher for coal crusher jakarta teebweb. jakarta mobile coal crushers KAMY China have BestGet Quote
dolomite stone crusher coal india russian. Dolomite stone crusher coal india russian.Get QuoteGet Quote
Coal Crusher Mill Quote
STATIONARY STONE CRUSHING PLANTS. Our range of jaw, cone and impact crushers provide unbeatable performance and mobility across a wide range of applications. View C6X Series Jaw Crusher. Mobile Crushing Solutions. ... mining industry quartz sand coal russian randpicQuartz Sand Vibrating Screen Coal Crusher Russianprice for 50tph crusher plant ...Get Quote.Get Quote
russian coal crushers-Stone Crusher. impact crushers of the coal industry in russia. Home Crusher Solution 05 impact crushers of the coal industry in russia Print Email impact crushers of the coal ... Read more. crushers mining industry russia - Coal Surface Mining - SAMAC.Get Quote
Global stone crushing equipment market size is anticipated to hit US8.5 billion by 2025, with consistent deployment of jaw and impact crushers. A rise in urbanisation, along with the increase in transportation activities across the globe is coercing governments to develop roads and highways.Get Quote differences ...Get Quote.Get Quote
randpic stone crusher used japan mac-tfc. Gulin supply Mining and construction equipment for mineral stone crusher plant japan sale used jaw crusher japan, Zenith Stone Crusher USED KOMATSU STONE CRUSHER MOBILE JAW CRUSHER USED KOMATSU STONE CRUSHER MOBILE JAW CRUSHER BR200J-1 FROM JAPAN,JP 7,400,000 7,500,000 Unit, Used, 1994, Jaw from CHUKYO JUKI CO.,LTD. on mobile stone crusher.Get Quote QuoteGet Quote
sand drying oven machine coal crusher russian. ... Sand dryer is a kind of processing large amounts of microwave sand drying machines india. liming stone crushing equipment is designed to achieve maximum productivity and high reduction ratio. From large primary jaw crusher and impact crusher toGet Quote
A wide variety of stone crusher hammer options are available to you, such as none, france, and pakistan. You can also choose from provided stone crusher hammer, as well as from energy amp mining, manufacturing plant, and building material shops stone crusher hammer, and whether stone crusher hammer is 3 months, or 1 year.Get Quote- Joseph Tkach
The Photoshop Gospel
Have you ever seen this picture of President Grant?
A friend sent it to me. He wanted to know if I saw anything strange. And as I looked closer, a couple things jumped out. Grant’s face looked familiar, almost like I’d seen it before in another picture. Then I noticed that all the soldiers were seated – something they’d never do around a General. I could tell right away that something was wrong. So I started doing some research.
And that’s when I discovered that this picture was one of the first examples of “photoshopping.” Someone had pulled elements from different pictures to create an image that had never existed.
But that concept of picking and choosing isn’t just something that happens in the lab. Unfortunately, we see it all the time in modern-day Christianity as well. The pastor will preach that if you have faith and obey God’s commandments then you’ll be wealthy. Or maybe you’ve attended a church that measures belief by how long you can stay away from a doctor. They can point to specific verses in the Bible to support their position, but when you look at it from another point of view, you start to see that their conclusions are just like the photo of President Grant.
Because of our limited perspective, we can sometimes emphasize certain biblical text over others. But we know that’s not what we’re called to do. The central message of the Bible regarding God’s character has been revealed through Christ Jesus. And when we lose sight of that, we can find ourselves in a photoshopped version of the Gospel that doesn’t have an anchor in reality.
We have a saying here at GCI – “Whether you’re preaching from the Old Testament or the New, make sure you’re preaching Jesus.” That means that in addition to looking at how scripture has been interpreted by theologians who came before us, we want to anchor ourselves in the understanding that Christ is the ultimate revelation of our Triune God. In him we meet God face to face. He is the Word made flesh. And with Christ as our lens, I know that the spiritual picture we’re part of won’t need to be photoshopped at all.
I’m Joseph Tkach, Speaking of LIFE.
To read how the fake General Grant image was uncovered, see this article:AC opportunity to:
- Attend an outstanding scientific program in clinical and basic research on brain behavior-drug interactions.
- Learn about the most recent and often unpublished advances in psychopharmacology.
- Meet and interact with internationally distinguished researchers and scientists.
The WCG VeraSci team welcomes the opportunity to meet with you during this time to discuss how we can support your upcoming drug development clinical trials. Set up a call today. 11, Quote ...Get QuoteGet QuoteGet Quote
coal crusher for sale in south africa randpic Coal crusher in South Africa Gumtree Classifieds in Jaw crusher brand new for sale for goldchromeaggregate and coal. ... Its coverage area is reduced by 50 compared with ball mill, and the energy consumption is saved by 30-40 similarly. Applications Cement, coal, power plant desulfurization ...Get Quote Quote.Get Quote.Get Quote detailsEmail ball vale grinder supplys south africa -. DetailsGet Quote
Contact Us Wed love to hear from you. Call us,email us or complete our contact form. Tel86-21-33756878. Fax86-21-33908325. E-mail salesxsmcrusher.net Quote
Coal Crusher For Hire JohannesburgGet Quote
used coal washing plant sale Crusher South Africa Quartz Crusher, Quartz Crushing Plant, Quartz Crushing Machine For Sale-kefid Shanghai kefid can manufacture and supply coal mining equipments for all grades fromGet QuoteGet Quote
Central Discharge Ball Mills Value Of D Volt Grinding Macjine Inside A Coal Mill Guiyang Crushing Equipment Yellow Pages Jaw Crusher To Buy Jaw Crusher Spares For Sale South Africa Processing Gold Ore Recovery Energy Saving Granite Aggregate Grinding MachineGet Quote
mobile gold ore cone crusher for sale in south africa coal crusher laboratorium ... Crusher Aluminum Tanzania - Dpsjcampuscare.In. ... Slag crushing plant manufacture in usa slag crushing plant manufacturer in usa.bmw is an iso certified company ed ball mill in south africa. Slag Crusher Machine Price - Saffronschool.Co.In ...Get Quote
China Coal Fines Pellet Mill Coal Fines Pellet Mill. Coal Fine Pelletizing Machine Grinding Line In Ball Mills. Coal fine pelletizing south africa grinding mill china 4 35Coal Grinding Mills In South Africa salento Coal Pulverizer Mill In South Africa St Francis email protected 86 371 67999188 iron ore fine ball mills cafeole koeln de.Get Quote
medium coal aggregate jaw crusher in Oran Algeria Africa. medium Making Stone Quarry aggregate crusher plant for sale in Rock Stone Crushers RockGet Quote
South Africa Coal Exploitation Industry Coal Crushing Processing Line ... High Quality Ball Mill in South Africa Chromium Mining Equipment for Gold MiningPlant in South Africa ... global supplier and manufacturer of crushing, grinding, screening and processing equipment. The coal crushing plant for sale includes jaw crusher, gyratory crusAre there certain specific days that are better than others, when it comes to investing? It just might be that there’s historical evidence of a pattern of better stock market returns on certain days than others.
As regular readers might notice, I occasionally like to dive into the data to find trends about stock market returns. While I generally focus on more of a passive, index fund strategy, I do think that it’s also interesting to find patterns that might give us an edge if we choose to be a bit more active. This way, we may have something to tip the odds in our favor a bit.
A prior analysis I did on monthly stock market returns showed how there are some historical patterns that seem to indicate better stock performance in some months than others. A subsequent analysis on the September effect delved further into that particular month, indicating that September is historically poor performing relative to others. The premise held up the very next month after the post, as the market plummeted by over 7% in that 30 day period.
This got me thinking – if we could go beyond identifying monthly stock returns, and instead looked at daily stock returns, could we find any discernible patterns? In other words, are there certain days that provide better returns than others?
As I did before, I pulled raw historical stock market data from the S&P 500 index. This time, I just looked back to 2000, but I changed the data points to daily. I had to set up the spreadsheet with a variety of formulas, so it took a bit of time to convert the raw data into a place where I could generate some insights.
But when I got done, I found something interesting: Stocks tend to go up, higher than they otherwise would, on the first trading day of the month.
Essentially, looking back since 2000, it’s clear that there have been more first days of the month that went up versus those than went down. So, from January 2000 to November 2011, the breakout was as follows:
- “Up” first trading days of the month: 90
- “Down” first trading days of the month: 52.
Interesting. It became clear that first trading days of the month tend to have stock price increases, more so than stock price declines. But what about the actual returns themselves?
I broke out the different types of classifications of trading days and totaled them as follows:
- First trading days of the month: 143
- Other trading days of the month: 2,837
Then, I did a simple calculation of taking the average daily return (up or down), summed them, and divided by the total number of days in each respective category. Granted, this isn’t a weighted average, but a direct simple sum and divide approach. Here are the results:
- First trading days of the month: 0.192% average daily return
- Other trading days of the month: -0.005% average daily return
Now, this was even more interesting. The first trading days of the month yielded an impressive average of a 0.19% daily return. If that seems small, remember that it’s for an average day. Just a day. By projecting out over a larger number of days, we can see that getting returns like that is pretty good! All the while, when removing these first days from the mix, and looking at all other days – we can see that the market fell short of breaking even.
Implications: It seems like while there’s certainly variability in the data, the first day of the trading month tends to outperform the average of the other days. Thus, perhaps there should be consideration given to this data when deciding when to buy or sell market baskets of stocks. Maybe buying toward the end of the month makes more sense, and selling soon after the first few days of the month makes sense.
I’m not completely sure why this phenomenon takes place, but it could be because there are more institutional investors putting money in the market at the beginning of the month, 401(k) plans putting in money at predetermined times, or maybe inherent optimism at the beginning of a new time period – much like people get fired up with resolutions at the beginning of a new year. Who knows?
It turns out that some others have discovered this concept of the first day of the month effect too, as I subsequently found out after doing this analysis. Well, that’s ok 🙂 Of course, I still think that there’s a potential opportunity here that’s really been flying a bit under the radar. This isn’t discussed too often in personal finance circles.
My Questions for You:
What do you think of this effect? Is it something you’ve considered when making buying/selling decisions?
Why do you think that this clear pattern exists? There must be a logical explanation, right?
I love stats like these! Similarly, Fridays fair poorly compared to Mondays!
I need to check the dates next time I buy stocks! 🙂
MoneyCone – fun, isn’t it? It can pay to dive into the details.
You should have kept it to yourself, haha. If there is a historic trade-able pattern, once it becomes public it can get arbitraged away by people betting with the expectation it can hold up. (Think “Sell in May and Stay Away”, or the Price to Sales Ratio – both have weakened as investors have adopted them.).
If I had to throw theories out there, I would guess it has something to do with automatic investing. Perhaps on the 1st and the 15th of every month people are automatically dumping money into the stock market. It might be weighted towards the start of new quarters, so mutual funds are making their purchases (then they can easily sell the stock before they have to report it at the end of the quarter). It could be index funds re-balancing as well.
To MoneyCone above – I bet a lot of that is due to options expiration day, third Friday of the month. Google ‘option pain’ for an interesting theory on that, haha.
Nice analysis!
PKamp3 – I think you have some really plausible explanations as to the source of the effect. It seems like this is a truly underreported phenomenon by the mainstream media, probably no secret whatsoever with serious traders one would think. Glad you liked the analysis, time well invested then!
These are fun. We had a bunch of these in one of my grad classes. I should have paid more attention then… All I really remember is to try to invest in Sept if you’re going to lump sum invest once a year.
Nicole – yeah, these are fun. It took me an analysis of my own to figure out the September issue. Over time and on average, that’s the month with the worst stock returns and actually stock declines as of the last 40 or so years. While there’s variability of course, a pattern of 40+years seems like a decent amount of data points to substantiate it. So, I can get you idea of buying in Septemeber if you had one puchase to make.
I hadn’t heard about the first of the month, but had about Mondays and Fridays. I don’t really consider it when making buy or sell decisions. It is nice to look at from a market perspective, but individual stocks vary enough during the day that it probably doesn’t matter as much.
Cashflowmantra – I think this phenomenon is worth considering, particulary for the bigger investors. While that’s not me, I think that there might be some applicability here with smaller investors. For example, if I going to make investments automatically, perhaps making them right at the end of the month could give some slight benefit over time?
I love non-correlated phenomenon like this. Always interesting!
Robert – I agree!
I would not be surprised if there aren’t a lot of conversations like this at the horse races also. I feel the stock market to be the same toss up these days.
Cat – I never thought of that.
Since, I’m a passive investor and I have everything on Autopilot for now, I don’t really need to pay attention to the timing.
Tushar – I disagree as far as that being a blanket statement for all passive investors. Really, passive investors in some cases can choose when they make automatic investments. It could be worth considering in those cases for passive investors.
That is an interesting pattern but I doubt you can actually make money from it. I won’t be trying to use it.
Andy – I don’t agree. I’m willing to say that there are probably investors much bigger than us that take patterns like this into account. That said, I can absolutely see how it would be hard for many people to take advantage of this. Some can, some can’t.
I’d have to devote a ton of time in order to capture the returns. In the end, I’m not sure that the return on the small amount of risk capital would be worth. Very interesting analysis, though. I wonder how the black-box trading computers in the backrooms of brokerage houses take advantage of this.
101 – Good point on the brokerage houses. I have to think that historical patterns like this are considered by such larger, or institutional investors. For smaller investors, I tend to agree with you that it would be a tradeoff of time in order to capture returns, and mignt not be worth it for everybody. But for some, it might – particularly for larger investors. For smaller investors, it might help in terms of timing for automatic investments. For example – if someone is going to automatically put money into a 529 account on the same day every month, it might help to set the deposit date at a time just before the fist of the month. This way, there’s little effort, and perhaps an opportunity to take advantage of these patterns – even if in a small way.
Have to agree with 401k, IRA money flowing into the market as a partial cause. There’s also the possibility of dividend reinvestment and any bond interest payments being put to work. you might be able to attribute quarterly rebalancing by mutual funds and hedge funds 4 times a year. The market tends to get a bit choppy on the last day of every quarter, with funds taking profits or wanting to “show” better performing stocks in their holdings. Good catch.
JP – good points on dividend reinvestment/bond intererest payments. With 401k/IRA money a potential contributor, as well as these other factors, it’s interesting how there appears to be some market inefficiency here.
In looking at your monthly and daily data, I asked why? I have been doing this for years.
Institutional investors are now a big player in the stock market. They are largely investing the retirement contributions of individuals and have to invest them according to their investors’ wishes – based on their fund selections.
I think you are absolutely right that the rise at the beginning of the month is due to the need for institutionally investors (401k, pension fund managers) to invest individual contributions. Much of this money goes towards buying stocks. The money flows in a the beginning of the month and the institutions will then invest it (buy stocks and bonds). This increases demand for stocks in general and thus causes market prices to spike. Also, there may be a need for many investors to sell at the end of the month to pay bills such as a payroll. This may explain the decline in prices later in the month.
Have you investigated the bond market as well? My sense is that you may find that average bond prices also go up at the beginning of the month and perhaps perform poorly towards the end of the month.
The monthly data is harder to explain. The January thru April rise may be due to individual investors IRA contributions which they often make between the beginning of the year and April 15. Holiday bonuses also may contribute to the demand this time of the year.
Why is September such a horrible month for stocks? And why are the summer months (June through August) also not so good for stocks?
I like your stat work! You clearly did a lot of research into this trend. That being said, I never use these types of historical calendar trends to influence my trading decisions.
I guess if you trade index ETFs or futures, there’s value in knowing calendar and seasonal trends, but personally, I prefer to make buy and decisions based on fundamental and technical analysis of each individual security.Last Updated : Jul Issue Number : I have read and understood the disclaimer below and wish to download the designated software.
CanoScan LiDE 25 Driver for Windows 10, macOS & more | VueScan
This is an online installation software to help you to perform initial setup of your product on a PC either USB connection or network connection and to install various software. Windows 10 32bit Windows 10 64bit Windows 8. Download the file. For the location where the file is saved, check the computer settings. Double-click the downloaded.
It will be decompressed and the Setup screen will be displayed. Follow the instructions to install the software and perform the necessary settings. Canon India Pvt. Canon reserves all relevant title, ownership and intellectual property rights in the Content. You may download and use the Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use and at your own risks.Oct 10, · Download Canon CanoScan LiDE 25 Windows Drivers. This page contains drivers for CanoScan LiDE 25 manufactured by Canon™. Please note we are carefully scanning all the content on our website for viruses and tavast.co added: Jul Download drivers for your Canon product. Canon CanoScan LiDE Select your support content. Back to top. Drivers. Find the latest drivers for your product. Software. Software to improve your experience with our products. Manuals. ..
Scan from Canon multi-function devices to a mobile device, upload scans to cloud storage services, attach to and send emails, and print. Let us take the hassle out of printing. Bringing people and technology together. Get greater control of business documentation. Advice and guidance from print industry experts.
Interviews and inspirational stories from passionate people. Capture the changing colours of downlload. Take in the vast beauty of the landscape.Jul 22, · CanoScan LiDE Full Driver & Software Package (Windows 10/10 x64// x64/8/8 x64/7/7 x64/Vista/Vista64/XP) Windows 10 (32bit) Windows 10 (64bit) Windows (32bit) Windows (64bit) Windows 8(32bit) you agree to be bound by the above as well as all laws and regulations applicable to your download and use of the Content. Was this.. Sep 27, · How to Install driver canon canoscan lide 25 to windows 10 and windows 8 olddriver for scannerPastikan dotnet framework 2 dan 3 sudah terinstalDriver linkhtt.
Portrait tips for creative family photos to inventive party snaps. Long nights and frosty mornings, make the most of winter. Try a new creative technique, or improve your results. Find light in darkness with these tips and techniques. Share your passions with vlogging. Master the light any time, anywhere.
Download Canon LiDE 64-bit Driver For Windows 7 and 8. Just arrange them on the glass and select "Multi-Scan" - that's it!
Canon CanoScan LiDE 25 Driver Download for Windows 10/8/7/XP/Vista
For convenience, each image is automatically canoacan as an individual file. It even autocorrects to help with graininess, picture fading and improper backlighting. After enhancement you can archive these beautiful images and then e-mail them or print them for family and friends. Get complete scans downlpad bulky originals.
It lifts approximately 1-inch vertically then lies down flat on the item you are scanning, for a clear, complete scan. My Canon. Products Home. Network Cameras Software Solutions. Security Solutions. Find Supplies and Accessories About Counterfeits. Promotions Home. Canon Innovation Patents.
Contact Us Drver.
Support - CanoScan LiDE 25 - Canon India
Firefox Click the down arrow in the top right of the browser Windows Users - Click the small image of the folder next to your download Mac Users - Click the small image of the magnifying glass next to download download The folder that contains your download will now be open.
Safari Mac Users - Click the down arrow in the top right of the browser Windows Users - Click the gear wheel in the top right of the browser Click the small image of canoscan magnifying glass next to your download The folder that windows your download will now be open. bit Install the download by clicking on the file name. Chrome A grey bar will appear at the bottom of your browser window which will contain your download. To install your download driver on the name of the downloaded file.
I have read and understand the information above, and wish to download the designated software. View More Details. Find a dealer. CanoScan LiDE Lide product is supported exclusively through our web site. Scroll down to see your support options. You can also click one of these links to search our extensive Knowledge Base or visit the Canon Community Forum.
Main Unit Spec. Scanner Type. Scanning Element. Light Source.
Scanning Mode.
4 thoughts on “Canoscan lide 25 windows 10 64 bit driver download”
Last Updated : Jul Issue Number : I have read and understood the disclaimer below and wish to download the designated software.
You are viewing:. Big on quality, small on size.
Read more reviews here. Thorsten Kallnischkies. VueScan works like a charm under Linux Mint, and even fixed a critical issue with the user rights.
When your download is complete please use the instructions below to begin the installation of your download or locate your downloaded files on your computer. Actual prices are determined by individual dealers and may vary.A couple of weeks ago on Raw an ascension ceremony was held to commemorate the last time that with WWE and World Heavyweight titles would stand separately. For this segment the ring was filled with every former world champion that they could gather: current stars and a few legends all together at once. This collection of wrestlers represented both the best and worst of WWE’s world title history.
This assembly of talent got me to thinking, now that we have a WWE World Heavyweight Championship (WWEWHC) what chance do any of these men of ever holding it again? I have gone through and evaluated all of these former champion’s future potentials in a series of editorial posts. As always feel to express your opinions on my selections and synopses.
Part 1 covered the best and brightest of the contenders. Part 2 is a little further from the mark. Former champions who have failed to hang with the top dogs and a few who probably shouldn’t have even made it that far. The truth can be harsh.
Part 2: The Runners Up
Rey Mysterio
Age: 39
WWE Champion (1)
World Heavyweight Champion (2)
Rey Mysterio made his name first as the man who helped bring lucha libre style to prominence in the USA. After nearly two decades in the business he is now best known as the greatest underdog in wrestling. These accolades have brought a number of title runs to the masked man and he enjoys a special relationship with the fans, especially the younger ones. In terms of world title pedigree Mysterio has had a mixed bag. Most of his reigns have been short, including his less than one day as WWE Champion. Given his age and latent health issues I cannot envisage Mysterio ever becoming world champion again. That is not to say that his golden days are behind him.
Mysterio’s has more recently been used to lend his veteran talent to the tag team division. He spent months tutoring Sin Cara and has now dabbled in teamwork with on again / off again BFF / Nemesis The Big Show. You simply cannot deny that this current role suits his career at the moment and he still gives it everything.
Ranking: You had a good run.
Dolph Ziggler
Age: 33
World Heavyweight Champion (2)
Dolph Ziggler really hasn’t had a good run at world champion level. His first reign, if it can even be called that, lasted less than a week. He was handed the title by (biased) Raw General Manager Vickie Guerrero only to lose it back to Edge. Fast forward to 2012 where he won the WHC Money in the Bank briefcase to rapturous applause. This led to him cashing in on Alberto Del Rio on the Raw after Wrestlemania 29 in 2013 to rapturous applause. His reign was disrupted by a Swagger induced concussion and he ended up dropping the belt at his very first defense of it. The people were not amused. At least his short feud with Del Rio gave us a rare double turn – Ziggler turning face and Del Rio turning heel over the course of a single match. Since then he has challenged Dean Ambrose for the US title (unsuccessful at every attempt) and has recently come close to being the number one contender to Big E Langston’s Intercontinental title on a couple of occasions. Still no title matches though. As 2013 has progressed Dolph has gotten further and further away from championship gold. I usually don’t like to indulge in rumours of backstage politicking but it certainly feels as though somebody is putting the brakes on Ziggler’s hard earned momentum.
Ranking: So close but so very far away.
Jack Swagger
Age: 31
World Heavyweight Champion (1)
Jack Swagger falls into the “never shoulda” category of world champions. While I applaud the WWE for trying something new this particular experiment didn’t just fail – it crashed and burned. In fairly short order the man went from World Heavyweight Champion to being beaten consistently by Santino Marella and Zack Ryder. Earlier this year he had another chance at possibly climbing the mountain as a reboot of his character. The Real American schtick works better than it has any right to. But, alas, fate would get in the way. Nobody can say for sure whether he was going to win the WHC at Wrestlemania 29 but he sure as hell wasn’t going to after being arrested for possession.
He has found his second wind as a tag team competitor and in this role he might actually make a name for himself. Swagger holds his own in the ring when paired up with the Swiss Superman Antonio Cesaro which is no mean feat. He has all the wrestling ability to be a legitimate champion but his hamstrung by the complete lack of reaction he receives.
Ranking: No chance. You got no chance in hell.
The Miz
Age: 33
WWE Champion (1)
The Miz presents an interesting conundrum to the title scene. He has been a WWE champion, even headlining Wrestlemania 28 against John Cena, which always leaves the door open to getting there again. Over the last few years he has settled well into his character and he plays it to the hilt. But then on the other hand there has been his entire career since losing that belt. He has had to wear some embarrassing losses, and he now spends much of his time as a presenter or commentator. His recent feud with Kofi Kingston may not have been groundbreaking but it keeps him on our screens. At 33 The Miz still has a number of years left on the clock so we should not count him out yet. A few good high-profile feuds could easily put him in the running for a WWEWHC title shot.
Ranking: Possible, but the top of the bill is a long way up.
Sheamus
Age: 35
WWE Champion (2)
World Heavyweight Champion (1)
Sheamus had a great 2012 and a weak 2013. In just a year he went from winning his first WHC in record time at Wrestlemania 28 and defending it ad infinitum against Alberto Del Rio. Since being dethroned by The Big Show the Celtic Warrior hasn’t done much. AT least his limp feud with The Shield earlier this year did a good job at making the youngsters seem dangerous.
The series of nasty bumps he took at Money in the Bank this year has put him on the sidelines. His recovery schedule seems to align with an appearance at Royal Rumble ’14 so lets assume that is going to happen. But at this juncture what does he bring to the table? I expect Sheamus to have an unsuccessful attempt at taking the WWEWHC from Orton, filling the role of former champion who can’t get it done any more.
Ranking: Not great, but he has all the tools to get it done.
Christian
Age: 40
World Heavyweight Champion (2)
After more than a decade in the business, Christian won his first WHC at Extreme Rules in 2011 after it was vacated by Edge’s shocking retirement. The victory was to be short lived as he lost it to Randy Orton the very next week. Their back-and-forth over the belt was great work from both men. Since then Christian has fallen completely out of the world title scene and into protracted bouts of injury time. Every time he comes back hot only to be felled once more by his aging body. I fear that at age 40, Captain Charisma may never get his one more match. Even still he held the Intercontinental title respectably in 2012 and he has put on good shows with some of the young lions. We must also not forget that Christian is the only one on the active roster who has held a world title in TNA. We have learned to never say never when it comes to the crafty Canadian.
Rating: Increasingly unlikely, but I would love to see one more match.
The Great Khali
Age: 41
World Heavyweight Champion (1)
And here we have a catastrophic failing in the creative booking department. The Great Khali stands as the former world champion least deserving of his reign since David Arquette. It is hard to believe that he used to beat people like The Undertaker, Ric Flair, and Batista. Time has not been kind to Khali. He currently occupies a station only slightly higher than jobber status. With an increased focus on larger than life superstars expect to keep seeing Khali on TV but we will never see him at world title level again. All is not lost though. Vladamir Kozlov shared a similar fate but still wrangled a tag title reign out of the rest of his WWE tenure.
Ranking: …
So now that we have had the good and the bad, next must come the ugly. There are always wildcards in the title scene. Part-timers and semi-retired stars have done very well the past few years. In recent memory we have had good showings from Chris Jericho, The Rock, Brock Lesnar, Triple H, Rob Van Dam, and next year promises us Batista. And then there is always that nagging question; would they dare give the top prize to The Undertaker one last time?October 2021 - Cole Valley Partners has acquired a 0.73 acre pad site at 673 TX-46, New Braunfels, Texas. Dave Burggraaf of Evergreen Commercial Real Estate represented the Buyer, and Cory Elrod Legacy Commercial Real Estate the Seller in the transaction.
Evergreen Commercial Real Estate launched in 2020 with a vision for a full-service brokerage collaboration of high-level real estate professionals from all industry verticals offering you excellence, integrity, and exceptional service.I speak from experience when I say that insulating your home is life changing. Insulating helps maintain a comfortable living environment by maintaining inside temperatures and simultaneously reducing energy costs.
The main purpose of insulation is to create a barrior around your home which reduces the amount of heat entering the home on a hot day and also reducing the amount of heat loss on a cold day. Since most heat is lost or gained through the roof and exposed walls, these are the core places to insulate in order to create a comfortable living environment.
The reason your home gets warm during the summer despite your use of the air conditioner is due to the concrete, bricks, and other materials heat capacity. As they get hotter and hotter they start to emit this heat into your home. The opposite happens in the winter where the heat from inside your home gets absorbed by the roof and walls and emitted outside.
In a home with good insulation heat loss through the roof and walls is very limited. This allows the temperature in your home to be comfortable with much less heating or cooling. This being said, insulation is not magic, depending on where you live, you will still need to use heaters and air conditioners but they will not have to work as hard. Insulating your home can reduce your heating and cooling costs by up to 40%. This means massive savings on energy bills for you and a lot less pollution for our planet. I just had my insulation done 2 months ago and I am already seeing a huge decrease in my energy bill and a huge improvement in my comfort!
Insulation is only one step in creating an energy efficient home. Other things to look at are windows, doors and floors for air gaps. Having windows tinted or covered with thick curtains definitely helps. Having draft stoppers on your doors will also make a difference.
Generally the cost of insulation runs between $1 and $1.50 per square foot though costs do increase depending on the type of insulation you get.
It took me years to finally decide to get insulation and now that I finally have it I could kick myself for not doing it sooner. While it may seems like a big expense it is actually more of an investment that you recoup quickly just by having your energy bill shrink. It has made a world of difference in my home and significantly improved my living conditions, it could improve yours too.The 27-year-old comes to Dundee with a reputation of being someone who will stand up for his teammates and who likes to play a tough and physical game, which earned him the nickname of “The Sheriff” during his time with Fort Wayne Komets.
Following a year off between his last season with the Komets in the East Coast Hockey League, the Calgary, Alberta native ended that year on a high after being selected as the Komets’ Most Improved Player.
The 6-foot-2-inch blueliner was also the ECHL’s most penalised player in the 2019-2020 season, spending 164 minutes in the sin bin.
Weighing in at 220lbs, the left-handed defender has also played alongside a familiar face from Dundee, when back in 2011 he was a teammate of former Star, Brett Stovin.
Stars General Manager and Head Coach, Omar Pacha is excited to add such a physical and steady presence at the back end and he said: “Through this whole process I really wanted to get a shutdown defenseman, a really tough blueliner and we found that in Kyle.
“I thought in the last few years, we have really been missing a bit of toughness at the back, so I really wanted to make sure we got that this year, and as you can see that is what we are going for from the signings so far.
“I am really happy to have Kyle joining us, because he will play a big role for us this year and will be tough to play against.”
Pacha continued: “This is a guy, who I think will become the player I know he can be this year, which is a steady and reliable defenseman.
“You always need a few of those guys on your team and I really like the fact that he is tough and hard to play against and he is not afraid to mix it up.”
After sealing his first move to Europe, a delighted Kyle said: “I was actually interested in coming to Dundee as soon as I graduated from University in 2019.
“The way I heard about Dundee was through a good friend of mine, Eric Neilson, he played with Omar in Manchester and had nothing but good things to say about Omar and the city of Dundee.
“Eric and I have similar playing styles and he really believed that my playing style would fit right into the league and be a valuable piece to the Stars.
“Obviously, I was not able to come over to Dundee right away, but I was given a really good opportunity to play for the Fort Wayne Komets in the ECHL.
“This gave me time to develop my game at the professional level, then fast forward two years and my agent called me and said Dundee were interested in signing me.
“I was ecstatic that Omar and the Stars organisation was interested in me and believed I could play a vital role in bringing Dundee a championship.
“Omar also made the off-ice opportunities as appealing as the on-ice ones by mentioning I could gain a Master’s Degree from the prestigious University of Dundee.
“All in all, I was pretty quick to asking where do I sign?”
The Canadian then explained his decision to take a year out from hockey during the pandemic, he said: “Unfortunately, I did not play this past season but I was not the only player that was in these circumstances.
“There were a lot of factors that played into my decision of not playing but the biggest one was due to the uncertainty of the ECHL season being able to finish and my new sales job that offered stability and a way to pay for my medical supplies since I am a type 1 diabetic.
“This was the first year I have not played hockey since I was about eight years old and I really missed the game that I was used to playing every day.
“Most of all I missed being able to see the guys on my team day in and day out.
“When this opportunity of playing for the Stars presented itself it was a no brainer for me, as I feel like I have a lot more to give to this great game.”
Haas continued: “I like to consider myself an ultra-competitive person and since I did not play hockey this year I needed a place to take out my competitive frustration which led me back to another passion of mine; boxing.
“I actually trained a heavy schedule this past year under my boxing coach Dave Furneaux, who is actually from the UK.
“I was planning on taking my first fight this summer but COVID made it very complicated to get a promotion to hold an event in Atlantic Canada.
“I can thank boxing for keeping me in great shape and the Fredericton Boxing Club for being tough on me and preparing me for this upcoming season.
“And who knows, maybe I can have my first fight in Scotland during the off-season next year?”
Haas then shared how Pacha convinced him to join the Stars and how a former Star has been pivotal in his move to Scotland.
He explained: “Obviously hearing him put in the work, watching video on me and really appreciating the way I play the game goes a long way with me.
“He thinks I can be a very valuable piece with the Stars to winning a championship and there is nothing more a player can want than having his head coach believe in his ability.
“There are also certain qualities he wants in his players that I truly take pride in.
“Work ethic, leadership, and all around great character people are the teammates I want to be surrounded by and if we can achieve that then we can really do something special.”
“Eric Neilson is one of those guys that had a huge factor in getting me to sign with Dundee and there was also Justin Faryna, who I always looked up to when I was a kid”, continued Kyle.
“Justin is a couple years older than me and I was always at his games growing up since my dad always seemed to be his head coach in minor hockey.
“Justin is also a huge ambassador for the Dundee Stars and played a big role in giving me all the information I need before heading to Scotland.”
Kyle’s career started back in 2009, when he was playing for Edge School, a preparatory school in Calgary and over his two seasons there, he played in 31 games, scored two goals and assisted 11 times.
Then in 2011, he joined the Calgary Mustangs of the Alberta Junior Hockey League for six games, before beginning the 2011-2012 season with Western Hockey League club, Saskatoon Blades.
In his only WHL campaign, Haas iced in 47 matches and accumulated four points (1G+3A), along with 106 penalty minutes but would switch to the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League that summer.
The Canadian began the following season with Moncton Wildcats and would spend the next two years defending the Wildcats goal, the second as an alternate captain
Haas scored and assisted twice in his first 43-game campaign and totalled 87 penalty minutes, before scoring 10 points (1G+9A) and spending 126 minutes in the box during the 2013-2014 campaign.
The defender then spent one season with Canadian side, Woodstock Slammers in the Maritime Hockey League, where he scored 13 points (4G+9A) and racked up 82 penalty minutes in 41 appearances.
In 2015, Kyle then committed to the University of Windsor for the next four years and iced in a total of 122 for the Lancers.
During his college career, Haas recorded 17 points (1G+16A) and 120 penalty minutes, while also being appointed alternate captain in 2017-2018 and then promoted to captain during his senior year.
The Canadian-born-German then made his professional debut in 2019, when he joined Fort Wayne and in his only ECHL season, he scored two goals, assisted nine times and totalled the league leading 164 penalty minutes from 45 matches.
Therefore, in his career so far, Haas has featured in 384 matches, scored 13 goals, assisted 57 times and has collected 770 penalty minutes.
Kyle is our eighth signing of the summer and joins Drydn Dow, Craig Garrigan, Kris Inglis, Alexandre Ranger, Connor Sills, Craig Moore and Brett Orr on the roster for next season.
You can get your season tickets to watch these eight players and the rest of the team in the 2021-2022 campaign by contacting: [email protected]
Haas will wear the #25 Stars jersey next season.
To view Kyle’s career stats on Elite Prospects click HERE.
Featured & Banner Images: Josh GalesCaravan Canopy 10' x 10' Commercial Grade Canopy Sidewalls
Color: White
Shipping Information
Product Information
The Caravan Canopy® 10' x 10' Commercial Grade Canopy Sidewalls are made from polytaffetta fabric for ultimate protection from winds and rainstorms. Attach the sidewalls to your commercial grade Caravan® 10’ x 10’ canopy with the hooks and loops, protecting your friends and family or event. The middle wall features a zipper creating a convenient entrance and exit.
FEATURES:
- Canopy sidewalls
- Designed to fit commercial grade Caravan® 10’ x 10’ canopies
- Comes with four sturdy walls
- Constructed from polytaffetta fabric
- Attach using the high grade hooks and loops
- Middle wall has a zipper creating an entrance and exit
- Canopy frame and top are not included
- Manufacturer’s warranty: 1 Year Manufacturer Defect
- Country of Origin : United States of America
- Style : 11000212019
- DSG Pro Tips
- Brand : Caravan Canopy
- Web ID: 16CCAU10X10CMMRCLODR
- SKU: 16007174Property Attributes
- MLS#U8139006
- TypePending
- CountyPINELLAS
- CitySt Petersburg
- AreaSt Pete
- NeighborhoodSUMMIT LAWN
- Zip33713
- StyleRanch
- Year Built1951
- Taxes$ 7501
- Price$ 595,000
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage2113
- Lot Size0.44 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
COLDWELL BANKER RESIDENTIAL
Data Source:
Stellar MLS
Property Description
Beautiful corner property on a HUGE lot! This 3/2 main house and 1/1 cottage sit on THREE lots with mature landscaping & fruit trees. Main house renovated in 2020 has an open floorplan, 1350 sq ft, 3 beds, 1 main bath & 1 garage bath, a huge screened porch, plus an office/den that could easily be used as an additional bedroom. Renovations to the main house include gorgeous refinished oak floors, new kitchen, renovated bath, hurricane resistant windows, water heater, and AC (2019). Roof replaced in 2013. Adorable cottage unit is aprx 760 sq ft with 1 bed, 1 bath, plus an office w/ private alley access and carport. The cottage was designed and built by owner & architect in 2013 with solar Tesla Powerwalls for "off the grid" living. The huge yard is perfect for a garden, play area, and even the addition of a pool! Cottage would be rented until 2025, please see Realtor remarks.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolBinary option cme,
Content
The new record, 7, contracts, surpasses the previous record — 7, contracts set on February 27, Strike prices correspond to the Target Federal Funds rate using binary option cme formula of minus the actual Target rate.
For more information, visit the Binary Options section on cbot. About the CBOT As one of the leading global derivative exchanges, the Chicago Board of Trade provides a diverse mix of financial, equity and commodity futures and options-on-futures products.
Building on its www.
Accordingly, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement contained in this press release.
We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All rights reserved.
Smoked Salmon and Cream Cheese
Updated: Oct 23, 2019
Create this locs bagel sandwich using, smoked salmon, your choice of cream cheese, capers and onions. See below for exact ingredients.
Everything bagel can take your sandwich from 4 to 8, on a scale from 1-10. Give me some onion and chive cream cheese, coffee and I am in heaven!
Ingredients
Smoked Salmon, thinly sliced
Cream Cheese, 2 tablespoons
Capers, 1 tablespoon
Mild Onions, 1/4 cup
1 bagel, cut in halves
Chai seeds, sprinkle
Cucumbers, optional
Prep Time: 6m
Cook Time: 2m
Total Time: 8m
Serves: 1
Instructions:
Place bagel in toaster.
While bagel is toasting, cut a thin slice of mild onion, cut slice into a half.
Once bagel is toasted, spread cream cheese or substitute on bread then smoked salmon, mild onions, and capers (optional - add cucumbers). Sprinkle chai seeds to garnish.Where Is Coushatta Casino In Louisiana
All slots and table games are open. Re-opening Details. 248,047 likes · 2,942 talking about this · 300,687 were here. Coushatta is the largest casino resort in Louisiana with thousands of slots, over 65 table games,. Check Your Club Card Balance. Due to special circumstances, some facilities may not be open at this time. Play the largest gaming floor in Southwest Louisiana. Coushatta is the proud casino rama texas hold em poker tournament september 10 winner of nine awards in the where is coushatta casino in louisiana Southern Gaming magazine 2020 Readers’ Choice Awards! 1 2.
Reservations. We have lots of wide-open gaming space – so come where is coushatta casino in louisiana play your favorite slots and table games while practicing social distancing! On the go? It is situated on the east bank of the Red River.The community is approximately forty-five miles south of Shreveport on U.S. We even have areas just for kids because we want everyone to have a good time. World Gambling. If you’re looking for a great way to unwind and enjoy the. slot online Louisiana Gambling.
- best casinos for cougars in las vegas
- supreme play casino no deposit bonus
- casino juan les pins palais des congres
- when will construction start on the wilton rancheria casino
- can las vegas casinos determine heart rate
- casino royale online subtitrat in romana hd
- los tucanes de tijuana la chona casino puerto varasIn the 13th century, the Mongol Empire was the largest global empire in the world that spanned across Europe and Asia, and through a system of Pax Monoglica (“Mongol Peace”) which allowed for the transcontinental trade of technologies, commodities and ideologies through the inception of the Silk Road. Founded by Genghis Khan, who unified and brought stability in a region where there were many warring tribes, the Mongol Empire would serve as an influential model for the rise of the Ming Dynasty and what is now known as modern China.
Currently, as China is launching the Silk Road 2.0 via The One Belt, One Road Plan that will connect Asia with Africa and Europe in a series of trade routes, the question of how North Korea will fit into the global landscape of trade will come into play. During the 1990s, President Bill Clinton was largely responsible for opening trade relations with China, and in 2000, he signed the US-China Relations Act, which allowed for a permanent, normal trade relations with China.
Although, China transformed from a communist nation to revert back to its capitalistic era of the Ming Dynasty through its alliance with the United States; and in a similar way, as South Korea transformed from a primarily rural nation into a high tech nation in the span of just three decades, North Korea remained insular, paralysed by sanctions and resisted external influence.
The Road (2009, dir: John Hillcoat) based on the novel by Cormac McCarthy. The Road tells the story of a father and his young son, attempting to escape a famine in the North to try to find their salvation towards the South on the road to freedom in a tale that parallels the stories of North Korean refugees.
However, as President Trump has opened a dialogue with North Korea, after decades of being shut off from diplomatic relations, this represents a revolutionary, new era for the nation in which North Korea can transform from a rogue nation to one that is connected to the global landscape of trade.
So what has McDonald’s got to do with the upcoming North Korean-US Summit in June 2018?
A SYMBOL OF GLOBAL ENTERPRISE
Since the end of the Cold War, McDonald’s has become an eponymous symbol of enterprise, liberal values, and global trade. There is a McDonald’s in nearly every nation, from the vegetarian branches in India to the ones with marble floors and grand pianos in the Czech Republic, to the exotic McDonald’s in Yanshuo, China and the architecturally stunning Galleria Vittoria Emanuelle in Milan to the recreation of the original 1950’s McDonald’s drive through in Ulsan, South Korea, McDonald’s has had an international presence which also stands for peace and global trade.
McDonald's in Ulsan, South Korea, modeled after the original 1950's McDonald's Drive-through with a futuristic Jetson's aesthetic.
However, the nations that currently do not have a McDonald’s are: Libya, Syria, Iran and North Korea. Although Iran originally opened a McDonald’s in 1971, by 1979 it was closed due to the Islamic Revolution when all foreign corporations were forced out of the country. In addition, Iraq also did not have a McDonald’s until the Iraq War in 2006 when one was built for US Soldiers on one of their camp bases in Baghdad.
There appears to be a distinct pattern in the fates of nations in which McDonald’s and other foreign corporations are prevented from entering their market.
HOW NORTH KOREA CAN AVOID THE FATE OF LIBYA AND IRAQ
Recently, North Korea issued a statement that they did not want “unilateral nuclear abandonment” due to their fear that they will end up like Libya and Iraq in which they expressed that nuclear abandonment had lead to their demise. North Korea’s foreign minister had said that nuclear abandonment was “an invasion tactic to disarm the country”.
However, the key difference is that in Libya and Iraq, due to strong anti-foreign sentiment and the insular propaganda that defined their regimes, foreign corporations were not able to enter their market at all. These nations were closed to global trade with the US, and prevented US corporations from entering their market. Whereas, in nations such as China, South Korea and Saudi Arabia, they readily opened their shores for business in exchange of technologies, commodities, investment and ideologies which has lead to the expansion of wealth.
“He would be in his country, he would be running his country, his country would be very rich.”
- President Trump doesn’t beat around with fancy words when asked about Kim Jong Un and making a deal at the North Korean Summit
The US has guaranteed safety for Kim Jong Un and said they do not seek a regime change in the nation. Kim Jong Un is a young millennial who was educated in Switzerland, and may have a different mindset from that of his predecessors; he is a fan of basketball, US television shows, such as a The Family Guy and has been quoted by Dennis Rodman that “[Kim Jong Un] doesn’t want a nuclear war”.
ATHLETES AS DIPLOMATS
It used to be that stuffy men in suits would shuffle back and forth during expansive formal dinners to discuss world affairs to keep relationships in check as part of diplomacy, and this part still remains the core practice today. But something radical began during the Obama Administration in which an athlete, a basketball star, Dennis Rodman was granted access to visit North Korea by the state department.
Dennis Rodman, in an appearance on the Stephen Colbert show last year, in which he wore a t-shirt with the words: Unite with a picture of himself in between President Trump and Kim Jong Un.
In 2013, Dennis Rodman visited North Korea for the first time, as a personal guest of Kim Jong Un, who is an avid fan of basketball. They developed a friendship over time and cultivated a relationship that moved past the formal pleasantries of ambassadors and diplomats to one that advocated unity.
Through Dennis Rodman, the US got a glimpse into the rogue nation: marijuana was legal there and everyone smoked it; despite reports in the US media that Kim Jong Un had assassinated his uncle to remain in power, Rodman reported that his uncle was there with him the entire time. Rodman also said, “[Kim Jong Un] is just a kid who inherited his family’s political power”. The wall of silence between the US and North Korea began to lift and the seeds of peace became cultivated to the present day, in which, President Trump, in a revolutionary break with tradition, said he would meet with North Korean leaders for the first time in history since the Korean War stalemate in 1953 and gave North and South Korea, “blessings for peace”.
THE PARLIAMENTARY MONARCHY AS A NEW MODEL FOR NORTH KOREA
As absolute monarchies and the practice of primogeniture were being overthrown in Europe and Asia in favour of communism during the turn of the century, Queen Elizabeth II did something remarkable that saved the monarchy from an uncertain fate. She transitioned the monarchy from a constitutional monarchy to that of a parliamentary monarchy in which she had ceded her power. Although, the current role of the British Monarch is ceremonial in nature, Queen Elizabeth II retained her titular position and influence over the nation, and continues to have a close relationship with the Prime Minister and acts as adviser on matters of national interest whilst keeping the historical traditions of the nation alive.
It was reported that nearly 2 billion people worldwide watched the Royal Wedding between Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, an American divorcée, over the weekend; an unprecedented viewing for any Royal Wedding. The Royal Wedding between Prince Harry and Meghan Markle not only captured the hearts of people worldwide but reiterated the UK’s special relationship with the US, and has launched the monarchy into its highest popularity rating ever in the US, Canada and Australia, and set to generate more than £1 billion in tourism, retail, fashion, merchandising and PR value for brands, according to accountancy firm Brand Finance.
This kind of exertion of soft power (eg, power through influence, branding, cultural values, education and media) should serve as a guide for Kim Jong Un, and the model which could be integrated with South Korea, should a reunification of the Korean peninsula occur within the next 10 years.
From an once oppressive regime that followed Stalin’s model of labour camps, censorship and punishment without regard to human rights, Kim Jong Un, now stands at a crossroads, in which he could alter the path of despotism that his family has inherited from the influence of the former Soviet Union to transition his nation towards a modern, constitutional model that resembles Queen Elizabeth II’s United Kingdom, in which, his family would ascend to become the titular role models to become advocates for architecture, art, charitable causes, humanitarianism, education, women’s rights and health care.
The Gulag Archipelago details life in a Soviet forced labour camp, the model which has served North Korea's labour camps. Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn was a Russian novelist, historian, and short story writer. He was an outspoken critic of the Soviet Union and communism and helped to raise global awareness of its gulag forced labor camp system and won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1970.
This is a path that would separate North Korea from an uncertain fate such as that of Libya, Iraq, Syria and Iran and one that separates the Kim Jong Un family from the Husseins and Gaddafis to one that opens its doors to global trade, embraces the liberal values of the global world and leaves a lasting legacy on the Korean peninsula.We’re well past the halfway point now, into the final 10 levels. Check out the video below where we use 2 birds for 3 stars and 158310 points.
We start with Stella in a medium arc to bounce off of the wooden triangle in the far structure and fall into the gap in the walls beyond. Wait as bubbly madness ensues and debris is scattered everywhere. The near structure is completely obliterated. Next, Chuck goes a little lower, speeding into the base of what’s left and sending the whole mess off to the right. 2 birds – 20K!
A middling score of 147k, but as proof of 1-bird concept, I sent Stella high into same gap rather than more horizontal like walkthrough and it all came tumbling down!
I took you advice and after about 10 attempts I got it, same technique. Thanks for the advice @captrec!
Congrats on the trophy @plaistergal !?
Nice flinging !
WTG @plaistergal! Always glad to help a fellow nester. Especially when it means a shiny new trophy!
To @sweetP – High score picture #2:
@plaistergal, could you please upload a screenshot of the three-star tally window to provide proof of your awesome score. It is customary and required to earn the high score trophy.
Thank you,
Your @admins
Just saw this will upload. Just have to remember how it has been a long time. Give me half an hour @admins.
Link to high score pic.
@admins looks like Plaistergal sent power ups to obtain the score. Lightening bolt on the three star screen proves they were used. Score should be discarded.
I would flag everyone to karen68!
@wrw01
You are absolutely right about the lightening bolt. So I removed the score.
@plaistergal please read again our rules about what’s allowed and what isn’t.
Cc @admins
Congratulations, the walkthrough is pretty much 100% perfect in how this level should be cleared, and how I want to clear it, but I will list a few of the frustrations I am having that I am sure others will identify with.
1) – The trio of crevice glass sheets stand up to a bombardment of several tons of rubble and still remain intact.
2) – The left ledge structure does not break or slide.
3) – The smiling piggy swinging around from the axe head when all other elements are nailed.
4) – The right side runestone on the upper right ledge nearly always remains, making the nailing of the pear and debris slide a lot harder.
The fun outweighs these frustrations though, so back to flinging Stella ?
@habanero, totally agree. I am feeling your pain!
all of the above @habanero !! hard to say which is the most frustrating
i have to go with the stunting swinging pigm on the end of the hammer, which triesb and tries to raise up but just can’t quite get it, then it finally does and The hammer breaks b without killing the pig under the ledge !!
These Ragnahog levels just have me off my game for some reason. I play the new level. I think I’ve found the best method and that I’ve got a good score. Then I come here and find out that my “good” score is 10K-15K below AVERAGE. Thanks to those who are posting the actual best method of completing these levels!
Hey, you’re ahead of me! I keep throwing pink bu** down that crevice, she does her thing, and both the left and right towers are still sitting there rock solid with their piggies sneering at me. And that clown down below is swinging around in the air like an idiot. :)
Well, I’m going to take my 149 and walk away. This one was fun though – a lot of “stuff” going on.
I started having Stella just pickup the 4 stones at the top rather than go down the chute. The left side won’t fall with this, but yella will take care of that if you get lucky with the right side.
Someone will luck out and get a 1-Birder here as I’ve been close several times in just 30mins now!
@andy-2 see my post above. The question is whether someone meone can pull it off for the 165ish score.
Wish I’d taken a screenshot of one of them now @captrec but they were before I came here after I got my highest score.
Yes, @captrec @andy-2 – I am sure it could happen but I always think the outcome of a Stella shot is always the least controllable of all the birds … ? Something close to the walk through would see me happy.
1-Birder for 140k with it timing out as all the debris was still slowly falling & sliding down to the left! Could of been spectacular!
@andy-2 @captrec – also got a 1-birder but syoll trying to work out why it only gave me 146k. There are levels that are not your friend, think this one is my payback for the quick highscore on Level 14. May give up soon as it is getting annoying ?
@andy-2 and @habanero, it looks like a high score 1-birder is a pipe dream.
I’m still hoping to get better with the 2-birds like the walkthrough.
And, then it happened!
WTG @captrec.
Difficult to replicate the video and the 1 bird option. I managed a 3 birder so far for 152540. Keep on flinging.
Woohooo at last a score close to the highest!!!
No one seems to have mentioned the instability on this level, so thought I might as well. The right side sways quite regularly on one occasion it fell over on it’s own before I flung a bird. It’s such an arbitrary level anyway but I think there is a potential for an advantage as it’s often the top right area that gets left over even after a good first bird. Just wondered if anyone else had seen it.
151240/3
Stella into the gap, Chuck to clean up the upper right, and Tony to take care of the pigs under the glass.Now you can build your list by using your Affiliate Links – all on autopilot. If you are into building your mailing list, this software is for you! To fully know how this one works, pick a website and enter its web address into the box below, then click the button.
You can choose any website. It may be your site or any site that you want. There are no tricks this time, so there’s no need to worry. What will happen next is that a new browser window will open that will show your chosen website with one big difference. The opt-in signup form will appear right over the top of the website.
Category: Affiliate Marketing
The Nationwide Tour is in Utah this week at Willow Creek Country Club for the Utah Championship. I’ve never been to this event, as media or as a spectator. I’m looking forward to attending the Utah Championship this week as both, but primarily as a blogger and photographer.
I won’t be doing “full time” coverage every day, but I’ll be doing some posts and photos. I’m especially looking forward to seeing how some players who I know will fare. My pal Luke Swilor made it into the tourney by Monday qualifying, as did local Polynesian golf phenom Tony Finau. Remember that Finau was on Golf Channel’s Big Break show? That kid can hit it a mile.
Notables in the field
There are a few notables in the field other than the locals. Ty Tryon, Dickie Pride, Bob May, Ted Purdy, Brett Quigley, Daniel Chopra, Peter Lonard are a few.
Also looking forward to seeing some “future” PGA Tour players. Some players who won here in Utah before the became big names include Zach Johnson and John Daly. Who’s next?
The Course
Willow Creek is a very nice, tree lined course. I’ve played it many times. Check out the HOG Willow Creek CC image gallery for pictures.Next week at Maine Crime Writers there will be posts by William Andrews (Monday), Kate Flora (Tuesday), Kaitlyn Dunnett/Kathy Lynn Emerson (Thursday) and Charlene D’Avanzo (Friday).
In the news department, here’s what’s happening with some of us who blog regularly at Maine Crime Writers:
from Susan Vaughan: On Win a Book Wednesday 6/16, I’ll be giving away 2 copies of Always a Suspect. This month is the 20th anniversary of my first sale to Harlequin Books. Always was originally published as Dangerous Attraction. I’ve updated the technology, but mostly it’s the same story. Hope to see you Wednesday!
I’m writing a book right now for my first time. the songs from the new album around the UK in their ‘Anniversary Tour’ visiting 30 theatres over the next few months. Is sex compulsion an ailment or a reason for unethical conduct? There is regularly no unmistakable response to this question when individuals start talking about the issue. Notwithstanding, there are individuals that need proficient help since they are not ready to adapt to their sexual urges themselves. Tickets are available via the ‘Buy Tickets’ section of this website.
Hitting number one, with an album that BLAKE made independently made on their own record label really is a dream come true for Stephen, Ollie and Humphrey, who were last at the top of the charts in 2010 with their 3rd album ‘Together’. Coming back eight years later to repeat that achievement was made possible through the incredible support of BLAKE’s fans around the world, who pre-ordered the album on both PledgeMusic and Amazon, along with spreading news of the record far and wide. Media personalities & friends of the group hit Twitter, Instagram and Facebook to lend huge support too, including Carol Vorderman, Alexandra Burke, Joe Mcfadden, Lee Mead, Mcfly, Gaby Roslin, Camilla Kerslake & Jamie Laing, along with other independent classical-crossover artists keen to help the trio capture the top spot. Thank you everyone!
If you’d like to enjoy the music from the album as it was designed to be heard, then be sure to book tickets for the trio’s current UK tour via this website. The show features eight songs from the new album, plus twelve classics from their earlier records and 4 fully accoustic numbers, along with huge projections, atmospheric lighting & the boys famously off-piste banter. The boys really enjoy being on tour, on stage and singing live, so don’t miss them in this huge celebration tour around the UK.
5 COMMENTS
Sherrill Klaus said:
Monday, 9th April 2018, 2:13 am (GMT)
You’re always #1 with me! I love and support you♥ I’m looking forward to ‘hearing & seeing’ The Anniversary Album Live in August. Thank you♥
Angela said:
Monday, 9th April 2018, 1:20 pm (GMT)
Would go see them if they were at any theatres in Shropshire but sadly they are not this year! They said they would return to Festival Drayton Centre, Market Drayton last December at their Christmas concert but this appears to be not on the cards now! Too many dates east & south of UK really with nothing in Shropshire or Wales! Most disappointing as album is fantastic, can’t stop playing it & would love to hear the songs live.
Angela said:
Sunday, 15th April 2018, 4:04 pm (GMT)
As no concerts in Shropshire we took off to see Blake at Redditch & they were fantastic! A wonderful concert !
I would say though that only 7 songs were from the new album & not 8 as stated above, all utterly brilliant! There were 4 accoustic numbers but only 8 of their old classics & not 12 as above! 19 songs in total & not 24 as indicated there would be but all superb, a good mix of songs to suit all tastes. Very enjoyable.
Shirley-Anne collier said:
Saturday, 21st April 2018, 10:21 am (GMT)
I loved the Anniversary Show on 12th April. So good to see you all. Loving playing the album!! Hope to see you all in July. Shirley…
Rachel sergeant said:
Saturday, 5th May 2018, 12:12 pm (GMT)
Well that’s makes me happy seemingly good news all around for our fans and fellow boys of mine makes us proud of what w e doNews article
Group Manager, Quality Assurance and Safety, Emma Prestidge says the Ministry of Health and Standards New Zealand have worked together, with the health and disability sector, to review the existing Standards, which set the requirements for providers and aim to ensure a consistent level of care across health and disability services.
“This consultation is the last step in a highly collaborative process. We have sought input from people who use services, professionals, and providers throughout the review process, to ensure the revised version is fit-for-purpose, flexible enough to adapt to changing models of care, and reflect people’s views and health and support needs. We also adopted a Tiriti o Waitangi approach to ensure the revised Standard supported service providers to better meet the needs of Māori. This required establishing a robust governance framework and included an initial sector consultation, scoping workshops, and working groups, and I’d like to take this opportunity to thank all involved,” says Ms Prestidge.
The new Standard combines and incorporates four existing Standards: the Health and Disability Services Standard, the Fertility Services Standard, the Home and Community Support Sector Standard and the Interim-Standards for Abortion in New Zealand*.
This revised Standard reflects the shift towards more person- and whānau-centred health and disability services. People are empowered to make decisions about their own care and support in order to achieve their goals, with a stronger focus on outcomes for people receiving support.
The revised standard also changes the framework to separate high-level overarching criteria that apply to all services from service-specific guidance on how the criteria may be met across the various health and disability service settings. This will allow the Ministry of Health to update the service-specific guidance more frequently as models of care change.
To make a submission or to find out more, visit the Standards New Zealand website – DZ 8134:2020 (Committee P8134 Health and disability services).
Submissions close 13 January 2021.
*In March 2020, the Abortion Legislation Act 2020 was passed and responsibility for abortion services changed from the Ministry of Justice to the Ministry of Health. At this time, it was decided that abortion services would be included in the Health and disability services standard.emacs-ctable 0.1.2-6 source package in Ubuntu
Changelog
emacs-ctable (0.1.2-6) unstable; urgency=medium [ David Krauser ] * Update maintainer email address [ Lev Lamberov ] * Add upstream metadata * Migrate to dh 13 without d/compat * d/control: Declare Standards-Version 4.5.1 (no changes needed) * d/control: Add Rules-Requires-Root: no * d/control: Clean Depends and Enhances * d/control: Drop Built-Using field * d/copyright: Bump copyright years * d/rules: Do not pass --parallel to dh -- Lev Lamberov <email address hidden> Thu, 31 Dec 2020 15:23:42 +0500
Upload details
- Uploaded by:
- Debian Emacsen team
- Original maintainer:
- Debian Emacsen team
- Architectures:
- all
- Section:
- misc
- Urgency:
- Medium Urgency
See full publishing history Publishing
Downloads
Available diffs
- diff from 0.1.2-5 to 0.1.2-6 (1.2 KiB)
No changes file available.
Binary packages built by this source
- elpa-ctable: table component for Emacs Lisp
Table component for Emacs Lisp. Emacs Lisp programs can display a nice table
view from an abstract data model. Many Emacs programs have the code for
displaying table views, such as dired, list-process, buffer-list and so on.
This package provides functions and a table framework for the table views.Certain groups of people may come to mind when thinking about telecommuters—namely, moms, military spouses, and disabled workers. But is that really a complete, accurate representation of everyone who works remotely? Who really telecommutes?
FlexJobs recently collaborated with Global Workplace Analytics to take an in-depth look at the state of telecommuting in the U.S. Using data from the Global Workplace Analytics and FlexJobs report, “The 2017 State of Telecommuting in the U.S. Employee Workforce,” we’re digging into the question of who really telecommutes by looking at gender, age, education, and more.
Who really telecommutes?
Gender
Helping to dispel the stereotype of work-from-home moms as the primary telecommuters, the report states, “Work-at-home participation is roughly equal between the genders. Fifty-two percent are female (compared to 48% of the total workforce). This split has changed little over the past decade.”
Age
Debunking the myth that young people are primary telecommuters, the report found that telecommuting is more common among employees over 35 years of age and most common among baby boomers.
Here’s a look at what percentage of each age group telecommutes vs. those who don’t:
- Ages 16-24: 10% telecommute vs. 14% non-telecommuter
- Ages 25-24: 17% telecommute vs. 23% non-telecommuter
- Ages 35-44: 23% telecommute vs. 21% non-telecommuter
- Ages 45-54: 24% telecommute vs. 21% non-telecommuter
- Ages 55-64: 19% telecommute vs. 16% non-telecommuter
- Ages 65+: 8% telecommute vs. 4% non-telecommuter
Education Level
Overall, most telecommuters have a bachelor’s degree (35%), followed by some college or an associate’s degree (27%).
- 20% of telecommuters have a high school diploma
- 27% of telecommuters have some college or an associate’s degree
- 35% have a bachelor’s degree
- 19% have a graduate’s degree
Occupation and Industry
Certain jobs and industries can lend themselves well to remote work. The FlexJobs and Global Workplace Analytics report compiled the top jobs of telecommuters and the top industries, as well.
Top five occupations of telecommuters:
- Management: 16%
- Office & Admin Support: 14%
- Sales & Related: 13%
- Business & Financial Operations: 9%
- Computer & Mathematical: 9%
Top five industries for telecommuters:
- Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services: 17%
- Healthcare & Social Assistance: 11.6%
- Finance & Insurance: 9.7%
- Manufacturing: 8.5%
- Educational Services: 7.5%
Location
The top locations with the most telecommuters may be surprising. Major cities like New York and Chicago didn’t make the top of the list.
Top five metro areas with the highest percentage of telecommuters:
- Tampa/St. Petersburg/Clearwater, FL
- Kansas City, MO/KS
- Dallas/Ft. Worth/Arlington, TX
- Austin/Round Rock, TX
- Charlotte/Concord/Gastonia, NC/SC
Overall, telecommuting has increased 115% since 2005, showing that demand is increasing. For our 2017 Super Survey, FlexJobs surveyed 5,551 respondents on the topic of telecommuting. When asked, “Have you ever telecommuted, either officially or unofficially?” 26% said they have telecommuted full-time; 21% said they have telecommuted part of the time; and 22% said they have telecommuted on occasion.
When asked, “What are the most important factors you consider when evaluating a job prospect?” 60% of all respondents said telecommuting.
The FlexJobs and Global Workplace Analytics report shows that telecommuting is everywhere and touches each age group. Continued demand of flexible work options from job seekers will likely continue to fuel the upward trend.
Interested in finding a part-time, telecommute, or flexible schedule job? Sign up for FlexJobs today!
Photo Credit: bigstockphoto.com
Don't forget to share this article with friends!
Jennifer from Queen Creek, AZ
Just purchased the Monthly plan
Shweta from Tallawong, Nsw
Just purchased the Monthly plan
Ian from Snoqualmie, WA
Just purchased the 3 - Month plan
Ashley from Richmond, VA
Just purchased the Monthly plan
Erin from West Des Moines, IA
Just purchased the Yearly plan
Lou from High Point, NC
Just purchased the Monthly plan
Bryan from Everett, MA
Just purchased the 3 - Month plan
Rebecca from Kettle Falls, WA
Just purchased the Yearly plan
Marcene from Santa Cruz, CA
Just purchased the 3 - Month plan
Chisom from Richmond, TX
Just purchased the Monthly planFiverr and Upwork have become some of the most popular ways to make money online. Each has a very distinct means of providing services and each has its fair share of advantages and disadvantages. The ideal response is Upwork definitely wins out, however. So what makes them such a excellent proficient freelancer, which is always a risk on your part since you can read these reviews and get a sense of how the freelancer acts, what their strengths and weaknesses are, etc.. This information can be extremely valuable when it comes to hiring someone who talking with has done excellent work with them. If you don’t know where to look for comments, you can always ask for a Fiverr or Upwork freelance review. In any event, you will people using these sites to sell products or services, there’s an excellent chance that there will be people out there who are trying to rip you off. Because you can’t.Shipping & Returns
When will I get my order?
This is a limited time PRE-ORDER sale, and all orders are expected to ship 6-8 weeks after the conclusion of the sale. When this limited sale ends, we will produce exactly the number of items sold and deliver orders once production is complete. This prevents wasteful excess inventory and it means that each product is exclusive and extremely limited.
Once production is completed, orders ship. We expect all shipments to arrive 2-6 days after shipping, depending on geographical location. For international orders, customs clearance may delay delivery further. You will receive an email when your order ships, and it will include tracking info and expected delivery date.
My tracking information is incorrect
Once your order has left our facility, we no longer have any contact or control over it and you will need to contact the courier directly to obtain additional information. If an order has been marked as delivered, we have no control over it's whereabouts and you will need to contact the courier directly with any questions or concerns you may have.
What's your return policy?
All sales are final. If you receive damaged goods or the wrong size/order, please email info@shopmollybaz.com with the order number and name so we can resolve your situation quickly and smoothly. We reserve the right to cancel and refund any order that is deemed fraudulent by Shopify’s payment system. NOTE: There is a five-day grace period upon receipt of item to contact us about damaged or wrong items.
Can I cancel my order?
As long as your order has not yet shipped, you are welcome to cancel it. Just send an email to info@shopmollybaz.com with your order number and the email address you used to place your order and let us know that you would like to cancel your order and receive a refund.
What payment methods do you accept?
We accept most major credit cards (including Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, JCB, and Diner's Club) as well as PayPal, Apple Pay, and Google Pay.
Where do you ship from?
All orders will ship from our warehouse in Los Angeles.
Who should I contact if I have further questions?
Please contact us at info@shopmollybaz.com and we will get back to you as soon as possible.Sudo was created in 1996 to improve the Willemo factory. The panthere de cartier watch replica first plant construction has obtained a quality certification. History, History, Crafts, Culture and Other Culture.
This chain is specially designed as pointed functions such as stone edges, focusing on identity identity. This is a new knowledge and a new vision. People will say “strange”. This time is fast and unusual. North America, the road is launched silver jewelry from anyone at the meeting.Join forces cartier replica watches swiss movement such as Fyta, Jeep, Verus Watch, such as Fyta Booguan Group, Kashidge, Avert. Combine previous positions and functions in the ideal system today.We finally discovered Alibaba’s sales. fake cartier watches If the price is 1000 yuan, it is $ 9 9. Can you enter $ 8. Chinese families are only available for international names. Art must overcome the study of classical life.
The main criteria are competition in accordance with the needs of customers. Go to the best method of Hong Kong. The American pilot Adamford cartier juste un clou real vs fake (Land Adamata) bees is from the BES competition. In the 1930s, a beautiful and elegant woman created a beautiful photo. This clock is a very special device. All local beers, but not easy to se. In winter, workers must heat paraffin heaters. The most common polishing mode is a good rotation. The international version of Chen Dubai was held in Chengdu on April 6, 2014.The Panerai game is a combination of research and activity. Based on the famous days, guests and colleagues watch this luxurious and beautiful palace.
By default, anytime, anywher. Switzerland is a reliable movement and a random style and a comfortable combination.
There is also a modern gym, a modern gym, 2000 square meters, including an indoor pool.In order to increase the exchange of ship C De Cartier Bag Replica equipment, the shape of the silicone will be exchanged. Rado Adam recently announced that he announced that he was missing the partnership between fecal material and three years. Move the scene six times and master them.
Switzerland is one of the most beautiful characters in my heart. This year, through images, improvements are improved by light and shade. It’s a good idea of the experts. Cute ash, hour and accurat.
Our dreams come from our calm friends to pay attention to the Mother’s Day. There is a future container. Advanced Fashion Ceramic Ceramic Br – First Women’s Watc. This is the first list of 1815, with the exception of platinum, black, chest and steps. 40 mm in diameter, 904 LF – steel resistance. Street Holdings Limisd Jones The Saar provides valid management services. Average average time (GMT.
These bags are based on bags on a pocket watch developed by Agussi Agassi. Such as Lolax Brothers, the brothers are united. This is free between traffic and daily support.
Cartier Diver Replica
The 18K stainless steel heating equipment is an ideal organization and bracelet.I think it’s like me. Many people can find oranges about their children. Find a passion. Automatic transmission box L922.13SAX-0 is not flexible. An C De Cartier Bag Replica adult dropped out of tears and tears. This update provides energy saving lamps in a beautiful call.In fact, the plastic calendar can be a large agent. The eighth barrier of the last round.
Classic keyboard and cloc. Lurry is known for the modern project, but the emphasis on the RD brand on the road. A new innovative design has created a regular future and gave me in 1987. And the quality during the work of the clock, the class is jus. Traditional neighbors: Plywood and automatic dental decoration, glass support reflects the traditional German watc. All jobs have been carefully developed. There is a sacred handle of the room. Time and average time 3 using Rolex authentication appears in the lifting position. It will become fashionable when it is placed around the clock.
Fake Cartier Watch How To Spot
Jasser Monitor was created in 1990. The story of the old airline of Athen. In the high-tech ceramics industries. Although global stability, in addition to the clock, this couple also likes this world. If the customer does not receive client commands, it will appear. Designers create a unique group. Stainless steel box, open the silver circui.
Please publish the nearest view. Wearing an unknown British tool, beautiful face, flying woma. At the same time, the designer of the Lange series became 1.It is a very beautiful diamond, there is a face. It is an important C De Cartier Bag Replica choice for short-term education and C De Cartier Bag Replica Asman. Typically, long hours of work have increased the function before a complete stop. The structure of the diameter is the same. However, it is slightly higher than that of C De Cartier Bag Replica P. Sports 9100, 26 increases. It also defines many factors. Future home appliances have introduced new materials. After 2016, there are seven steels and ceramics with replica cartier watches honey and various functions.
You can check the date date and tracking before the long foot of 1869. It was not 150 years old. On the traditional clock c de cartier bag replica surface, you will definitely confirm the tim. Of Tissot Nimmy Hayden sport and enthusiasm. Demith should learn C De Cartier Bag Replica on the market purchased the second product you need and understand the second product market. I will continue this year this year. Winter impac. The current market is currently aware of this non-welded attribute, “leads to the highest quality.This year’s great calendar column takes a lot of time. Provide power storage 44 hours and 18K platinu. You can delete an API and delete opposite emotions.I have visited the State of Wyoming twice in my life.
Both times were time bound.
In this blog I will share you the first part of my first time
The first time I visited “the Equality State” was back in 2012 with three lively ladies. We flew from Los Angeles and landed in Salt Lake City on a Friday night. From there we picked up the rental car and started the long drive to Jackson Hole which was 4.30 hours away.
A long night ahead but we were all filled with excitement. If we would drive at a constant speed and make short and calculated stops we would made it by midnight.
That plan fell apart on our first stop of the night.
We managed to waste an hour of our time to eat and get gas. But it was all worth it.
We continued our drive and had to get off the Interstate 15 at one point and that’s where the exciting part started with only an empty road and complete darkness ahead of us. And very occasionally a little village.
We passed by one of those villages and there was a bar that was still open. We looked at each other and realized our precious night sleep would be crap anyways so decided to get a shot at a real cowboy bar. The parking lot was pretty full so we expected that the place would be busy until we walked in and saw nothing but a loving couple at the bar and a drunken waitress.
We had a couple shots (DD not included) and decided to continue our drive until an cowboy walked towards us from the back of the bar and told us to join the fun upstairs… So that’s where the party was happening. We got upstairs and couldn’t believe our eyes when we walked into a western brothel.
We turned around and got back to the car.
Welcome to Wyoming.
And that was only the beginning.
We arrived in Jackson Hole around 2 AM and tried to look for our hotel. We came to realize that our hotel wasn’t located in the historic downtown area of Jackson Hole but its nearby village, Teton Village.
We slept for 3 hours, got ready, had breakfast and hit the road again.
We started in Teton Village where we took the aerial tram up to the top of Rendez Vous Mountain. From the top you have awesome views and great hiking trails. Or you can just be crazy and paraglide down the mountain.
Around noon we had a reservation with Dave Hansen Whitewater and Scenic River Trips. They are located Downtown Jackson Hole. The staff was fantastic and the experience unforgettable ! We had a blast whitewater rafting and I would recommend this activity to anyone. Fun guaranteed !
Late in the afternoon we got back to the car and had another long drive ahead of us direction Yellowstone.
We were blessed to drive along US highway 89 with a marvelous view of the Tetons of Grand Teton National Park to our left. A place I was able to explore last year and now belongs to one of my favourite National Parks.
To be continuedRoot dropped twice as England make steady start in fifth Ashes Test
Issued on:
London (AFP) –
Joe Root was dropped twice as England made a steady start on the opening day of the final Ashes Test at the Oval on Thursday, reaching 86-1 at lunch.
Visiting captain Tim Paine asked the home side to bat, hoping his bowlers could take advantage of early overcast conditions in south London but will rue the two bad fumbles.
Joe Denly and Rory Burns had to dig deep to keep lively Australian pace pair Pat Cummins and Josh Hazlewood at bay in the testing opening overs.
England had an early scare when Burns was given out lbw with the score on just seven but successfully reviewed the decision, with the ball tracker showing it was going over the stumps.
But Australia did not have to wait long for a breakthrough, with Cummins removing Denly in the ninth over to leave England 27-1.
The batsman pushed unnecessarily at a wide one and Steve Smith held on to complete a juggling catch at second slip.
That brought captain Root to the crease, with the England captain keen to make amends after an inconsistent series.
But the skipper had an astonishing let-off when, on 24, he top-edged a pull off Cummins to deep fine leg, only for the recalled Peter Siddle to drop a straightforward catch, much to the delight of the nearby crowd.
In Cummins' next over Root again had a huge let-off when wicketkeeper Paine failed to cling on to a one-handed chance high to his right.
At the lunch break, Burns was 42 not out, with Root unbeaten on 28.
Australia won at Old Trafford last week to take a 2-1 lead in the five-match series, meaning they will retain the urn regardless of the result at the Oval.
But Paine said his side were "very hungry" to complete the job and win their first Test series in England since 2001. Siddle were brought in for the tourists, with batsman Travis Head and paceman Mitchell Starc missing out.
For England, Ben Stokes is playing as a specialist batsman due to a shoulder injury. All-rounders Sam Curran and Chris Woakes replaced Jason Roy and Craig Overton.
© 2019 AFP$10.00
Electronic gift card Usable up to balance to purchase goods at local Kee Wah Bakery locations in San Francisco Bay Area ONLY and its online store,. NOT VALID AT OTHER OUT-OF-AREA LOCATIONS such as Los Angeles and Hong Kong and their affiliated online stores.
Not redeemable for cash unless required by law. Not reloadable. Not refundable. Not replaceable if lost or stolen. Cannot be redeemed on products that are on any in-store promotions or purchase of gift cards.Fashion and lifestyle brand Lisa Perry and contemporary artist Jeff Koons have released a collaborative collection of fashions that incorporate some of Koons’ most well known artworks with Lisa Perry’s style. The limited edition collection presently consists of three fabulous dresses, a jacket and a set of bangle bracelets.
Jeff Koons and Lisa Perry Collaborate
Below are the new pieces and the original artwork that served as the inspiration for each design as well as the prices. (all composites by If It’s Hip, It’s Here)
Loopy Painting and Loopy Dress ($2195):
The collection on display in the Lisa Perry New York boutique:
Sponsored LinksThe Eagle Gate Apartments are located right in the heart of downtown. Named after the neighboring Eagle Gate monument, which rises over State Street and is one of Salt Lake City's most famous landmarks.Right outside your front door are all the important happenings of the downtown community-shopping, business, dining, and entertainment. Befitting from the prestigious location, the architecture has been designed with elegant style. The location encompasses dramatic views of the beautiful city, such as Temple Square, downtown Salt Lake City, and the nearby Wasatch Mountains. The most modern conveniences have been provided with your comfort and safety in mind. All the apartment features provide a lifestyle that is simple and relaxing.
109 E South Temple
Salt Lake City, UT 84111Google Lifts Veil On “Andromeda” Virtual Networking
The biggest public cloud providers have adjacent businesses that actually fund the development of the infrastructure that starts out in their own operations and eventually makes its way into their public cloud. So it is with Google's "Andromeda" software-defined networking stack, which the company was showing off because it is, after all, Interop this week.
The Andromeda network virtualization stack is part of the Google network, which includes a vast content distribution network that spans the globe as well as an OpenFlow-derived wide area network that has similarly been virtualized and which also spans the globe. Amin Vahdat, distinguished engineer and technical lead for networking at Google, revealed in a blog post that after using the Andromeda SDN stack internally on Google's homegrown switches, servers, and storage that it has been adopted as the underpinning of the Cloud Platform public cloud services such as Compute Engine (infrastructure) and App Engine (platform). The news was that Andromeda was the default networking stack in two of the several Cloud Platform regions – us-central1-b and europe-west1-a – and that the company was working to roll it out into the other regions as fast as was practical to make its own life easier and to give customers higher-performing networking for their cloudy infrastructure.
A month ago, at the Open Network Summit, Vahdat gave the keynote address, and he talked quite a bit more about Andromeda than in the blog post and explained how it related to the global network at Google. But before all that, he also explained why it was important to have virtualized, high-bandwidth, low-latency networking available for workloads, and cautioned everyone that the introduction of new technologies that push scale up or out always cause issues. Even at Google, which has no shortage of uber-smart techies.
"In the cloud, you can gain access to the latest hardware infrastructure, at scale and with the expertise to make it work," explained Vahdat. "So I think this is key. Any time you go from 1 Gb/sec to 10 Gb/sec to 40 Gb/sec to 100 Gb/sec, or from disk to flash to phase change memory or whatever your favorite next generation storage infrastructure is, things are going to break. Basically, there are going to be assumptions built throughout your infrastructure that will make it impossible to leverage that new technology. So, you will put in your 40 Gb/sec network, and nothing goes any faster. And in fact, maybe it goes slower. You put in your flash infrastructure, and nothing goes any faster. It takes a huge amount of work to leverage this new technology, and in the cloud you have the opportunity to do it once and reap the benefits across many, many services and customers."
In short, Vahdat says that companies will be attracted to cloud computing because of the on-demand access to compute and storage and utility pricing, but they will stay for a lot of other reasons, chief among them the virtualized networks and related services to monitor, manage, protect, and isolate the links between servers, storage, and the outside world.
By his own definition, software-defined networking means splitting the control plane of the network from the data plane, which allows the independent evolution of both parts of the network stack. By doing so, you can put the control plane on commodity servers (as many networking vendors are starting to do with OpenFlow and other protocols) and use other gear in the data plane. In Google's case, explained Vahdat, Andromeda splits the network virtualization functions between these soft switches above and fabric switches and commodity packet processors that shift the bits around the network.
Andromeda also hooks into cluster routers that link networks to each other within a datacenter or into the B4 wide area network that connects Google's region's together into what is, in effect, a massive virtual Layer 2 network with all of its 1 million plus servers attached. (Yes, Google did this several years ahead of the rest of the IT industry, as it often does with technologies. Those who scale break things first and therefore have to fix things first.)
The B4 WAN is based on homemade routers that have hundreds of ports running at 10 Gb/sec speeds (one of them is shown in the image at the top of this story); they are based on merchant silicon (Google does not say which ASICs it is using) and presumably an X86 processor as well and run Google's own tweaked version of Linux that has been hardened for use in network gear. These G-Scale switches use the open source Quagga BGP stack for WAN connectivity, and have ISIS/IBGP for linking internally to the networks inside Google's datacenters. They have support for the OpenFlow protocol as well. The G-Scale machines have hardware fault tolerance and have multiple terabits per second of switching bandwidth. The WAN has two backbones: the outward facing one that links into the Internet and content distribution networks and the internal one that is used for Google's own workloads, which includes a slew of things aside from its search engine and Cloud Platform.
Google has done away with a slew of boxes in the middle that provide load balancing, access control, firewalls, network address translation, denial of service attack mitigation, and other services. All of this specialized hardware complicates the topology of the network, said Vahdat, and it also makes maintenance and monitoring of the network difficult. Importantly, storage is not something that hangs off a server in the Google network, but is rather a service that is exposed as storage right on the network itself, and systems at any Google region can access it over the LAN or WAN links. (Well, if they have permission, that is.)."
Having talked about the theory of network virtualization and SDN, Vahdat explained in a very concrete way why virtualizing the network along with compute and storage was key, particularly for Cloud Platform, which will have workloads that Google cannot control or predict so easily.
Not too far in the future, this is what the underpinnings of a cloud is going to look like:
A compute node with two sockets will have 32 cores running at around 2.5 GHz or so, and using the other Amdahl Law – you should have 1 Mb/sec of I/O bandwidth for every 1 MHz of computation for a balanced system, that puts you on the order of 100 Gb/sec coming out of that server node. The storage disaggregated from the server will be terabytes of flash, with 100,000s of I/O operations per second and 100 microseconds of access time. A cluster will have perhaps 1,000 virtual machines and to get balance between the systems and the storage, that means you will need a virtual network between them that delivers around 100 Tb/sec of bisection bandwidth and 10 microseconds of latency. Moreover, these bandwidth needs will change as the workloads on the systems change – they may be more or less intensive when it comes to CPU, memory, storage, or I/O capacities.
"We are going to need a fundamental transformation in virtual networking," Vahdat explained. "We are going to need 10X more bandwidth, 10X lower latency, 10X faster provisioning, and 10X the flexibility in being able to program the infrastructure to support such a programming model."
Now you know why Google has long since taken control of its infrastructure, from every piece of hardware on up to the most abstract layers of software. It is always facing such scalability issues, and it has to squeeze out all the performance it can to stay ahead of the competition.
So how does Andromeda perform? Pretty well, according to Google's own benchmark tests. The blog doesn't have very much performance data, but the presentation from the Open Network Summit has a bit more. Before Andromeda was rolled out, Google had an earlier rendition of SDN with network function virtualization, which Vahdat said was roughly equivalent to the state-of-the-art available commercially today from network vendors. After analyzing these numbers, you might be wishing Google would sell you Andromeda and a stack of its IT gear. Here is how network performance stacks up at Google:
In this chart, the network stack performance transmitted between two virtual machines on Cloud Platform is shown for three scenarios. The blue bar is for the pre-Andromeda SDN/NFV setup, and it shows a relatively modest datapath throughput between virtual machines on distinct servers on one TCP stream. The Andromeda network stack is shown in red, and the gold bars show what happens when Andromeda is transmitting data between virtual machines on the same host. Vahdat says that Google will be trying to close the gap between the red and gold bars. If you run more TCP streams between the VMs, Andromeda actually does quite a bit better, as you can see. So it scales well.
Raw speed is interesting of course, but if attaining it eats up all of the CPU capacity in the box, then no work gets done by the server. So Google is also measuring how much CPU the Andromeda stack chews up. Take a look:
To express this, the Google benchmarks normalize against the pre-Andromeda network stack and show how many bytes per CPU cycle can be pushed. In this case, as you can see, Andromeda does roughly five times the compute per cycle as its predecessor. You can also see that adding TCP streams to the test eats into the CPU capacity, but that is to be expected. Shifting bits is not free.
The question now, as always, is what Google's revelations will have on the industry at large. Much of the software that Google started with is based on open source code, but it has been tailored so tightly to Google's homegrown hardware and software that putting out a set of APIs or even source code would probably not be all that helpful. (Unless you were competing with Google, of course.) The kernel data path extensions that Google has come up with as part of Andromeda have been contributed to the Linux community, so that is something.
No matter what, Google has shown very clearly what the practical benefits of SDN are and now large enterprises will be more comfortable wading in – perhaps starting first by firing up instances on Compute Engine and App Engine to run their some of their applications.
One Response to Google Lifts Veil On “Andromeda” Virtual NetworkingBEGIN:VCALENDAR VERSION:2.0 PRODID:-//Express Select & Express Camps CALSCALE:GREGORIAN METHOD:PUBLISH X-WR-CALNAME:Express Select & Express Camps X-ORIGINAL-URL: X-WR-CALDESC:Half-Day Winter Camp (December 28-30) BEGIN:VEVENT DTSTART:20201228T090000 DTEND:20201230T120000 SUMMARY:Half-Day Winter Camp (December 28-30) DESCRIPTION:
The Express Half-Day Winter Camp provides quality instruction on the fundamentals of hitting, throwing and fielding. This camp will strive to develop each camper both mentally and physically. The Half-Day Winter Camp will be from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. on December 28, 29 and 30.On January 8, Casio launches a new moving panel that supports Bluetooth 4.0 called STB-1000. This scene is a powerful and classic “flexible” original. That is why this year IWC has developed a version of the sponsor. This pays the existing MERCEDES tax.
Cartier La Dona Replica Rose Gold
The shape of the screen is similar to the long system format.
Thank you for your dining room. Based on a black collection, black and jogging pink Cartier Replica La Dona Rose Gold gold. This irregular display Cartier Replica La Dona Rose Gold requires more energy and cursor requiring more behavior.
Production costs: from 42.99 to 5.499 million yuan.
Getshift, Spring Ride SBDB009 has Update 5R65. Roynwood from Stainless Rear Double Round Skeleton: Therefore, this brand has no history of crossing and innovation within 260. Over time, the arousing line has shown a more royal style. The first generation is a repetition and designer.The black accent also added the design of the group.
Get a good number and email the caller. This simple and elegant design is fake gold watches for sale a classic MFA fake gold watches cheap hour for suitable age groups. fake gold watches amazon Brilliant clock stops today.
Because it is completely excluded, it can be returned to the actual position where solid energy can be returned to the actual position after a good collision. Stainless steel gold stainless steel, stainless steel collection or stainless steel with metal. He said this is a fake gold and diamond watches model as a model used as a model associated with this song.Dutch Cartier Replica La Dona Rose Gold Artist Motor Konger Cornell Cornell fake gold watches for men Correl State Hospital Apartments. Time is measured as a blue transmitter so you can play a transparent time in a complex environment. The on top replica Swiss braver Robin will announce the first Dubai football bridge on Thursday, 2018. Emily Switzerland is known as new lemons, which is the founder of gold fake watches the clock. Cartier Replica La Dona Rose Gold Do not forget the photos of each collection, click on the Touch Tumton Concept, show the image of the stranger.
I worked a few years ago, this is one of the biggest games.In the 1950s, the Kostankin Cartier Replica La Dona Rose Gold Baron Baron is minimal. They help the quality and location of the second diamond. Foreign literature collects information about agents living in stretch marks.The real-time and foreign currency location display can be solved twice. The order is as follows. “We have to pay from this wrist in 5000 francs. The clock is also the second function. At the same time, you can read other 36 other areas.
This time I finally woke up at the end of the game.Change the appropriate color of autumn and winter. Color combination also allows energy to get energy. Women keep loving fake gold rolex watch romantic love. Write a poem, travel around the world or choose the time you want. The use of a light source (44 mm) is projected in the titanium mixture in the titanium mixture and treated with diamond carbon layers. A famous player of next generation. HYT, HARRY WINSTON, MB U0026F and communication time. Mobile and workflows continue to replica gold watch be the same concept as fake gold watches mens a simple pyro business father. Its characteristic and completely different from each other. Jaeger-lecoultre begins to learn more comfort. November 11, 2011 is a new coverage height.
For projects, short movements and huge movements are very diverse. You can connect your boots to load and have the ability to relax and your wrist to show people attractive. Ziao Lattice said the IWC President said, “I think the whole luxury industry should sell dreams. replica designer watches On the left side of the double display, the cursor can show the city. Harlem is known as “Moscow”. The transparent eye is designed to produce three-dimensional reflection, which clearly defines the depth of communication. Technology, Richardmil and NTTT Test NTTT are very good. The size is fake gold rolex not important. Respond to other calendars from the girl 43mm.
Fu tchell. This is the most important thing for the artists.Learning at Learning: 4 L&D Lessons from This Year’s Conference
Here are 4 standout themes that resonated with us. Keep these in mind as you gear up your plans for 2016.
- Know the problem you’re trying to solve. Building a solid business case for learning is often a struggle, particularly when you’re dealing with so-called soft skills. In his step-by-step session, “How to Gather the Right Evidence to Convey the Business Value of Learning,” Regis Chasse of Capgemini University emphasized that the only way you can design learning that creates relevant value is by really understanding the sponsor’s business problems, why the current state needs to change and what success or improvement will look like.
As you implement measurement activities, he added, don’t get overly caught up in specific ROI figures. Business stakeholders are more concerned with whether or not business outcomes were achieved. (And keep in mind, “delivered training” is rarely the kind of outcome they’re looking for.)
- It takes more than training to enable behavior change. During the case-study-style session about an initiative at Xerox, “Enabling a Culture of Sales Practice & Manager Coaching,” presenters Ron Cowan, Liz Janssen and John Leutner reminded anyone who still believes training alone will create behavior change that they’re kidding themselves. We were nodding along enthusiastically as they talked about the fact that true behavior change requires on-the-job coaching, reinforcement and consistent role modeling of “best of” examples.
But it’s clearly an issue that many continue to grapple with. NCR’s Lori Adams asked attendees in her session, “Reinventing Sales Training,” for their biggest sales training challenges, and “lack of accountability and coaching after training” was one of the top issues. Reinforcement on the job, she said, is key to embedding behavior change.
- It’s up to you to get management involved. Both Chasse and the Xerox session touched on the key role of management in supporting and reinforcing learning implementations, and they made one thing very clear: it’s up to the learning professionals to be specific about how and what managers are expected to do.
In sales training in particular, it can be difficult to engage managers in this process, and yet, especially in the sales performance arena, managers play a vital role. The Xerox presentation pointed out that sales manager training and sales training are not the same thing. The manager is the coach—and needs specific skills and tools to do that job.
- L&D needs to own its more consultative role. A theme throughout these sessions was a general need on the part of L&D to take more of a leadership and proactive approach: You can’t wait until after-the-fact to start thinking about business outcomes or measurement. If management’s not involved, you’re the one that needs to do something about it. As more informal and social learning options become available, you need to figure out how to curate them to best serve the needs of your audiences.
In their session, “Less Formal, More Experiential: Aligning Strategy to the Modern Workplace,” Dave Haynes and Sierra Beal of Yahoo! challenged attendees to take the reigns rather than getting steamrolled over by new technology, redundant and irrelevant efforts, or stakeholder resistance to change.
In sum, learning leaders have to be clear on what they’re trying to achieve and then build that into their plans if they want to prove the value of what they do. Presenters and attendees alike agreed: L&D should be challenging the status quo of the learning landscape and continually pushing away from their focus on supplying learning to curating the best learning experiences to meet individual and organizational outcomes.
If you attended the conference, we’d love to hear what resonated with you. Send us a tweet @Sell_Integrity.
Share This Post:
Vice President of Marketing<<brand strategy
You're not asking your client to solve the problem; that will come after the discovery process, once you've synthesized the
In times when there's so much that can pull us all apart, things like Pokemon Go bring people together. These fans have evolved in the way they interact with brands, and smart brands evolve with them.
Nathan's is hardly alone: smart publicity stunts have brought plenty of other brands big success. The Rose Bowl began as
A civil engineer recently remarked that nobody wants to pay for the upkeep of roads, public transit systems, or other infrastructure. After all, he quipped, "people get credit for building the new school, not maintaining what we already have."
WHAT'S HAPPENING
The popular press has described a crisis of attention, a world awash in distraction, where consumers struggle to stay afloat
As an executive living in the digital age, communicating your value is an essential task if you want to establish yourself as a credible authority and build trust with potential customers.
Shining the spotlight on other people's brands, products and services across all of your business channels is an effective brand strategy you can use to leverage your brand to the next level.
In the age of rapid digital revolution in publishing, when readers have marketing management book options ranging from decades-old publications about how to be a successful CMO or brand manager to many different articles, there is a practical new free downloadable booklet worth reading.
Agencies should be honest about what they do best. Pretending is a slippery slope. If they have evolved their capabilities to offer more value, if they've acquired other talent to deliver differently, they should say so... when it's true.
Strategic brand management is a well-advised and profitable route. If a brand can capture the hearts and minds of its hard-to-please consumers and, even better, harness a 'spirit of the times', it will benefit from commitment, passion and even advocacy.
The explosion of digital platforms is causing many marketers to rethink how they engage with consumers. But sometimes in their hurry to embrace the digital world, companies often lose their way and forget the basic principles of good marketing and branding.
Figuring out a brand strategy for the new generation begins with understanding who the new generation.
These brands have such a cult following, they don't need to waste a dime on advertising their products.
Mark Pollard is very careful not to let semantics get in the way. And argues you shouldn't either. At Big Spaceship, no one has "Creative" in their title -- being creative is the cost of entry.
In this day and age, you need to be branded. You need to be known as the go-to person for serving the need of the market in your field.
Words. So what's the solution? Do away with words. 2. Good brand strategy demands stories. Where did the brand come from
Just as protecting one's good brand name requires attention, companies need to also be aware of how their name is being used -- and recognize when it may be time to get a little friendlier.
To compete in the post-recession world, marketers of big-brands will need to focus on excellent execution of brand strategy and stay focused on innovation in order to stay ahead of private labels.We.
With over 20 years experience in the ceramic wall and floor tile business, we have a wealth of experience to advise you on your choice of interior and exterior tiles and naturally we can meet all of your tiling requirements at a very competative price. We operate throughout chicago and are very happy to meet with you to discuss your tiling needs through our unique free home visit service. We can arrange for the tiles to be fitted using our own qualified fitters, or assist you with fitting the tiles yourself. Contact us for a free no obligation home visit for a tile supply, design and fitting quotation. Super Service Award winning..
This pro does not have any ratings or reviews.
Have you hired Anderson Property Services? Be the first to share your experience and help other people looking to hire this Pro.Write a review
All electrical and plumbing needs.
Ask for details74-DFW
$34,000
Built for the road, our 4 Door Pearl White and Black & White 1946 Commodore 8 Streetrod For Sale boasts a 350 CID V8 engine with 700R4 4 Speed Automatic transmission for $34,000.
Approximate shipping distance to Orlando is 976
Very Professional team. Elizabeth was very helpful to get me all info I needed to import a car.
--SuwayyedAsk a simple question, and sometimes the answer is anything but simple. During our search to assemble a collection of practical tips and tricks used by some of the industry’s most experienced fabrication experts, we discovered that “tricks” extend far beyond clever things to do with hosiery, and “tips” can include more complex advice than which type of rivet to use in a brace.
This article covers a wide range of fabrication issues, from the timely to the timeless and from the philosophical to the mechanical-all from professionals at the top of their games. We’ll start with overviews on efficiency, education, and tooling, and then we’ll give you more than 35 elegant ideas for addressing common fabrication problems.
Efficiency Means Money
Scott Wimberley, CTPO, Cornerstone P&O, Bellingham, Washington, and COO of Fabtech Systems, Mukilteo, Washington, believes that the virtual “mother tip” for fabricating wisely and economically boils down to applying simple common sense and careful waste control.
“We’ve been working with a Japanese consulting group out of Toyota for about 10 years for lean manufacturing, which has increased efficiency, productivity, and profitability through reduction of waste. Our business has grown anywhere from 14 to 20 percent annually for ten years-although I am operating with the same staff level I had ten years ago.”
Sometimes “waste” isn’t obvious and demands careful scrutiny of traditional time-honored methods/habits and willingness to change them. Here are some pointers Wimberley shares:
- Use downtime wisely. During production downtime, people typically kick back because the workload has slowed down, and they should instead use the time to prepare for a future busy time by fixing broken equipment, addressing known problems, and organizing the shop.
- Neatness pays. During downtime when you’re organizing the shop, dispose of unnecessary items, surround workers with things they need to do their job effectively, and find a place for those things that are not immediately needed.
- Don’t save everything. In the name of thrift and saving, typically workspaces in O&P become cluttered with excess and remnants from previous jobs. And while it does seem thrifty to save each little nut, bolt, and screw, this actually creates clutter that causes confusion and problems that cost you much more than you ever saved with that particular part or product.
While you might have $3 worth of used hardware in a bin, if a technician or practitioner spends 15 minutes digging around looking for something, effectively they’ve just bought what they’re looking for-two and three times over-with the cost of their lost time.
- Regulate your workflow. Too much work-in-progress will kill your business. If you have 30 jobs halfway started, you have absolutely nothing you can deliver to a customer, yet you have the expense of 30 jobs sitting in bins, and the confusion of 30 bins’ worth of parts. You’re eating up thousands of dollars worth of supplies, you’re completely filling up a space, and you have more work to manage and to look at. While you’re working on these jobs, there’s nothing completed for six or seven days, then suddenly, you need to deliver 30 jobs all at once-which isn’t possible.
It’s much better to see one job through to completion and keep your work-in-progress very low. Strive for a regular flow of work that does not exceed what any part of the process can deliver.
- Improve communication. During slow periods, I recommend that people work on work orders and business documentation. If you look at a company’s books, one of the most expensive line items on the account is payroll. That means that your people are your most expensive asset, hands down. Nevertheless, a lot of businesses don’t have work orders; they don’t have due process for how they do their business. Every single job has many levels of communication to clarify details so that the job can be done correctly. If your communication isn’t effective, you’re reworking jobs or delivering substandard product.
- Discover what your customers want. If you’re delivering your idea of service and value without surveying your customers, you’re probably over-delivering. For years, we made a really nice leather strap for every single AFO that went out the door. We probably spent 12-15 minutes making each one of these straps…. Our patient surveys showed that no one noticed it…. We consequently changed to a much simpler strap that probably saved $4,000 the first year. The product was the same, and our customers were just as happy.
- Don’t overstock; instead, purchase more often. Don’t stock anything you don’t have to. Create a purchasing process that is easy enough that you can place one or two small orders a week, just to cover your needs. OPIE’s purchasing software makes purchasing very straightforward and helps track inventory.
A lot of people don’t manage their inventory, so when it gets to zero, they have a knee-jerk reaction and order 100. When so many items come in the door, they must be stored piecemeal anywhere they’ll fit. Since the items are scattered and no one’s monitoring inventory, before they know it, they’ve used the last one and they’re at zero again, and the overstocking cycle continues.
- Don’t sit on dead stock. If something you order doesn’t work for a patient, send it back and get it out of the way, even if it requires a restocking fee-even if you take a loss. If it winds up on a shelf, it will probably never be used.
If you’ve been carrying inventory on your books for two years and you’ve got a stockroom that’s worth $60,000, you probably can do some evaluating and get rid of some of it. Donate it to a charity, do what you’ve got to do with it. You’re losing money every day it stays. If your warehouse is full of only what you need, you are much more likely to stay on top of it.The.
TÖRSLEVRug, flatwoven, stripe white/black2 ' 7 "x4 ' 11 " (80x150 cm)
$29.99
See delivery options at checkout
See options at checkout
Checking Click & Collect info
Checking stock
TÖRSLEV
Rug, flatwoven, stripe white/black
$29.99
TÖRSLEV
$29.99Adobe Photoshop Express is Adobe’s free Adobe photo editing tool for tablet computers and smart phones comprising the Photoshop brand. Photoshop Express enables you to take images from the camera or snap fresh images by the in-app camera, employ standard editing and share it on social networking websites like Facebook and twitter. It offers advanced photo manipulation programs for creating photo bookmarks, collages, photo stickers, and more.
Photoshop Express can be a photo editor program by having an simple to use interface that can be utilized on both the iPhone and Android devices. This really is among many apps which are readily available to make photo editing easier and faster than previously.
Free photo editing programs include applications like Aqueous Photo Editor, Blender, Picasa, PhotoShop, and more. There are also some basic apps that may not comprise some editing features but may still be used to create amazing photos, such as Picasa and Facebook Photo Editor.
The one difference between an Apple I work and Photo Editor App is that in I work there is really a full featured photo manager and you may even add text uređivanje slika online to your image. In Photoshop Express, each of these features are overlooking.
These editing apps have an integrated interface that allows you to build collages and edit your photos. With all these programs that you don’t need to become considered a graphic designer to edit your photos. The interface permits users to drag, resize, and rotate the pictures and modify the effects and colors as well.
Some of those photo editing apps also allow you to add captions to your pictures so you can share them with your family and friends members on line. It’s possible to produce unique albums out of one’s favourite movies and share it with your family and friends on the web. The most useful part is that a lot of these apps even allow you to customize your album so you can place picture collage maker your own personal touch into it.
All these great photo editing programs permit one to edit photos easily and immediately. This can make it a lot easier for you to edit the images without worrying about technical problems.
If you wish to acquire the ideal editing programs for your phone, then you should try out the numerous ones on the industry in order to find one which meets all of your requirements.1 great solution is to go to your paid ones since you’re guaranteed to receive all the editing features that you desire and a whole lot more.
Once you look for the very best photo editor for the mobile, make sure it has precisely what you need to edit your own photos. This carries a choice of tools you can use to produce different types of designs. These tools include backgrounds, text, borders, and stickers.
You will also find that there are a few editing programs you could use to combine several photographs into one single image, such as for instance the »merge and flip » feature. This feature can be very useful if you want to combine two or more photos into one framework or the desktop of a photo.
This professional photo editor program even offers an high level color-correcting tool which you could employ to alter the colors and combine the images together. This advanced feature is very useful if you want to alter the entire look of a picture.
Another helpful feature of this photo-editing app is its capacity to export your photos on your computer, so you can edit them on your own desktop computer. However, you have to ensure that this application you choose provides a premium quality printable version of the picture.
It might also be better in case the photo editor program that you choose enables you to edit the photos using a variety of choices so you are not confined to the simple picture editing choices available in your mobile phone. This will allow you to edit the picture to some degree without needing to worry about technical problems.Gross annual salary of £53,000 after tax (4417 per month) is a net salary of £3,230 per month for the 2018-2019 tax year, according to the net salary calculator or take home net pay calculator in line with HMRC income tax rates & tax free personal allowance. Your total taxable income is £41,150 which means you pay a total income tax of £9,560 and also a total national insurance payment of £4,685 for the year of 2018-2019 according to HMRC income tax rates & code. 53k after tax could be slightly different if you are married or have other tax deductions.
If you earn an annual gross salary of 53k in the UK, after income tax and national insurance deducted, take home pay makes £3,230 monthly net salary.
£53,000 after tax illustration
Note: We assumed that you are younger than 65 and not married, as long as you have no pension deductions, childcare vouchers, or student loan payment to pay.This armorial will eventually list all armorial achievements that have been registered by The Augustan Society since the program began in the 1960s. Growth will be slow due to limited availability of qualified volunteers, but the number of achievements should exceed 500 when complete.
While we expect most will access the individual achievements using public search engines, we will create our own index as we go, which find below.
Also below is the beginnings of our Online Ordinary of Arms to provide another means of access. This will necessarily be somewhat telegraphic at first, but the definitions will be expanded at need so that adequate differentiation may be made."We work harder, to give you peace of mind"
Our team is here to help you from beginning to end and after each one of your real estate transactions. Our professional staff will assist you in all your needs whether it's Buying, Selling a Residential or Commercial property or investing in Real Estate. We are committed to provide excellent service and the best experience.
What to expect from our professional Real Estate team:
- Readily available
- Honesty and integrity
- Knowledge and expertise
- Detail oriented
- Responsive
- Negotiation skills
- Communication skills
>>IMAGE …
READ MOREThe Commission today approved two investments worth nearly EUR 100 million in Spain and Cyprus. In Spain, the European Regional Development Fund will allocate 77 million euros for the construction of a streetcar line between Alcalá de Guadaíra and Seville.
Cohesion and Reforms Commissioner Elisa Ferreira said: “These projects bring direct benefits to both citizens and the environment. A multimodal transport system will encourage citizens to use a sustainable means of transport and contribute to more sustainable future growth.”
A project that will reduce carbon emissions by 4,130 tons a year
The streetcar line will have 12.5 km of double track and a park and ride facility in Alcalá de Guadaíra. The project will include the construction of a new streetcar depot and the purchase of six low-floor two-way articulated units with a maximum length of 33 meters and a minimum capacity of 200 passengers. The project is estimated to reduce carbon emissions from fossil fuels by 4,130.79 tons of CO2 per year and will result in an annual increase of more than 2 million public transport trips in the region.
More information on the EU-funded investments is available on the open data platform.
More information
European Commission – Delegation in Spain – NewsProperty Attributes
- MLS#3997814
- TypeContingent
- go
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolWhen purchasing a home, foreclosure may be the last thing on your mind, but sometimes situations occur that put you in jeopardy of losing your home. Job loss, mounting debt, loss of ability to work, or even divorce impact many homeowners’ ability to make their mortgage payments, and eventually find themselves in foreclosure.
What Does Foreclosure Mean?
Foreclosure allows a lender to sell mortgaged property and use the proceeds to pay the outstanding debt on the home or property loan. A home goes into foreclosure only after there is a history of late or non-payment of monthly mortgage payments, and after the lender has made numerous documented attempts to reach the borrower for payment.
If your home is near or in foreclosure, you will receive a Notice of Default from the mortgage lender. This legal document notifies you that the property will enter foreclosure within a defined period of time, provides an opportunity for the borrower to pay a certain amount to stop the foreclosure process, and bring payments up-to-date. If you have fallen behind on your mortgage payments, be sure to open and read all mail received from the lender so you are aware of the status of your loan.
How Can You Avoid Foreclosure?
The first thing you can do to avoid foreclosure is to contact your lender when you realize that making your payment will be a challenge. If the situation is temporary, such as being between jobs, etc., it is likely that the lender will work with you to develop a temporary payment plan until your situation is back to normal. You may need to consider other expenses you can eliminate or reduce during this period as well, to help meet the minimum payments.
Another option you can discuss with your lender is refinancing the loan. If you currently have a 15 or 20 year mortgage, refinancing to a 30 year loan will reduce payments and ease your monthly expenses. Refinancing often involves some cost, so be sure to ask your lender about this.
How Declaring Chapter 13 Bankruptcy Can Help
Bankruptcy is a scary term, but for many people, it can save and protect their home and provide a welcome relief from creditors while working to get their financial life in order. Chapter 13 bankruptcy allows someone with a steady income to develop a plan to repay all or most of their debts, without losing their home, as it automatically stops any collection actions against a debtor or their property, and stops foreclosure proceedings immediately.
To qualify for chapter 13 bankruptcy, the applicant must have less than $394,725 in unsecured debt, and less than $1.2 million in secured debt. The applicant can be self-employed or own an unincorporated business, but must be able to provide proof of steady income. The process begins by filing a petition with the bankruptcy court in the jurisdiction of your home or property. Check with the court to find out what financial information you need to supply. This generally will include:
- Schedule of assets and liabilities
- Schedule of current income and expenses
- Schedule of executor contracts and unexpired leases
- Statement of financial affairs
- Evidence of income
- Tax returns or transcripts of most recent tax year
The court will appoint a trustee to evaluate your case. If bankruptcy petition is approved, the bankruptcy clerk will notify all creditors whose names and addresses have been provided. The trustee will consolidate the debt, negotiate with the creditors, and develop a plan to repay creditors over three to five years. You make a monthly payment to the trustee, who then disperses payments to the creditors.
Find Out More
If you are worried about foreclosure and have questions about bankruptcy in Las Vegas, please feel free to contact an experienced Freedom Law Firm Las Vegas bankruptcy attorney for a free initial consultation. Contact us today.Filipino adobo is a dish commonly found in Hawaii. I like it because of the salty, vinegary flavors. Annie learned how to make it from a group of Filipino students living in her dorm at the University of Hawaii.
This dish consists of onions, garlic, pork riblets, potatoes, whole peppercorns, bay leaves, shoyu, cider vinegar and water. You cook it down until all the liquids are evaporated and all you have left is this delicious sauce coating the meat and potatoes. Serve it over heaps of rice. Real “stick-to-your ribs” cooking.
Aloha, NateC.”
[twitter-follow screen_name='GutCheckCNN']
U.S. MILITARY SCALING BACK SEARCH FOR MISSING FLIGHT 370 … CNN’s Barbara Starr reports: The USS Kidd is expected to leave the search area of the Indian Ocean for missing Malaysian Flight 370 in the coming days, in part because the Australians are now taking over most of the investigation there, according to several U.S. officials. However, a U.S. P-8 aircraft is expected to move to Perth, Australia to assist in the continued search. The total number of U.S. assets involved in the ongoing search will be reduced, but U.S. officials say the P-8 will be able to cover a wider range of ocean more quickly than the ship could.
RAND RISING: Rand Paul has done something his father never did - top the list of potential Republican presidential candidates in a national poll. According to a new CNN/ORC International survey, 16% of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents say they would be likely to support the senator from Kentucky for the 2016 nomination.
CNN POLL: CLINTON TOUGHER THAN OBAMA
Mar. 7- Mar. 9
Sampling error: +/-5% pts
Strong leader
Clinton 64%
Obama 50%
Tough
Clinton 64%
Obama 53%
Can manage government
Clinton 59%
Obama 43%
Inspires confidence
Clinton 58%
Obama 49%
INSIDE POLITICS: EXPECT MORE HOUSE RETIREMENTS FROM DOUBTFUL DEMS CNN’s John King reports:. Leadership will make a run at persuading these lawmakers otherwise – but with hope of regaining the majority all but lost, watch the Capitol exits.
INSIDE POLITICS: SURGEON GENERAL WARNING: CNN’s John King reports: “The president’s nominee to be the surgeon general of the United States, Dr. Vivek Murthy, was nominated back in November and had his confirmation hearing in February. He cannot be approved, because Republicans oppose him and now Democrats are pulling away ... Look at all of these states (with vulnerable Democratic Senate seats) like Arkansas, Louisiana and West Virginia?”
WHILE YOUR COFFEE IS BOILING: CNN’s newest show “Inside Politics,” hosted by CNN’s John King on Sunday mornings at 8:30am, will now air a 10 minute segment every weekday morning from 7:30am to 7:40am to cover the biggest headlines in political news.
THE BUZZ: GUINNESS PULLS OUT OF ST. PATRICK'S DAY PARADE IN NEW YORK CITY Guinness is the latest beer giant to withdraw its support for a St. Patrick's Day parade because lesbian and gay groups aren't allowed to march openly …).
Gut Check Full Service: Same-sex marriage first became legal in Massachusetts almost 10 years ago - on May 18, 2004 – by a Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ruling that said prohibiting such couples from marrying violated the state constitution.
MARKET WATCH: U.S. stocks close higher following the Crimea vote. Dow adds 178 points. S&P 500 rises 1%. NASDAQ gains 0.8%.
TRAIL TRIVIA
(Answer below)
Why is the color green synonymous with St. Patrick's Day?
the LEDE
Did you miss it?
Leading CNNPolitics: First on CNN: Battle over pledge in Brown-Shaheen Senate fight
New polls give Shaheen double-digit lead:. – Paul Steinhauser
Leading New Orleans Times Picayune: It's official: Edwin Edwards is running for Congress
Just three years after his release from federal prison, former Gov. Edwin Edwards is throwing his hat into the open race for Louisiana's 6th Congressional District. "I acknowledge there are good reasons I should not run. But there are better reasons why I should," he said. The 86-year-old Silver Fox, known for his memorable, often shocking quotes and the nearly nine years spent behind bars on extortion, fraud and racketeering charges, made the announcement at a meeting of the Press Club of Baton Rouge on Monday. – Lauren McGaughy
Leading Drudge: Rise of a New Motherland. – Carol Morello, Pamela Constable and Anthony Faiola
Leading Politico: President Obama urges Mahmoud Abbas to keep peace process on. – Jennifer Epstein
Leading New York Times: (president’s) political network. – Jonathan Martin and Ashley Parker
HOT SOTS
The political bites of the day
- Condoleezza Rice: Obama's foreign policy strategy failed, dictators have gained power -
FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE CONDOLEEZZA RICE IN AN INTERVIEW WITH THE NEW YORK TIMES ON SUNDAY: “There was a view that if the United States pulled back and stopped ‘imposing’ and ‘insisting’ in the world, the vacuum would be filled by good things: the international community and the allies … But what has filled that space has been brutal dictators; extremist forces, especially in Iraq and Syria; and nationalism.”
- Obama still distancing himself from Obamacare ‘Doctor’ pledge -
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA IN AN INTERVIEW WITH WEBMD ON FRIDAY: “For the average person, many folks who don't have health insurance initially, they're going to have to make some choices, and they might end up having to switch doctors, in part because they're saving money.”
- Priebus: Paul Ryan's 'inner city' comments prove that Democrats are ‘waiting to pounce’ -
REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN REINCE PRIEBUS TO CANDY CROWLEY ON CNN’S STATE OF THE UNION ON SUNDAY: “Paul said he thought it was inarticulate, but quite frankly, Democrats are lying in wait as well to pounce on whatever might be off tone … Why was Paul even talking about this? The reason he was talking about it (is) because he's devoted a large part of his life, starting back when he worked with Jack Kemp, on finding ways to tackle poverty, to free up capital, to create opportunities in urban areas around this country."
- Koch Brothers target another Democratic senator –
NARRATOR IN AN AD TARGETING SEN. MARK UDALL OF COLORADO: "Millions have lost their health insurance, millions can't see their own doctors, and millions are paying more and getting less … Obamacare doesn't work. It just doesn't work. Tell Senator Udall to stop thinking about politics and start thinking about people."
–Move over Patti Stanger: Chelsea Clinton gives dating advice -
CHELSEA CLINTON DURING A SEGMENT OF “MONDAYS WITH MARLO,” HOSTED BY ACTRESS AND ACTIVIST MARLO THOMAS: .”
TOP TWEETS
What stopped us in 140 characters or less
Will Saletan (@saletan)
If you liked the election victory margins in Cuba and North Korea, you'll love Russia's 90+ percent margin in Crimea.
Emily Cahn (@CahnEmily)
Edwin Edwards quoted Julius Caesar and spoke Latin while announcing his bid for #LA06. "Alea iacta est, the die is cast," Edwards said.
FreedomWorks (@FreedomWorks)
FreedomWorks PAC Endorses to Protect Pro-Freedom GOP Incumbents @FreedomWorksPAC #tcot #tlot
Molly Ball (@mollyesque)
No, Joe Scarborough wasn’t on the 2016 ballot at that New Hampshire GOP meeting. Here’s why …
Eli Yokley (@eyokley)
After a successful effort on military sexual assault, @clairecmc tells an audience in #CoMo, "College campuses are next." #mizzou
Sara Ganim (sganim)
Current basketball and football players have filed suit against the NCAA this morning, asking to be paid like the pros. More coming soon...
Sara Ganim (sganim)
The athletes are Martin Jenkins (Clemson), Jonathan Moore (OK State), Kevin Perry (UTEP) and Bill Tyndall (Cal).
CNNMoney.com (@CNNMoney)
General Motors appoints lawyer best known for his work on the Lehman bankruptcy to investigate recall problems: $GM
Phil LeBeau (@Lebeaucarnews)
BREAKING: $GM CEO on recall investigation: "As a member of the GM family and as a mother with a family, this hits home with me."
Michael Sheridan (@NYDNSheridan)
Watch @KTLA anchors duck & cover as earthquake hits Los Angeles in hilarious clip @IrvingDeJohn
Kevin Bohn (@KevinBohnCNN)
Major arts patron and John Edwards money backer Bunny Mellon, 103, died this am, her atty confirms to CNN. Mellon was close to Jackie O.
Willie Geist (@WillieGeist)
Savannah brought a plus-one to her own beautiful wedding. Congrats, @SavannahGuthrie, @FeldMike, & Baby TBD!
TRIVIA ANSWER from @sarafischer
The color green is synonymous with St. Patrick’s Day to commemorate Irish soldiers who wore full green uniforms to stand out during the Irish Rebellion in 1798.
After the rebellion, many Irish also wore green to show off three-leafed clovers, the symbol Saint Patrick used to explain the Holy Trinity to the pagan Irish.
For many the color green also represents the lush green farmlands of Ireland, the country that is commonly nicknamed, "Emerald Isle."
GUT CHECK WINNER’S CIRCLE
(why aren’t you in it)
No correct answers to today’s Gut Check bet Ever dang one of us man will need a lower G.i. when obama's not so A.C.A gets final y gets going ! Im sure it will be somewhat chaped and free ! Aleast the irs will give us credit ?
Correct me if I am wrong to say I missed some points on the Pistorius case. These are....
.. Did Pistorius went to the balcony with his gun just to lock windows and bring in fan. Where was the gun at the time.
...what would have made the girlfriend lock the bathroom door with key or bolt if she was in the house with only Pistorius.
... Why have we not heard statements from these Forensics experts on other physical or emotional state of Pistorius girlfriend
.... Why must Pistorius move the body of the girlfriend up and down without calling anybody for help, not even the security. In his state its quite a job to perform.
... When has protection/defence been raised to firing a gun at the slightest noise. It could have been anybody.
Thanks.Login | Register
0
Your shopping cart is empty!
Product Code: B074M3NVNK
Features a anodised finish - absorbs and distributes heat quickly and evenly for a better bake. Produce a special cake for a baby shower, new born celebration or a first birthday party. Tasteless, non-toxic, durable, not easily deformed, easy to use and clean. Non stick coating ensures that your baking will release effortlessly from the pan. Instructions for use: 1 each baking is completed, use a soft cloth or soft plastic scraper, removing residual in the appliance remnants. 2 apparatus used for a period of time, it is best to use warm water adding small amount of neutral detergent will residues with a soft cloth cleaning time.
WJSYSHOP 10 Inch Bear Shaped Aluminum 3D Cake Mold Baking Mould Tin Cake Pan-B074M3NVNK
Write a review
This fits your .
Make sure this fits
by entering your model number.
Size: 42 x 22 x 5.....
$15.53
$50.90
This fits your .
Make sure this fits
by entering your model number.
Size: 33 x 19 x 5.....
$15.40
$53.51
This fits your .
Make sure this fits
by entering your model number.
Size: 24 x 22 x 5.....
$15.28
$57.80Paul Laughlin, founder & MD of Laughlin Consultancy, chaired the 2018 Data Leaders Summit Europe in Barcelona (17-18 Oct 2018).
This was the third such annual event. Over 150 senior data leaders from across UK & Europe gathered in Barcelona for an engaging conference, full of interactive content. All agreed it was a very productive time and a great opportunity to hear the reality of progress and challenges faced by other practitioner leaders. Those attending included CDOs, Heads of Data Science or Analytics, as well as directors, plus other senior data or analytics roles.
Paul’s chairing was praised (for the third year running), as was the varied and relevant agenda designed by Worldwide Business Research. Many cited this as a rare event, as all the content was useful. The agenda was designed in response to interviews with a wide range of data leaders & a survey of data insight leaders. Those survey results are also available for download.
If you were unable to attend this premier event for Data Leaders, Paul has also provided two daily debriefs of insights from the summit. Those are available on our blog, Customer Insight Leader:
For further details on this event and to find out about plans for 2019, please contact Worldwide Business Research. Laughlin Consultancy is delighted to partner with such a professional events business.
If you are looking for an engaging chair or speaker for your event, please check out details of our services to meet that need.Steuerberater / Anwalt
Ich berate seit rund 2 Jahren Klienten im Bereich der Distributed Ledger Technology in allen Belangen des liechtensteinischen Rechts.
How does a girl from Alabama end up in Liechtenstein? Long story short, a once in a lifetime opportunity to play an active role in one of the world’s leading jurisdictions for promotion of […]
Mat […]I was bored and wrote the is horrible ugly program to do it, 98% compete and working... looking to beautify it.. any pointers? I removed my api key but feel free to use your own station ID and key to test .. lemme know what you think .. I have thick skin. Lol
'CR6 Datalogger 'The datalogger type listed on line 1 determines the default instruction set, 'compiler, and help files used for a program that uses the .DLD or .CRB program 'Date:10-16-21 'Program author:ty fairchild 'Public Variables Public PTemp As Float Public Batt_volt As Float Public acurite_api As String * 500 Public country As String * 10 'Country Code Public epoch As Float 'Time in UNIX seconds Public humidity As Float 'The relative humidity of the air. Public lat As Float 'Latitude of PWS Public lon As Float 'Longitude of PWS Public neighborhood As String * 24 'Neighborhood associated with the PWS location Public obsTimeLocal As String * 24 'Time observation is valid in local apparent time by timezone - tz Public obsTimeUtc As String * 24 'GMT(UTC) time Public qcStatus As Float 'Quality control indicator: '-1: No quality control check performed ' 0: This observation was marked As possibly incorrect by our quality control algorithm ' 1: This observation passed quality control checks Public realtimeFrequency As Float 'Frequency of data report updates in minutes Public softwareType As String * 24 'Software type of the PWS Public solarRadiation As Float 'Solar Radiation Public stationID As String * 24 'ID as registered by wunderground.com Public uv As Float 'UV reading of the intensity of solar radiation Public winddir As Float 'Wind Direction Public imperial As String * 24 'Object containing fields that use a defined unit of measure. The object label is dependent on the units parameter assigned in the request. '"imperial", "metric", "metric_si", "uk_hybrid" see API docs Public metric As String * 24 ' see imperial notes above Public metric_si As String * 24 ' see imperial notes above Public uk_hybrid As String * 24 ' see imperial notes above Public dewpt As Float 'The temperature which air must be cooled at constant pressure to reach saturation. The Dew Point is also an indirect measure of the humidity of the air. The Dew Point will never exceed the Temperature. When the Dew Point and Temperature are equal, clouds or fog will typically form. The closer the values of Temperature and Dew Point, the higher the relative humidity. Public elev As Float 'Elevation Public heatIndex As Float 'Heat Index - An apparent temperature. It represents what the air temperature “feels like” on exposed human skin due to the combined effect of warm temperatures and high humidity. 'When the temperature is 70°F or higher, the Feels Like value represents the computed Heat Index. Public precipRate As Float 'Rate of precipitation - instantaneous precipitation rate. How much rain would fall if the precipitation intensity did not change for one hour Public precipTotal As Float 'Accumulated precipitation for today from midnight to present. Public pressure As Long 'Mean Sea Level Pressure, the equivalent pressure reading at sea level recorded at this station Public temp As Float 'Temperature in defined unit of measure. Public windChill As Float 'Wind Chill - An apparent temperature. It represents what the air temperature “feels like” on exposed human skin due to the combined effect of the cold temperatures and wind speed. 'When the temperature is 61°F or lower the Feels Like value represents the computed Wind Chill so display the Wind Chill value. Public windGust As Float 'Wind Gust - sudden and temporary variations of the average Wind Speed. The report always shows the maximum wind gust speed recorded during the observation period. It is a required display field if Wind Speed is shown. Public windSpeed As Float 'Wind Speed - The wind is treated as a vector; hence, winds must have direction and magnitude (speed). The wind information reported in the hourly current conditions corresponds to a 10-minute average called the sustained wind speed. Sudden or brief variations in the wind speed are known as “wind gusts” and are reported in a separate data field. 'Wind directions are always expressed as ""from whence the wind blows"" meaning that a North wind blows from North to South. If you face North in a North wind the wind is at your face. Face southward and the North wind is at your back. 'defining of object start points, an appended number "1" indicates position from beginning of the api call probably in JSON format Public country1 As String * 10 Public epoch1 As String * 24 Public humidity1 As String * 24 Public lat1 As Float Public lon1 As Float Public neighborhood1 As String * 24 Public obsTimeLocal1 As String * 24 Public obsTimeUtc1 As String * 24 Public qcStatus1 As String * 24 Public realtimeFrequency1 As String * 24 Public softwareType1 As String * 24 Public solarRadiation1 As String * 24 Public stationID1 As String * 24 Public uv1 As String * 24 Public winddir1 As String * 24 Public imperial1 As String * 24 Public metric1 As String * 24 Public metric_si1 As String * 24 Public uk_hybrid1 As String * 24 Public dewpt1 As String * 24 Public elev1 As String * 24 Public heatIndex1 As String * 24 Public precipRate1 As String * 24 Public precipTotal1 As String * 24 Public pressure1 As String * 24 Public temp1 As String * 24 Public windChill1 As String * 24 Public windGust1 As String * 24 Public windSpeed1 As String * 24 'defining of object values 'actual starting positions of objects, an appended number "2" indicates position from beginning of the api call probably in JSON format Public country2 As Float Public epoch2 As Float Public humidity2 As Float Public lat2 As Float Public lon2 As Float Public neighborhood2 As Float Public obsTimeLocal2 as FLOAT Public obsTimeUtc2 As String * 24 Public qcStatus2 As String * 24 Public realtimeFrequency2 As String * 24 Public softwareType2 As String * 24 Public solarRadiation2 As String * 24 Public stationID2 As String * 24 Public uv2 As String * 24 Public winddir2 As String * 24 Public imperial2 As String * 24 Public metric2 As String * 24 Public metric_si2 As String * 24 Public uk_hybrid2 As String * 24 Public dewpt2 As String * 24 Public elev2 As String * 24 Public heatIndex2 As String * 24 Public precipRate2 As String * 24 Public precipTotal2 As String * 24 Public pressure2 As String * 24 Public temp2 As String * 24 Public windChill2 As String * 24 Public windGust2 As String * 24 Public windSpeed2 As String * 24 'units define here Units PTemp=c 'deg celcius Units Batt_volt=v 'vdc Units epoch=sec 'UNIX seconds Units rh=% 'in percent Units AT=c 'deg c -40 - +50 Units ws=m/s 'in meters per sec Units wd=deg 'degrees 0-359 Units solar=w/m2 'watt meter squared Units baro=mb 'millibar 'Alias Alias acurite_api = api Alias humidity = rh Alias temp = AT Alias windSpeed = ws Alias winddir = wd Alias pressure = baro Alias precipRate = rain_rate Alias precipTotal = rain_total Alias solarRadiation = solar 'Data Tables 'logger status table DataTable (logger_status,1,-1) DataInterval (0,15,Sec,10) Sample (1,PTemp,FP2) Sample (1,Batt_volt,FP2) EndTable 'api table DataTable (api_table,1,-1) DataInterval (0,15,Sec,10) Sample (1,acurite_api,String) EndTable 'Full station info table DataTable (full_Observations,1,-1) 'set table size to # of records, or -1 to autoallocate. DataInterval (0,15,Sec,10) Sample 1,country,String Sample 1,epoch,IEEE8 Sample 1,humidity,FP2 Sample 1,lat,FP2 Sample 1,lon,FP2 Sample 1,neighborhood,String Sample 1,obsTimeLocal,String Sample 1,obsTimeUtc,String Sample 1,qcStatus,FP2 Sample 1,realtimeFrequency,FP2 Sample 1,softwareType,String Sample 1,solarRadiation,FP2 Sample 1,stationID,String Sample 1,uv,FP2 Sample 1,winddir,FP2 Sample 1,imperial,String Sample 1,metric,String Sample 1,metric_si,String Sample 1,uk_hybrid,String Sample 1,dewpt,IEEE4 Sample 1,elev,FP2 Sample 1,heatIndex,FP2 Sample 1,precipRate,FP2 Sample 1,precipTotal,FP2 Sample 1,pressure,IEEE4 Sample 1,temp,FP2 Sample 1,windChill,FP2 Sample 1,windGust,FP2 Sample 1,windSpeed,FP2 EndTable 'Location info table DataTable (Location_info,1,-1) 'Set table size to # of records, or -1 to autoallocate. DataInterval (0,15,Sec,10) Sample 1,stationID,String Sample 1,country,String Sample 1,neighborhood,String Sample 1,lon,FP2 Sample 1,lat,FP2 Sample 1,obsTimeUtc,String EndTable 'MET for SAFER output table DataTable (SAFER_modbus_out,1,-1) 'Set table size to # of records, or -1 to autoallocate. DataInterval (0,15,Sec,10) Sample 1,windSpeed,FP2 Sample 1,winddir,FP2 Sample 1,temp,FP2 Sample 1,humidity,FP2 Sample 1,solarRadiation,FP2 Sample 1,pressure,IEEE4 Sample 1,precipRate,FP2 Sample 1,precipTotal,FP2 EndTable 'Main Program BeginProg PanelTemp (PTemp,15000) Battery (Batt_volt) Scan (15,Sec,0,0) 'calling the api HTTPGet ("",acurite_api,"Accept-Encoding: gzip",30) 'defining object filter values country1 = "country" epoch1 = "epoch" humidity1 = "humidity" lat1 = "lat" lon1 = "lon" neighborhood1 = "neighborhood" obsTimeLocal1 = "obsTimeLocal" obsTimeUtc1 = "obsTimeUtc" qcStatus1 = "qcStatus" realtimeFrequency1 = "realtimeFrequency" softwareType1 = "softwareType" solarRadiation1 = "solarRadiation" stationID1 = "stationID" uv1 = "uv" winddir1 = "winddir" imperial1 = "imperial" metric1 = "metric" metric_si1 = "metric_si" uk_hybrid1 = "uk_hybrid" dewpt1 = "dewpt" elev1 = "elev" heatIndex1 = "heatIndex" precipRate1 = "precipRate" precipTotal1 = "precipTotal" pressure1 = "pressure" temp1 = "temp" windChill1 = "windChill" windGust1 = "windGust" windSpeed1 = "windspeed" 'parsing the api json to find start point for objects and extracting country2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,country1,2)+10 country = Mid (acurite_api,country2,2) epoch2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,epoch1,2)+8 epoch = Mid (acurite_api,epoch2,10) humidity2 =InStr (1,acurite_api,humidity1,2)+11 humidity = Mid (acurite_api,humidity2,2) lat2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,lat1,2)+6 lat = Mid (acurite_api,lat2,8) lon2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,lon1,2)+6 lon = Mid (acurite_api,lon2,8) neighborhood2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,neighborhood1,2)+16 neighborhood = Mid (acurite_api,neighborhood2,24) obsTimeLocal2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,obsTimeLocal1,2)+16 obsTimeLocal = Mid (acurite_api,obsTimeLocal2,24) obsTimeUtc2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,obsTimeUtc1,2)+14 obsTimeUtc = Mid (acurite_api,obsTimeUtc2,23) qcStatus2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,qcStatus1,2)+11 qcStatus = Mid (acurite_api,qcStatus2,2) realtimeFrequency2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,realtimeFrequency1,2)+20 realtimeFrequency = Mid (acurite_api,realtimeFrequency2,4) softwareType2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,softwareType1,2)+16 softwareType = Mid (acurite_api,softwareType2,14) solarRadiation2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,solarRadiation1,2)+17 solarRadiation = Mid (acurite_api,solarRadiation2,4) stationID2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,stationID1,2)+12 stationID = Mid (acurite_api,stationID2,12) uv2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,uv1,2)+4 uv = Mid (acurite_api,uv2,3) winddir2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,winddir1,2)+10 winddir = Mid (acurite_api,winddir2,3) imperial2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,imperial1,2)+11 imperial = Mid (acurite_api,imperial2,20) metric2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,metric1,2) metric = Mid (acurite_api,metric2,20) metric_si2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,metric_si1,2) metric_si = Mid (acurite_api,metric_si2,20) uk_hybrid2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,uk_hybrid1,2) uk_hybrid = Mid (acurite_api,uk_hybrid2,20) dewpt2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,dewpt1,2)+8 dewpt = Mid (Batt_volt,dewpt2,2) elev2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,elev1,2)+7 elev = Mid (acurite_api,elev2,4) heatIndex2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,heatIndex1,2)+12 heatIndex = Mid (acurite_api,heatIndex2,2) precipRate2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,precipRate1,2)+13 precipRate = Mid (acurite_api,precipRate2,4) precipTotal2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,precipTotal1,2)+14 precipTotal = Mid (Batt_volt,precipTotal2,4) pressure2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,pressure1,2)+11 pressure = Mid (pressure1,pressure2,5) temp2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,temp1,2)+7 temp = Mid (acurite_api,temp2,3) windChill2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,windChill1,2)+12 windChill = Mid (acurite_api,windChill2,3) windGust2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,windGust1,2)+11 windGust = Mid (acurite_api,windGust2,2) windSpeed2 = InStr (1,acurite_api,windSpeed1,2)+12 windSpeed = Mid (acurite_api,windSpeed2,3) CallTable SAFER_modbus_out CallTable Location_info CallTable full_Observations CallTable api_table CallTable logger_status NextScan EndProgBlue Badge parking scheme
The Blue Badge Scheme will help you park closer to your destination if you have a disability or health condition which affects your ability to walk.
You can use your Blue Badge in any vehicle as long as the person who owns the badge is travelling in the vehicle.
Make a new application for a Blue badge
Who can get a Blue Badge?
You can check if you can get a Blue Badge at the Gov.UK website. You will also find further information on the application process.
Apply for a Blue Badge
What you need to apply
Please send your documents by post, including your full name and address on your documents or scan them and email it to the Independenttravelteam@brent.gov.uk.
What happens after you've applied
It can take up to six weeks for you to receive your Blue Badge.
If your application is for the new Hidden Disability criteria, these applications are taking longer to process and our current processing times are 12 to 13 weeks.
You may be asked to do a mobility assessment. A health professional will look at your ability to carry out a range of mobility activities.
If we need any further information from you, we will contact you
Cost of a Blue Badge
There is a £10 charge for the Blue Badge.
Each time you renew your Blue Badge or apply for one, you will need to pay the £10 charge.
Once your application has been approved, you will receive a letter with a code and guidelines on how to make a payment online. We do not accept cash or cheques. If you apply and do not qualify, you will not need to pay the £10 charge.
Using your Blue badge
Where you can use your badge
The Blue Badge is valid throughout the European Union (please check local area for parking restrictions.
You can park without charge or time limit in:
- on street disabled bays
- on street pay and display or parking meter bays
- permit holder bays
- and for up to three hours on yellow lines when the Blue Badge is accompanied by a correctly set and displayed time clock.
You cannot use your Blue Badge where a ban on loading or unloading is in force. This is indicated by either double kerb markings or single kerb markings and a corresponding time plate.
The concessions provided under the scheme do not generally apply to off-street car parks, such as those at supermarkets and hospitals, or privately owned roads.
Congestion charge discount
If you hold a valid Blue Badge, you can register for a 100 percent discount. There is a £10 fee for this discount. This scheme is run by Transport for London.
Existing badge holders
Renew your badge
To renew your badge you will need to make a new application:
Please apply at least 6 weeks before your current badge expires. You will need to pay the £10 fee for a renewal.
Changing your vehicle
You do not need to update us if you have changed your vehicle as the Blue badge is issued to the holder who can use it in any vehicle they are travelling in.
Report your badge lost, damaged or stolen
If your Blue Badge has been lost or stolen, please complete the Blue Badge Replacement Form on our website.
There will be a £10 charge for all lost or damaged Blue Badges.
Returning your Blue badge to us
If the Blue Badge holder has passed away, please return the Blue Badge to:
Independent Travel Team, Brent Civic Centre, Engineers Way, Wembley, Middlesex HA9 0FJ
Additional support you can apply for
You cannot use the scheme for off-street parking. But you can apply for:
- a crossover marking - a white line marked on the road to prevent others from obstructing a disabled person`s driveway. Apply using the 'apply for white lines' form
- a disabled person's parking place
Motability scheme
The scheme allows disabled people to exchange their Higher Rate Mobility Component of Disability Living Allowance or War Pensioners' Mobility Supplement for:
- a new car
- a new powered wheelchair or
- a new scooter.
View more information about the scheme
Registering as a disabled person
Currently, due to COVID19 restrictions, we are unable to produce yellow cards until it is safe to return to the office.
If you have a disability you can apply to be registered as a disabled person and get a yellow card. This will allow you to receive concessions on accessing leisure facilities in Brent for registered disabled people.
To apply for a yellow card call us on 020 8937 5796 and press option one.
Things to Read
- Transport for All
- Disabled Motoring UK
- Blue Badge Scheme
- GOV UK: Disability Premiums (Income Support)
- Freedom Pass: London Councils
- TFL: Congestion Charge
- National Fraud Initiative
- medical conditions, disabilities and driving
Things to do
- Contact the Independent Travel Team via our contact us online form.
- GOV UK: Apply for Disability Living Allowance (DLA)
Fraud checks
The council carry out checks to prevent and detect fraud. All types of fraud and corruption allegations affecting the council are investigated, including those related to Independent Travel consisting of Blue Badge, Freedom Passes, Taxi-Card Service. View further information, including how we may file and retain records.115 Old Rochester Regional Junior High School students spent last Thursday and Friday with us. We ask each group for a “journalist” to write about their experience. Rather than our writing their story, they did. Student Chloe Bean had this to say:
“When I first found out that my 8th grade class was going to take a field trip to GiftsToGive, I was excited, but a little unsure of how we’d be helping out. What I learned is that at GiftsToGive, there are new donations being dropped off everyday, and therefore, there is always a job to be done. Many of my classmates were doing tasks like sorting and folding clothes, cataloging comic books and deciding their age levels, checking for missing pieces in puzzles and games, and even cleaning and dressing toy dolls. I helped out by cleaning toys and sorting them into boxes by category, and interviewing my classmates about their experience of the day in order to write this article.
Although GiftsToGive has a group of about sixty regular volunteers, a big part of why they are able to continue is because of the kids who come on field trips each week to do work like we did on our field trip. All of this work is making a big difference for the many children experiencing poverty in our area of the south coast. I learned that there are about 80,000 children living in poverty in our area, and that 10% of these children are homeless. Lots of them also end up skipping school because they are embarrassed by the clothes they have to wear. I find this really upsetting, because none of them did anything to deserve the life they have, just like how the more fortunate children of the world did nothing to deserve the privileges they are able to have. So, it made me feel really great to see how much effort the volunteers at GiftsToGive make in order to provide these children and people in poverty with nice looking, clean, high quality items, so that they might have a better day, and a greater sense of pride.
In addition to this hard work GiftsToGive goes through to provide children in need with clothes, toys, and supplies, they have started a program to serve good food made with hydroponic vegetables they are growing, through a new kitchen and event space within the building. GiftsToGive also has a thrift shop open on Saturdays, where they sell adult clothing. All of the proceeds from the shop go back to the organization, making it possible for them to expand their work and mission.
To see what other people thought about this experience, I interviewed a few of my classmates. Many of them thought that the organization would be a lot smaller, and that there would be fewer people helping out with the donations. But, as Mackenzye Caton said, “…it’s actually like a community, and lots of people come here to do good. And it’s nice!” Theo Jacobsen shared, “I expected it just to be boxing things and making care packages,” but he ended up determining the age level of comic books, which he liked. Others were surprised at how organized the building was considering all the toys, clothes, and other items they receive every day, and at how thoughtful the team of volunteers were to make sure that every package for the children had been inspected and cleaned with love and care. Hanna Whalley found the trip to be “…really informing,” and thought that “…it helped us become more aware.”
I’m glad that I was able to learn about the hard lives of some people in our area, and I’m glad that I was able to help out with the GiftsToGive mission of making those people’s lives a little bit better. I think that it is very important for people to be aware of this situation, and to be informed about places like GiftsToGive, so that they can donate or volunteer, as every little bit of support can make a huge difference. I liked how one of their senior volunteers, put it – when he told us that part of his goal was to, “depress us a little bit, and to inspire us a lot.” I think that having that mindset will allow our generation to fix not only poverty, but many other problems the world is facing right now, because only after people have grasped the urgency and severity of these problems will they be able to make a difference.”Some All Progressives Congress (APC) senators had Wednesday staged a walkout from the chamber in protest of the ascension of Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, to the platform to preside over the plenary in the absence of Senate President, Bukola Saraki.
Saraki had gone to the Presidential Villa to attend the swearing in of new ministers by President Muhammadu Buhari and consequently asked Ekweremadu to preside over the plenary.
However, the arrival of Ekweremadu into the chamber to preside over the session, irritated some APC senators who said they would not sit and watch a member of the minority Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) preside over the APC majority-controlled chamber.
They accused Saraki of handing over the Senate to Ekweremadu who preside over the plenary for the first time since June 9 when himself and Saraki were elected as the presiding officers of the Senate.
The aggrieved senators who walked out of the chamber vowed not to attend any plenary session presided over by Ekweremadu. The development quickly got to Saraki in the Villa and consequently, he hastened down to take over from Ekweremadu, a situation that never occurred when Ekweremadu was Senator David Mark’s deputy.
In the days of Mark as senate president, he never returned to the chamber to take over from Ekweremadu even when he returned to the Senate before the end of plenary. Instead, Mark would go straight to his office to enable Ekweremadu preside all through. But Saraki was compelled to return to the chamber to take over the plenary to avoid brewing crisis.
APC senators who walked out on Wednesday included the Chief Whip, Senators Sola Adeyeye, Abu Ibrahim, Oluremi Tinubu, Suleiman Kunkuyi, among others. Notwithstanding, the plenary continued as many other APC senators, including the Senate Leader, Ali Ndume, his deputy, Bala Ibn Na’Allah; Kabiru Gaya , Binta Masi Garba, Shehu Sani among others remained in the chamber while Ekweremadu presided.
After the plenary, Hunkuyi (Kaduna North), issued a statement, vowing that APC senators would reject any further attempt to allow a member of the minority party preside over their sittings.
The statement made available to THISDAY reads: “In equal stance, we notice with grave sadness, the handover of the hallowed chamber of the Senate today (yesterday) eight Senate, we wish to announce that we shall seize (sic) to attend any seating (sic) presided over by the PDP in an APC majority chamber of the eight Senate.”
Another APC senator who did not want to be named, told journalists that his colleagues would resist the next attempt by Ekweremadu to preside over the plenary by massively boycotting the session.
The bad blood generated by the development prompted Saraki to call the senators into a closed-door session after the plenary. The session lasted for one and half hour.
However, the Senate in an official reaction to the development last night, dismissed the allegation of conspiracy to hand over the Senate to PDP.
A statement by Senate’s spokesman, Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi, described the alleged conspiracy as nothing but the figment of imagination of those who made the claim.
He urged Nigerians to disregard the allegation, saying the Senate remained committed “to providing robust legislative actions to support the change agenda of the President Muhammadu Buhari government, adding: the “Bi-partisan stand of the Senate has not and will not be an impediment.”
But a PDP senator, Sam Anyanwu (Imo East), dismissed the action of APC senators as a mere waste of time, saying there is nothing the APC senators can do to stop Ekweremadu from presiding whenever Saraki is not around.Chiura Obata (1885–1975) was one of the San Francisco Bay Area’s most influential, respected, and beloved artists. Throughout his life, and particularly in times of great adversity, he found inspiration in what he termed “Great Nature” (Dai Shizen).
After emigrating from Japan to San Francisco in 1903, Obata became the Bay Area’s most prominent practitioner of the modern nihonga (Japanese Painting) movement, which sought to reconcile traditional Japanese and contemporary European schools of art. Accompanied by his wife Haruko Kohashi (1892–1989), who taught ikebana (flower arrangement), Obata gave public lectures and demonstrations that introduced Bay Area audiences to Japanese aesthetics and the art of sumi-e (brush and ink painting).Make breakfast a breeze with our new line of pancake mixes
They're a stack above the rest.
Almost everyone loves pancakes. But that doesn’t mean they love the same type of pancake. Some people enjoy a classic buttermilk version, while others like to switch it up with fun and flavorful add-ins.
Since we love pancakes so much here at King Arthur (like, seriously) we decided that everyone should be able to enjoy their pancake of preference, without any hassle. So we’re launching our new pancake mix line, made up of five different mixes to ensure there’s something delicious for everyone.
Whether you’re craving a classic buttermilk pancake, looking for something fun and celebratory, or want a stack that meets your dietary preferences, you’ll find a mix you can feel good about eating and sharing, all in easy-to-use (and recyclable!) packaging. Time to meet the line that’s a stack above the rest and find the mix that’s right for you.
The Gluten-Free Classic Pancake Mix isn’t actually new — it’s just got a whole new look. Our top-selling gluten-free mix, it has the same great taste wrapped up in spiffy new packaging (updated to be resealable, we might add). Fluffy, delicious, and also dairy-free, it has 21g gluten-free whole grains per serving for a breakfast that starts your day off right.
Power up your morning with this Gluten-Free Protein Pancake Mix. Not that you’ll miss the gluten: These pancakes are delightfully soft and fluffy. Plus, they're full of 14g plant-based protein and 4g fiber per serving, and they can also be prepared dairy-free.
If you want classic, diner-style buttermilk pancakes, you no longer need to keep buttermilk on hand or try to hack a suitable substitution. Instead, all you need are two ingredients: water and our new Buttermilk Pancake Mix. (You don't even have to crack an egg!) Made with real buttermilk, this mix produces delicious, tender pancakes in a pinch. (King Arthur blogger PJ Hamel says they're better than any pancakes she makes from scratch.)
For those following a keto diet or just looking to eat fewer carbs, Carb-Conscious Pancake Mix makes the ideal breakfast. With only 4g of net carbs, these keto-friendly pancakes are 1 less net carb than the leading competitor. And bonus: All you have to do is add water, so preparation is a breeze.
Everyone's morning could use a little more fun, whether it’s a sleepy Saturday or frenzied Monday. Confetti pancakes add color and celebration to breakfast, without any artificial flavors or synthetic colors. With only 5g added sugar, they’re the perfect start to the day for kids and adults alike.
It’s hard not to get excited about a stack of fluffy pancakes doused in maple syrup, whether they’re gluten-free, low-carb, or full of colorful sprinkles. But if you really want to go the extra mile and make a truly celebratory breakfast, try whipping up a multi-tiered confetti Birthday Pancake Cake.
Filled with maple-sweetened whipped cream and topped with sparkle syrup, this “cake” kicks off any day with sweet style. And makes the perfect celebration for our new pancake line launch!
All of these pancake mixes are currently available on our website, as well as in select supermarkets nationwide. Consult our product locator for exact locations.
Photos by Kristin TeigA events and misplaced power should make us feel uncomfortable. Growth and progress rarely happens inside our comfort zones.
But all this is grieving only validated where I've been putting my creative energy lately...
We need these reminders to be brave, be vulnerable, be ourselves.
Which brings me to some very exciting news...
On August 16th, a podcast shall be born!
and we shall call it, Bare Naked Bravery!
I told you I had some magic up my sleeves... ;)
I've already collected over 15 episodes (!!!) with 15 really wonderful people:
- ground-breaking public educators
- inspiring singer/songwriters
- change-making authors
- artists who'll make you want to go make stuff
- innovative business owners who kick butt every second of the day
- (just to list a few of them)
Why am I starting a podcast?
1. I love podcasts. I've been listening to them since I got my first iPod in 2004.
2. Talking about brave moments with people who inspire me is second nature.
3. Sharing brave moments with people who inspire me is my favorite thing.
4. Most importantly, we all need a little more bravery in our lives.
I can tell this little weekly show will be a BIG deal for more folks than just little ol' me.
There's already a BARE NAKED BRAVERY COLORING BOOK (!!!) featuring at least 10 different visual artists from around the world!
You guys.
A COLORING BOOK!
It all feels bigger than anything I can handle on my own...
If you want to join us in making this little podcast it's very best, I'm collecting applications to join the launch team!
Being a member of a launch team is a pretty cool thing. If you haven't done one before, I highly recommend it. You can click here to read more about it. (Note: Launch Team Applications are due by Tuesday July 19th.)
And if you're wondering about my other stuff, don't you fret your little head. The album is still in crowdfunding stage (65.35% funded!) and the book came back from my editor's (covered in gorgeous red ink!)
Leave a commentPlease log in or register to post a commentDONALDSON FILTERS
Donaldson filters deliver the most comprehensive line of filtration solutions for your trucks, fleets and construction equipment.Downtime means lost revenue. To keep your trucks on the road, you need filters that deliver superior performance – and a reliable supplier that offers complete coverage for your entire truck.
Filters are an important part of any truck maintenance program. They need to withstand the harsh demands of the road – the starts, the stops, the idling and the strain of a heavy load. Donaldson filters deliver the right combination of quality and value that help get your trucks to their next scheduled service without interruption.
Hengst – Industrial Filtration
Engine industry, and industrial and environmental engineering with innovative solutions for filtration and fluid management. For industrial filtration, Hengst offers a comprehensive line of products for many applications.
Showing all 2 results
- Show 12 Products
- Show 12 Products
- Show 24 Products
- Show 36 ProductsInnovation and musical talent
Collaboration with the Albéniz Foundation in the programme ‘Musical Innovation and Entrepreneurship’ at the Reina Sofía School of Music
- 40 young people took part in the programme, which covers two types of training: theory and practice.
- This programme aims to equip young students in order for them to perform their musical careers and also seeks to bring classical music closer to the general public.Bracon, Wesmael, 1838
Beyarslan, Ahmet & Erdoğan, Özlem Çetin, 2012, The Braconinae (Hymenoptera: Braconidae) of Turkey, with new locality records and descriptions of two new species of Bracon Fabricius, 1804, Zootaxa 3343, pp. 45-56: 52
No known copyright restrictions apply. See Agosti, D., Egloff, W., 2009. Taxonomic information exchange and copyright: the Plazi approach. BMC Research Notes 2009, 2:53 for further explanation.$66.95
$0.00
Vixen Guilty Pleasure Bralette & Panty
Many people hide theirs... But we've always felt that everything's better when shared, especially your Guilty Pleasure. This halter top bralette criss-crosses at the neck for a keyhole look, constructed with adjustable straps and a hook and eye closure. The panty reflects the same plush lace, finished with garters that are detachable for a versatile look. Features: - Plush Embroidered Lace - Keyhole Front - Detachable Garters - Hook & Eye Closure Colour: Black/White Fabric Content: 95% Nylon, 5% Spandex Washing Instructions: Hand wash separately in cold water. Do not bleach. Flat dry. Sizing Info: One Size Size: 2-12 (AUS 6-16) Bust: 32''-38'' Hips: 34''-38''Hotel du Vin (Cannizaro House) Situated on the south side of Wimbledon Common, Hotel du Vin & Bistro Cannizaro House is a 20-minute walk to Wimbledon’s All England Lawn Tennis Club. Already 200 years old when it was rebuilt in 1900, Cannizaro House now incorporates a new wing and glass extension. The Lounge bar is a symphony in Wedgwood blue and white with a working fireplace, comfy linen and leather seating. Décor in the 48 rooms is discreet with three styles of feature walls, comfy beds with good reading lights and some lovely leafy views- ©
- Justin Watts
Search this contributor Profile
-
- Buffalo River SP
Clay, Minnesota, United States
Search this location, Illustrated Checklist
- Age
- Unknown
- Sex
- Unknown
- Sounds
- Call
- Behaviors
-
- Breeding
-
-
- Playback
- Unspecified
Media notes
Calls twice here. This call sounds like a likely match to the 'Pee' vocalization for the species. Though may not be as diagnostic as the other included recording.
Observation details
Previously reported. Arrived at the reported location and was able to hear several Eastern Wood Pewees in the surrounding woods and found a pair of silent pewees very close to the trail (around 46.862, -96.464). Photos taken by Annabelle, but I don't believe this is very useful for the species. After an hour of watching these silent pewees they confronted each other and began giving calls distinguishing one as eastern wood pewee while the other gave the 'Pee' and buzzy 'Dzree' calls that look diagnostic for Western.
Technical Information
- Recorder
-
- Microphone
-
- Accessories
-
- Original file size
- 1,565KBUNPRODUCED SAMPLES. Matte Purple and green stripe DND dice set
$17.00
These are samples of a design that will be released, but not this version of it! There are only 3-4 sets of these total.
8 piece polyhedral dice set.
This set is a CozyGamer exclusive and is designed by Therin.
These are made for Dungeons and Dragons and other excellent TTRPGs as well as Magic The Gathering.Add to smarts: How to manage your Christmas spend this year
By Kimberly Gillan | Presented by Bendigo Bank|
Thankfully, festive fun and money stress don't have to go hand in hand. In fact, if you start getting organised now, you can get into the Christmas spirit without fretting about finances. Here's how.
1. Focus on loved ones
As much as Christmas is synonymous with gift-giving, Tracey Sofra, a financial advisor who specialises in women's financial confidence, says that reminding ourselves of the true meaning of Christmas can help keep spending in check.
"When it comes to Christmas, it's about sharing and coming together as a family and enjoying each other's company," she points out.
"It's not necessarily about present-buying. Most people just want to be with loved ones and share a good meal together."
If you're feeling the pinch this year, Raymonda Bechara, Bendigo Adelaide Bank Senior Manager – Wealth Concierge, suggests talking honestly with family and friends about ideas for reducing the Christmas cost.
"You might be surprised to learn that they also have wanted to raise the issue," Bechara says.
2. Know your numbers
As tempting as it can be to bury our head in the sand, Sofra says doing a "cash flow analysis" is crucial to stress-free spending any time of the year.
"You need to know what's coming into your account, and what's going out of the account, which can be done using an app or a spreadsheet [to determine] if there is a surplus," she advises.
Bechara says it can be helpful to set up a separate Christmas bank account to top up throughout the year.
"If you decide that you can afford $50 a week for this expense, set it aside in an account which you do not have easy access to, to reduce the temptation to use this money throughout the year," she says.
"Remember that whilst the temptation is there to spoil ourselves and our loved ones, putting items on credit or 'buy now, pay later' means that you will be paying for those goodies well after Christmas has passed, on top of your usual expenses."
3. Do some clever catering
It's not just Christmas Day that can threaten our budgets – all that December socialising can get costly if you don't plan ahead.
"Lunch and dinner menus tend to be more expensive, and are often accompanied with expensive alcoholic drinks," Bechara notes.
"So, consider catching up for brunch or a picnic in the park, which reduces the temptation to overspend on costly drinks and dinner menus."
Writing an extensive food and drinks shopping list at least a month before Christmas can also enable you to start stocking up on sale price non-perishable foods and drinks.
"You can sneak five or six items into your trolley each week in the lead-up to Christmas which won't affect your budget as badly as it would if you did a massive shop the week before," Sofra says.
4. Think ahead
When it comes to the essential pressies on your list, it can be prudent to snap up some sale items throughout the year – and remember, January is the cheapest time to stock up on decorations for next Christmas!
"At Christmas time, we can get caught up in the excitement and make some emotionally-driven purchases, whereas we may be more logical and less emotional about Christmas presents in July," says Sofra.
"Always ask yourself, 'Is this what this person definitely needs? Or is it that I'm caught up in the moment and should probably look at an alternative?'"
Gifts don't always have to be big-ticket items either.
"Get creative – put cookie ingredients in a mason jar with instructions on how to make them, or provide your friends with young children a voucher to babysit while they have a night out," Bechara suggests.
"Or, use your collective resources to create hampers for those in need which not only reduces the financial pressure but is rewarding and in the true spirit of giving.".Monthly Archives: November 2013
Q3 2013 Pittsburgh Industrial Market Highlights
Pittsburgh Earns Reputation of Conservative Market
The third quarter continued the trend established in the last several quarters. Slow and steady growth with a continuing decline in the vacancy rate – particularly among class A and B inventory. Deal activity witnessed a marginal increase resulting in a drop in overall vacancy from 8% to 7.9%.
Deals of significance include BFG Supply’s lease of 185,00 SF at 460 Nixon Road in the Northeast market and Gordon Food Service’s announcement that they will break ground on a 420,000 SF distribution center at the Findlay Industrial Park in the West. These larger transactions were supplemented by an uptick in 30,000 to 50,000 SF lease commitments – another positive sign.
Read the full Q3 2013 Pittsburgh Industrial Market Report
Q
Q3 2013 Pittsburgh Office Market Highlights
Pittsburgh’s Office Market Strength Continues
The market for office space in downtown Pittsburgh and its surrounding suburbs remains as vibrant and tight as ever. At 91.9%, the overall occupancy rate certainly surpasses the national average of just over 88%, and rental rates have climbed to $18.84 per square foot. Development continues to surge as well, with 132,136 square feet being delivered in the quarter and 1,617,255 square feet still under construction. Net absorption is at a positive 221,444 square feet in the third quarter.
Read the full Q3 2013 Pittsburgh Office Market ReportSoftware & Apps > MS Office 150 150 people found this article helpful Schedule an Email to Be Sent at a Later Time in Outlook Delay delivery of your Outlook emails for a more appropriate time By Heinz Tschabitscher Heinz Tschabitscher Writer University of Vienna A former freelance contributor who has reviewed hundreds of email programs and services since 1997. lifewire's editorial guidelines Updated on December 8, 2020 Go to Options > Delay Delivery, then select the Do not deliver before check box in the Properties dialog. Set a date and time for delivery.To change the delivery time or date, go to the Outbox folder, open the email, and select Options > Delay Delivery.To delay delivery for all emails, select the File tab, go to Rules and Alerts > Manage Rules & Alerts, and create a custom rule. This article explains how to schedule an email in Outlook. Instructions apply to Outlook 2019, 2016, 2013, 2010, and Outlook for Microsoft 365. Scheduling Delayed Delivery of Emails in Outlook Microsoft Outlook supports the scheduling of email messages to be sent at a later date and time instead of sending them immediately. Select New Email. Or choose an existing email and select Reply, Reply All, or Forward. In the message window, compose and address the message. Go to the Options tab and select Delay Delivery. In the Properties dialog, under Delivery options,. Under Info > Rules and Alerts, select Manage Rules & Alerts. In the Rules and Alerts, a if it isn't already checked.. If Outlook is set to work in offline mode at the scheduled time of delivery, Outlook automatically sends as soon as the account used for the message is working onlineWays to make money. The psychology of making money.
Content
- How to earn money online
- 25 Ways to Make Money Online and Offline - NerdWallet
- 10 Uncommon Side Hustles To Make Money (2020)
- 50 ways to make money
- 50 ways to make money - Which?
- 70 Creative Ways To Make Extra Money + How Much
- 32 Proven Ways to Make Money Fast
- How to Make Money Online: 28 Real Ways to Earn Money Online
In a bind? Need some fast cash?
.
Our thoughts are incredibly powerful. We have to be stewards of our thoughts. Once you find yourself thinking negatively, you need to jar yourself out of that.
- All reviews of dealing centers
- Minute strategy for binary options
- Blogs are one of the most popular ways to make money because they required little upfront costs and have huge upside potential.
- From online poker to selling your collection of Beanie Babies, there are lots of popular get-rich-quick, money-making ideas that always pop up.
- Statistics and trading robots
- Reports CME options.
How to earn money online
We have voices in our mind, and it's up to the ego to decide which one to fulfill. Its goal is to satisfy the id in some way while also attending to the super-ego. The ego's job is complete when it sees something like this. Ways to make money wary. Listen to the conversation deep within the confines of your mind and do your best to tame ways to make money proverbial beasts. What are the best ways to make money right away?
While a search online when you're in need of some fast cash will produce millions of results, not all will be legitimate.
25 Ways to Make Money Online and Offline - NerdWallet
It's up to you to filter through the so-called noise. These 32 strategies will help put you in the black, even if it's in a very small way.
10 Uncommon Side Hustles To Make Money (2020).
50 ways to make money. The mechanics don't matter much.
50 ways to make money - Which? ways to make money.
70 Creative Ways To Make Extra Money + How Much.
32 Proven Ways to Make Money Fast option structure and strategies but requires no overhead.
How to Make Money Online: 28 Real Ways to Earn Money Online
Items are printed and delivered on-demand. You simply receive a share of ways to make money proceeds.
.
- One touch in binary options
- Option yield charts
- Но тот молчал.
- Честь.
- What is a vendor option
- Bitcoin price real time chart.
- Make money on the Internet without investing in comments
- Local bitcoin localbitcoins vhod.[
sim card]
Check all SIM cards issued under a single Aadhaar: All you need to know
The Department of Telecom (DoT) recently launched a portal called Telecom Analytics for Fraud Management and Consumer Protection (TAFCOP).
Published on Aug 26, 2021 04:09 PM IST
Fake call centre racket targeting senior citizens busted, 6 arrested
They targeted senior citizens who had purchased insurance policies from different companies and lured them to deposit money to get a huge amount supposedly after their insurance policies matured
Updated on Sep 22, 2020 11:55 PM IST
Hindustan Times, Chandigarh | HT Correspondent, Chandigarh
Four arrested in Madhya Pradesh for developing fake IDs to get SIMs for online fraudsters
The SIM cards were sold to fraudsters in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Bihar for up to Rs 5,000.
Updated on Sep 11, 2020 10:30 AM IST
Hindustan Times, Bhopal | HT Correspondent
Bhopal police arrests 7 in fake Aadhaar card,voter ID scam
The arrested people created fake Aadhaar cards, voter ID through a banned Chinese App to get SIM cards for gangs, said police
Published on Aug 28, 2020 10:28 AM IST
Hindustan Times, Bhopal | Shruti Tomar
Illegal call centre busted for duping loan seekers
Seven people, including a sales promoter associated with a telecom service providing company, were arrested for cheating more than 500 loan aspirants to the tune of Rs 2.5 crore in the last two years, officials said.
Updated on Aug 11, 2020 11:13 PM IST
Power dept officials, Faridabad man booked for illegally supplying electricity to 45 farm houses in UP
Updated on Aug 01, 2020 01:37 AM IST
HT Correspondent, Chandigarh
Sushant Singh Rajput’s 50 SIM cards, other missing links call for CBI probe: Lawyer
Ishkaran Singh Bhandari, who is leading “a people’s movement” for justice, said Sushant Singh Rajput’s death should be treated as one of “mysterious death” until facts are ascertained by CBI.
Updated on Jul 26, 2020 08:33 AM IST
Hindustan Times, New Delhi |Aditi Prasad | Edited by Meenakshi Ray
Gangster Bishnoi’s man destroyed phone used for planning Sec 33 shooting
The SIM had reportedly been given to Banur by a friend when he was out on a 20-day parole.
Updated on Jun 12, 2020 12:52 AM IST
Hindustan Times, Chandigarh | Shailee Dogra
J-K govt extends 2G mobile internet services till April 15
Postpaid sim card holders shall be provided with access to internet. However, such access shall not be made available on prepaid sim cards unless verified as per the norms applicable for postpaid connections, the order said.
Published on Apr 04, 2020 05:15 AM IST
Jammu |Press Trust of India
Social media ban lifted in J-K, internet speed restricted to 2G
In a fresh order, the Jammu and Kashmir administration today said people would now be allowed unrestricted internet access with 2G speed. Internet connectivity shall continue to be made available with Mac-binding.
Updated on Mar 04, 2020 08:06 PM IST
1 killed, 12 injured as bus, truck collide near Jagraon
Truck driver was repairing the vehicle on the highway; bus driver failed to notice it, say eyewitnesses
Updated on Feb 05, 2020 10:43 PM IST
Hindustan Times, Chandigarh | , LudhianaHT Correspondent
2G mobile internet to be restored in Kashmir from midnight
According to a notification by the home department of Jammu and Kashmir administration, access to the internet with 2G speed on mobile phones will resume from January 25.
Updated on Jan 24, 2020 11:42 PM IST
Srinagar |Press Trust of India
5 arrested in MP’s Jabalpur for selling 7000 SIM cards to fraudsters
Police said the company’s owner Ashfaq Ahmed was arrested and during his interrogation, he told the police about the nexus.
Published on Dec 10, 2019 11:47 AM IST
Hindustan Times, Bhopal/Jabalpur | HT Correspondent
Ludhiana schoolteacher’s ID, photo used to fraudulently purchase SIM card, 2 booked
Complainant Satvinder Singh, a schoolteacher of Uplan village of Koomkalan, said he came to know that someone had been using a SIM issued in his name for forwarding objectionable messages to people, following which he lodged a case against the SIM dealers
Published on Nov 29, 2019 10:12 PM IST
Hindustan Times, Chandigarh | , LudhianaHT Correspondent
72% find Aadhaar convenient: Survey
The report, brought out by Dalberg and funded by the Omidyar Network India is in its third iteration and is based on findings from two national surveys that gathered perspectives of over 167,000 Indian residents.
Updated on Nov 26, 2019 05:32 AM IST
Help who sedated and robbed her employers of cash, jewels in Delhi’s Sarita Vihar arrested
Police said the woman had started working as help in the household just two days before the incident. She called over the two men, claiming they were her brothers who were coming to deliver her medicine.
Updated on Sep 16, 2019 06:16 AM IST
Stomach this: Tihar inmates caught swallowing mini phones to beat ban
Several Tihar Jail officers that HT spoke to said the trend of prisoners smuggling mini phones into the complex was on the rise. At least 19 other similar cases have been reported in the last month alone.
Updated on Aug 26, 2019 07:17 AM IST
Hindustan Times, New Delhi | Prawesh Lama
Four mobile phones, SIM cards seized from Bhondsi jail in Gurugram
The jail authorities have been regularly checking the barracks to ensure no inmate is using a cellphone within the premises. They recovered the cellphones and informed the police about it, and a case was registered at Bhondsi police station.
Updated on Aug 11, 2019 04:24 PM IST
Hindustan Times,Gurugram | HT Correspondent
Gurugram police conduct four-hour-long statewide drive to check for use of banned items
The additional director general of police (law and order), Navdeep Singh Virk, said the searches that were conducted simultaneously on Saturday were part of a statewide routine drive to check for unlawful activities and use of illegal devices and substances in jails and ensure that jail premises are not used for criminal activities.
Updated on Aug 03, 2019 10:39 PM IST
Gurugram | HT Correspondent
Army jawan held on charges of leaking info to foreign woman
Yadav was recruited in 5 Kumaon regiment of the army in March, 2017. He was posted at Amritsar in 2018 where he came in contact with a foreign woman.
Published on Jul 13, 2019 01:00 PM IST
Rohtak | HT Correspondent
Capturing Delhi in close circuit
Installing CCTV cameras to ensure women’s safety and providing free Wi-Fi in public spaces were two key poll promises of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) in the 2015 assembly elections.
Updated on Jul 01, 2019 08:26 AM IST
Hindustan Times, New Delhi |Sweta Goswami and Ashish Mishra
Sunday Drive with Hormazd Sorabjee: MG Hector is not as rugged as its SUV rivals, but scores with mile-long features list
The first product from MG Motor India is set to define what the brand stands for
Updated on Jun 30, 2019 01:16 AM IST
Hindustan Times | Hormazd Sorabjee
27-year-old cyber fraudster who duped citizen of Rs 90K held in UP
Police said the accused, Ram Ashish Faujdar Singh, a Mughalsarai resident, worked on a ship. Based on technical evidence, a team led by sub-inspector Sachin Choudhari arrested Singh from his home a few days ago.
Updated on Jun 03, 2019 04:38 AM IST
Hindustan Times, Mumbai | HT Correspondent
Cash van driver held for planning heist
In the robbery attempt, a man had entered the cash van at a road near Pul Prahladpur police station on Friday morning and tried to flee with a bag containing ₹14 lakh in cash.
Updated on May 14, 2019 07:50 AM IST
Explosives found buried in Sri Lanka mosque backyard
The explosives were recovered at Welipenna on Friday night during a joint operation carried out by the Special Task Force and the police, the Daily Mirror reported.
Updated on May 04, 2019 01:19 PM IST
Colombo |Indo Asian News Service
Man who tried to extort Rs 2.5 crore from ex-employer in Delhi held
Police said Jha allegedly procured a SIM card and also roped in his brother-in-law into the scheme. On Thursday, Jha allegedly called the businessman at around 1pm and demanded him to pay up Rs 50 lakh or face dire consequences. The victim first dismissed the threat.
Updated on Apr 09, 2019 07:27 AM IST
SC asks petitioners challenging Aadhaar ordinance to move HC
The ordinance that allows voluntary use of Aadhaar as identity proof for obtaining mobile SIM cards and opening bank accounts was accorded Presidential assent last month.
Published on Apr 05, 2019 11:27 PM IST
Mumbai businessman tries to buy VVIP mobile number, gets conned of ₹41K
On March 8, he received an SMS featuring the logo of a popular mobile network brand. It claimed that the company was offering VIP and VVIP numbers like 8800000000 and 9100000000 at a discounted price
Updated on Mar 31, 2019 01:00 AM IST
Hindustan Times | , MumbaiJayprakash S Naidu
Gang supplying SIMs to criminals busted
The police have identified the kingpin of the gang as Mohammad Shakeel (21), a B.Sc second-year student from Kannauj.
Published on Mar 30, 2019 05:06 AM IST
Lucknow businessman arrested for stalking, harassing Congress leader: Cops
Police said the suspect deleted his social media accounts and deactivated the SIM cards soon after the complainant posted the numbers on her social media account.
Updated on Mar 29, 2019 08:51 AM ISTGas Ranges & Stoves
Top Brand Gas Stoves and Ranges for Your Kitchen
- FILTER
- SORT
Gas Stoves and Gas Ranges
A high-quality gas stove is the cornerstone of any kitchen. No matter what you're making, it's likely you'll need a cooktop, oven, or both. With your new gas range you'll be able to saute, fry, and bake your way to amazing meals. Gas stoves give you versatility with the turn of a dial. They also offer benefits over their electric counterparts. The flame on your gas cooktop is easy to control with the dial so you can go to high to low heat in an instant. This temperature control reduces your energy costs. These stoves offer much more than the standard four burners, though. Modern options come equipped with up to 8 burners so you can cook multi-course meals with ease. These multi-burner models are perfect for those who entertain often or for professionals who are accustomed to a fully-loaded kitchen.
It's also important to consider what type of oven best suits your cooking style. Choose from a convection oven or conventional oven with the help of our convection vs. conventional oven guide comparing the two. A convection oven cooks food by circulating heat with fans, whereas conventional ovens cook food with heat that rises from the bottom and isn't circulated. Convection ovens cook food faster but this might require you to check on your food more often to prevent overcooking. Additional features will also influence which gas range you choose. A self-cleaning feature is important if you love to make large roasts or host a Thanksgiving dinner. Self-cleaning can take time, though, so you may want a model with a steam clean option for faster, more regular cleaning. Other gas stoves have an internal temperature sensor that can help when baking dishes like souffle or custard. Current gas ranges offer countless upgrades that can replace several appliances and keep your countertops open. Built-in griddles, air frying and more eliminate the need to buy multiple appliances. Make pancakes or healthier fried foods without walking away from your gas range. There are even gas stove models that have smart technology capabilities so you can ask your virtual assistants to set a timer or preheat gas ovens.
The Perfect Fit
With multiple sizes available, your gas stove is made to fit perfectly in your kitchen. Gas ranges are available in popular finishes like stainless steel or classic black but also come in colors like red or blue to transform your gas range from a reliable kitchen appliance to an attractive piece of home decor. We offer the top brands for gas ranges including Bertazzoni, Viking and GE. Gas ranges and gas stove models are available in both freestanding and slide-in options to adapt to your kitchen setup. Slide-in gas stove models are ideal to replace your existing range or if you're remodeling and want a seamless fit. Freestanding options are ideal for those who don't have space to fit a range into their existing setup and don't need to be attached to walls or cabinets. It can be hard to choose the right gas range for your home, especially when there are so many high-quality options available. Luckily, you can consult our kitchen range buying guide or call one of our kitchen experts at 800-860-3577 for recommendations. You'll be cooking professional-quality meals in no time no matter which range you choose.
Trending Videos
Product Video GalleryNew Jersey Agrees $130,000 HIPAA Settlement with Two Printing Companies
Two printing/mailing vendors have agreed to settle an investigation by the state of New Jersey that alleged multiple violations of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act (CFA). The settlement agreement includes a $130,000 financial penalty and a consent order that requires the companies to implement new security policies.
The two companies – Command Marketing Innovations (CMI) and Strategic Content Imaging (SCI) – are both based in New Jersey and were involved in a data breach that saw the personal and protected health information of almost 56,000 New Jersey residents impermissibly disclosed to other individuals.
The incident in question dates back to 2016 when the two companies were contracted with a large New Jersey managed healthcare organization to print and mail explanation of benefits statements. In 2016, SCI changed its printing processes which resulted in a printing error that caused the last page of an individual’s explanation of benefit statement to be associated with another member’s statement. The error occurred with mailings between October 31, 2016, and November 2, 2016, and affected 55,715 New Jersey residents.
The error was not identified by SCI and CMI and the explanation of benefits statements were mailed. The incorrectly associated sheets included information classed as PHI under HIPAA, such as claims numbers, dates of service, provider/facility names, and descriptions of services provided relating to the medical care individuals had received.
Under state and federal laws, business associates of health insurers are required to implement safeguards to ensure the confidentiality of sensitive data and to identify potential threats that could result in the exposure of that information. After being notified about the data breach, the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs (DCA) launched an investigation to determine if there had been a violation of state and federal laws.
New Jersey Acting Attorney General Andrew Bruck and the DCA announced on November 10, 2021, that the investigation determined the companies had violated the HIPAA Rules by failing to ensure the confidentiality of the PHI of 55,715 individuals, failing to protect against a reasonably anticipated unauthorized disclosure of PHI, and failing to review and modify security measures, as necessary, to ensure reasonable and appropriate protection of PHI.
SCI and CMI disputed the findings of the investigation but agreed to settle the case. Under the terms of the consent order, $65,000 of the financial penalty will be suspended from the settlement amount but must be paid if the companies fail to comply with the consent order.
The consent order requires the companies to change their business practices and adopt new security measures to better protect sensitive information and identify vulnerabilities and threats to PHI.
“Companies that handle sensitive personal and health information have a duty to protect patient privacy,” said Acting Attorney General Andrew Bruck. “Inadequate protective measures is unacceptable, and we will hold companies accountable if they bypass our laws, cut corners, and put privacy and security at risk.”
The HITECH Act of 2009 gave state attorneys general the authority to pursue financial penalties for HIPAA violations. New Jersey is one of several states to have taken legal action against companies for HIPAA violations and has been one of the most active states in HIPAA cases in recent years.
In October 2021, Diamond Institute for Infertility and Menopause paid a financial penalty of $495,000 to resolve HIPAA violations that contributed to a breach of the PHI of 14,663 New Jersey residents, EmblemHealth paid the state $100,000 in 2019 over a mailing error that exposed the Social Security numbers of 6,443 state residents and, also in 2019, Best Transcription Medical paid a financial penalty of $200,000 over the exposure of the PHI of 1,650 individuals via the Internet. The state has also participated in several multi-state actions against other companies that violated HIPAA.Daton Fix is an American wrestler competing collegiately and internationally. At the 2021 Senior world Championships in Oslo, Norway, Fix earned a silver medal at 61 kg. He is a 2-time NCAA Finalist and two-time Big 12 Champion. He hails from Sand Springs, Oklahoma where he compiled a perfect 168-0 high school record with four state titles at Charles Page High School.About 16 US military personnel are disciplined for missile strikes on civilian hospital in Kunduz that killed 42 people.
Pentagon investigation says strike on MSF clinic, which killed 42 people, was a mistake and therefore not a war crime.
The US military has said that a deadly air strike on a Doctors Without Borders (MSF) hospital in Afghanistan last year was a mistake and therefore not a war crime.
Technical and human error led to the attack, General Joseph Votel said on Friday as he presented the results of an internal investigation into the October 3 incident in the northern Afghan city of Kunduz.
At least 42 people, including 24 patients, 14 staff and four caretakers, were killed and 37 others wounded in the air strike, which destroyed the MSF hospital building and prompted widespread condemnation from human rights groups.
“The personnel involved did not know that they were striking a medical facility,” the investigation report concluded.
“The intended target was an insurgent-controlled site which was approximately 400 metres away from the MSF Trauma Center.”
The hospital was mistaken for another building controlled by the Taliban, Votel told reporters at the Pentagon.
The hospital was on a list of buildings not to target, but the aircraft crew did not have access to the list owing to problems with a radio system, he added.
.
“The label war crimes is typically reserved for intentional acts – intentionally targeting civilians or intentionally targeting protected objects or locations.”
MSF said it was reviewing the report to determine if it addressed questions that remained after the attack, but the international medical charity said it was not satisfied with an investigation carried out only by the military rather than an independent body.
“Today’s briefing amounts to an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war,” MSF President Meinie Nicolai said in a statement.
“It is incomprehensible that, under the circumstances described by the US, the attack was not called off.”
The US cannot “escape their responsibilities on the battlefield simply by ruling out the intent to attack a protected structure”.
Sixteen military personnel, including a general officer, were singled out for discipline, but none will face criminal charges, Votel said.
Punishments included suspension and removal from command, letters of reprimand, counselling and retraining, the military said. Five people were ordered out of Afghanistan.
Exact details about punishments and who was involved were withheld owing to privacy concerns.
The US will also make payments to the victims and their families and spend $5.7m on rebuilding the hospital, the DPA news agency reported.
The military was also instituting reforms to prevent such mistakes in the future, including changes into how its no-strike list is accessed.
US President Barack Obama had been briefed on the report, spokesman Josh Earnest said.2Strand Blue Lapis Stone Sterling Silver Chain Necklace 202 Strands Gold MU3ODuwlj
- Product Code: MU3ODuwlj
- Availability: In Stock
- $26.57 $13.45
SS Crys./Hem./Bl.Quartz/Recon.Turq./Agate 2-Strand w2in ext Necklace
Length 24 in
Material Primary - ColorWhite
Finish Polished
Stone Type_3 Crystal
Stone Type_5 Agate
Stone Color_1 Blue
Stone Color_2 Grey
Stone Color_4 Blue
Length of Item 24 in
Chain Length 24 in
Chain Width 14.5 mm
Clasp /Connector Lobster (Fancy)
Clasp Thickness (Female end) 1 mm
Clasp Thickness (Male end) 1.5 mm
Clasp Width (Female end) 6 mm
Clasp Width (Male end) 6 mm
Extender Length 2 in
Feature Multi-Strands
Manufacturing Process Extruded
Item Weight U/M gm
Width of Item 14.5 mm
Product Type Jewelry
Jewelry Type Necklaces
Sold By Unit Each
Necklace Type Natural Stone
Stone Creation Method_1 Natural
Stone Creation Method_2 Natural
Stone Creation Method_5 Natural
Stone Type (Other)_1 Other Quartz
Stone Type (Other)_2 Hematite
Stone Type (Other)_4 Turquoise (Reconstructed)
Manufacturing Process 2 Die Struck
Customized items can not be returned
All materials are genuine and fine-jewelry standard guarantee
perfect for personal wear or gift for your love to mark your special moment. Surprise gift for valentineanniversaryengagementweddingbirthdayChristmasnew year,graduation or any special moments in life
Free gift box and gift wrap are available for gift-odrers. Please let us know at check our if you have any additional request
Exceptional customer services. 21 days money back or exchange guarantee. Your satifaction is our priority. Please feel free to contact us if you have any additional request. We are happy to work with.For Schools
Find out about what our schools are doing
Eco-Schools
The Eco Schools programme is a process and an award scheme with Bronze, Silver and Green levels, whereby schools work towards increasing pupil participation in taking responsibility for the school environment. Pupils and staff form an Eco-Committee to encourage the whole school to address areas of concern and have an Action Day when their successes can be highlighted.
The Bronze and Silver Awards are self-assessed by the schools over the Internet. For the Green Flag Award, assessors visit the school, after their application document has been submitted, and the school's merits are judged. The Green Flag Award is the highest award achievable and only valid for two years.
Scottish Schools registered under the Eco-School project have support from the Scottish Executive. In England, schools under the same project do not get any support from their government, whether local or national.
Topics covered with the Eco School's Programme include:
- Litter
- Waste Minimisation
- Energy
- Water
- Transport
- Healthy Living
- School Grounds
The Eco Schools process is holistic. It works by involving the whole school - pupils, teachers, non-teaching staff and governors - together with members of the local community - parents, the local authority, the media and local businesses. It will encourage teamwork and help to create a shared understanding of what it takes to run a school in a way that respects and enhances the environment. Eco Schools offer any school which wishes to become involved:
- an opportunity to make environmental issues a part of the life of the school
- an opportunity to help develop young people's decision-making skills
- curriculum materials and ideas for projects and events
- access to a network of support agencies
- links with other schools in the UK and Europe
- a prestigious award
- opportunities for local and national publicity
- potential for financial savings
This programme requires:
- the support of the Head Teacher
- a willingness to involve pupils in decision-making and action at every stage
- active involvement of staff and the wider school community
- a willingness to take action to instigate long-term change
Throughout West Lothian there are 55 schools involved in the Eco School's Programme, with various schools having received Eco School Awards.
Young Reporters for the Environment
Young Reporters Scotland (YRS) is part of an international initiative which empowers and encourages young people to investigate and report on environmental concerns and issues of sustainable development.
For more information and to get involved, visit Young Reporters Scotland.
Low Carbon Skills Learning Resource.
Curriculum for Excellence takes its shape around capacities that enable young learners to live adaptively in a changing culture and an increasingly unpredictable world. Keep Scotland Beautiful's programmes for sustainable development education provide experiences which help learners to build deep, rich and connected understanding of environmental and sustainability issues in a global and local context, mobilising youth action and decision making and supporting the formation of key skills for living, learning and working in a complex and changing world.You can use cPanel's Cron Job feature to run Unix commands and/or automate the execution of your PHP, Perl, or Python Scripts. You can also specify an email address that the Cron daemon will send the job's results to.
How to get to the Cron Job Page in cPanel
Follow these instructions to navigate to the Cron job page in cPanel:
- Login to cPanel. (yourdonain/cpanel)
Scroll down until you find the Advanced section.
Click on Cron jobs. This will bring you to the Cron Jobs page.
Setting up the Email Notification
Your cron job can notify you through email everytime it runs. Simply type in the email address you wish to use in the field labeled Email, then click on the Update Email button. If you don't want the notification, then you would need to redirect the command's outpupt like this:
mycommand >/dev/null 2>&1
The "mycommand" would be replaced by your command.
Set up a New Cron job
Specify when the cron job will run. The order is:
[minute] [hour] [day] [month] [weekday] [command]
41 04 * * * /my/script -v
This will run every morning at 4:41AM. The * is a wild card, meaning "every day/month, etc" For example; 41 04 * * * = every 41 minutes of every 4th hour of every.Genesis announced their plans for electrifying their entire lineup starting in 2025. After 2025 they plan to become a 100 percent zero emission vehicle brand by 2030 and aims to become carbon neutral by 2035
- Genesis unveils the blueprints for electrification of its entire vehicle lineup for a sustainable future
- Under the dual electrification strategy, all new vehicles will be purely electric starting from 2025 with fuel cell EVs and battery EVs
- Genesis plans to become a 100 percent zero emission vehicle brand by 2030 and aims to become carbon neutral by 2035
SEOUL, Korea, September 1, 2021 – Today, Genesis announced its for driving. GV60, the brand’s first electric vehicle based on E-GMP (Electric-Global Modular Platform), the dedicated EV platform. Images of GV60 were revealed in August and the vehicle is to be released in the second half of this year in the Korean domestic market, leading the brand’s journey to electrification. North American deliveries of GV60 are expected in 2022.
The signature Two Lines design theme also flows through the video, tracing the company's progress towards the sustainable future led by their line of luxury EVs as a conversation between Global Head of Genesis Jay Chang and Chief Creative Officer Luc Donckerwolke explores the company’s move to electrification.
The brand’s new vehicles will all be purely electric starting from 2025. To drive the shift to electrification, Genesis will focus on a dual electrification strategy involving fuel cell and battery EVs. its goal to pursue a carbon neutral brand by 2035. This is first time for a member of the Hyundai Motor Group to announce the transition, and will solidify the brand as a leader in the luxury vehicle brand. EV lineup consisting of eight models and expects global sales to reach 400,000 units per year.
In addition, starting with GV60, Genesis will continue to provide sincere interactions with its customers through its EV lineup and for its drivers as a luxury brand. The company sees the new electric lineup as an exciting platform to improve the way it interfaces with customers, while Genesis’ new architecture will integrate audacious technologies and breathtaking designs into its vehicles, providing truly detail-oriented experiences.
Genesis presented various concepts for the future vehicles within the video including Stage Doors, which open the front and rear doors in the opposite direction without a B-pillar. Rotating Swivel Seats and mood lighting create a sense of comfort surrounding the driver, while climate control is taken care of by the new heating system inspired by the Korean “Ondol” heating. The brand also presented an improved high-fidelity sound system that makes drivers and passengers feel like they’re sitting on stage with the orchestra.
.” The campaign aims to communicate the full range of experiences that Genesis puts into its vehicle designs, services and more while evoking a variety of emotions using epic visuals and sounds from nature.
Through the film Genesis hopes to help drivers envision what a luxury automotive brand can offer them, by delivering a tranquil and harmonious driving environment to balance the challenges of a fast-paced urban life. As a luxury brand, Genesis interprets design in a broader sense as a unique and lasting tool to shape a better world.
Following the Brand Campaign footage, Genesis ended today’s livestream with exclusive footage teasing a future in air mobility.BigBuy Fun
Fire Engine Rescue Team Remote-controlled 111965
€12.43
Children deserve the best, that's why we present to you Fire Engine Rescue Team Remote-controlled 111965, ideal for those who seek quality products for their little ones! Get at the best prices!
- Scale: 1:48
- Approx. dimensions: 35 x 14 cm
- Colour: Frequency
- 27 MHz: Recommended age
- 3+ Years: Includes
- Remote control: FunctionsOur Mission
Mission Statement
“To transform the public perception of the used car industry into one of an honest, positive profession.”
“To work positively as a team to achieve our vision by treating every customer with respect and care. We will listen to their needs and strive to provide them with the best product we can find. We will be transparent and provide the customer with all the information we have. We will make every effort to make sure all of our vehicles are safe, reliable and affordable.”
At Foster Auto we believe in:
Self-Improvement: By constantly learning & providing guidance to one another, striving to be positive in our outlook.
Gratitude: To one another as well as our customers and vendors for all their help and a job well done.
Communication: We will communicate in a transparent, caring, consistent and honest manner to our customers and to one another.
Supporting & Valuing: One another and our community. We will work co-operatively to provide the best experience for our customers.
Pride of Ownership: Believing in ourselves and our company. We will display honesty in all our dealings and have the company’s and the customer’s best interests at heart.
Excellence: Providing the best product, the best experience and the best service that we can by going that “extra mile.”This 2-piece sleeper sectional is a fresh style awakening. Cleverly melding form and function, it’s the ultimate solution for small-space living. Corner chaise with cushioned lift top reveals loads—and loads—of handy storage space. Accessible with subtle fabric tabs, the sofa/sleeper comfortably accommodates overnight guests and includes USB charging ports. Chic pillow top armrests, divided back channel tufting and a gorgeous gray chenille upholstery make this sleeper sectional a sight for sore eyes.that you use a blanket as an insulation layer. The heat guideline this water-cooled bed mattress pad delivers will not only improve your sleep however cold therapy will also help you slim down, reduce hot flashes, minimize insomnia, prevent night sweats throughout the night, and ensure that both you and your partner sleep easily during the night even if you have completely various heat choices. Although there are no comfort problems to report from this, some users do not like needing to remember to put each side individually if they are lone sleepers. However, if you have a partner, you will definitely like this feature. In general, the mattress pad is thin yet features great deals of extra cushioning. The silicone tubing is made of medical-grade material. You will not feel the tubes under the pad when you lay on your bed mattress if you are not really delicate. It is readily available for all bed sizes and can be used with a waterproof mattress protectorjust in case! Sound Level-Is chili, PAD
Loud? The chili, PAD can run for up to 10 hours without stopping, so the noise it releases is vital if you desire to get a good night’s rest. If you currently utilize a white noise device, fan that is runningand many reported that after a while they had the ability to get utilized to it. Putting the cube at the foot of the bunk will permit the mattress and blankets to act as a kind of , which will reduce the sound. If you understand you can not manage definitely any sound, then this might not be the best gadget for you. However, if you wish to muffle the noise with a different selection on a separate sound maker, aka white noise maker, then that is certainly an alternative lots of users have actually taken as well. One of the most common”problems” among users who have two various control units is that they typically mix up their remotes. This can be quickly repaired by identifying each remote. If you ever misplace your cordless remote, or if it runs out of batteries and you don’t have any to replace them with,. This factor can identify how warm or cool you can set your device to.
Because the chili, PAD cube uses the bedroom temperature around it to reach the temperature you want. In spite of this specification, numerous users find that the device still provides impressive temperature changes even when the temperature level in your house is too hot or too coldit just takes it longer to get there. Can You Schedule Temperature Throughout Night? The one downfall this system has, nevertheless, is its failure to schedule your own temperature preferences during the night. As we pointed out previously, some studies show that body requires to cool off during our rapid eye movement phase which a gradual boost of our body temperature enables us to get up at the proper timewhen our bodies are all set and have actually gotten the best amount of rest. This also suggests that it will not get used to your body getting too hot or too cold during the nightwhich might wake you up if you are delicate to heat changes. Lots of users do not mind that they can’t set up temperature modifications. Nevertheless, I think that this is a great function to have, and if you wish to have the ability to arrange heat levels and produce your own temperature level profile(s ), then I suggest to have a look at this brand-new bed cooler, launched
in 2019, from Chili Innovation. If you suffer from hot flashes or night sweats, you will find this feature to be important when you get utilized to it. The single-zone chili, PAD sizes are the single, twin XL, divided cal king, and full sizes. They feature one chamber in the bed mattress pad and just deliver one choice for environment control. They have two different chambers so that you can link a cube to each one. This implies that each side of the bed surface area can be controlled
and set to 2 various temperature level settingsmaking it best for couples! According to user evaluations of chili, PAD, the chili, PAD does a terrific job of keeping each side of the bed at the temperature you set, although often there are irregularities. Prior to you could not put the system under your bed mattress, nevertheless, if you get
its new and improved design, then you will have that choice nowjust ensure you have bed risers embeded in location. which is easy to do thanks to the long tubing the system features. This placement lessens its sound output as wellso it is a win-win for many users. Finally, when you use the heating portion of the cube, you will discover that the water vaporizes much faster also. Numerous individuals keep a gallon or 2 of pure water on hand just in case. Cleaning your chili, PAD Cube and Mattress Pad In the past, the Chili Innovation typically suggested utilizing hydrogen peroxide to clean the system; nevertheless, they released the chili, PAD System Cleansing Service, a specifically prepared cleansing powder with antimicrobial active ingredients.
Turn it on high and run it for 1 hour. Once it is done, you can drain it and refill it with the correct amount of pure water. When you require to clean the pads throw it in your washer and use cold water. Simply make sure to follow the instruction handbook to ensure you protect the microtubes properly. International deliveries are offered for many areas worldwide for an additional cost. However, it is essential to keep in mind that if you purchase this device via Amazon, you will only receive a 30-day warranty
, rather of the 90 days you will have if you are purchasing straight from the business. Yes. it costs about 18 per night under typical use conditions. A central air conditioner uses between 3000 to 5000 watts of electricity per hour. Thinking about that you might not even need to utilize your thermostat at all during the night, chili, PAD can help you to conserve around$ 100 per month on energy expenses. Not only is this system easy to install and utilize, however you will also feel comfy, and it is simple to clean and preserve, and a flexible gadget to use. PROS Just utilizes 170 watts when utilizing both cubes Offered for all basic sizes Terrific for hot
sleepers and lowers sweating at night and hot flashes Supplies both heating and cooling settings Ideal heater. The approach my mat was packaged, the
tube was tucked along the underside of the mat and, based upon what I saw in the user’s handbook, I thought it was expected to stay that approach. My bed room isn’t small, but I do not have a great deals of surface location spacemy nightstand is complete and my cabinets are rather tallso I improvised by bringing my desk chair over to the foot of my bed and positioning the cube there. This worked fine, however didn’t look excellent, and made it difficult directions you want and, for fantastic step, the temperature in degrees flashes on a little screen when you press a button. Once I got utilized to where the cooling was coming from, it felt fantasticor, a minimum of, I think it did. It wasn’t as actively undesirable, however I might still feel the shape of the water”capillaries” listed below me. That said, individuals in reviews on Chilipad’s website appear to like the sensation instruction sales brochure and thewebsite’s repairing area are truly clear about the possibility of condensation, and I should have inspected there first). If you or somebody in your life has unmanageable night sweats, start with a medical visit. Your physician might be able to discover and treat the hidden illness.” If you like a cold bed, this thing is impressive,”he informed me in an email. And he informed me an associate has found it practical for menopausal clients. On the flip side, Winter season stated that its.
slight hum can be bothering for some individuals, I have really seen evaluations voicing this exact same issue from folks who choose to oversleep a quiet room. Use this link for the most existing discount rate on chilisleep bed mattress toppers Chili, Sleep supplies products developed to help prevent sleepers from overheating throughout the night. Presently, business utilizes a cooling blanket and two cooling sleep systems: the Chilipad and
the OOLER. The Cube Sleep System with Chilipad Cool Mesh likewise comprehended as simply the Chilipad is a bed mattress pad with integrated water tubes. Many individuals have a tough time to sleep when they are too hot or cold, and bed mattress made with heat-retaining products such as memory foam can intensify this problem. If you’re searching for a method to sleep cooler without.
changing your bed mattress, the Chilipad might be a fascinating choice. We’ll likewise cover sleep trial, guarantee, and shipping policies, and discuss how to care for your Chilipad so you can get the most out of your monetary investment. Materials items and building of the Chilipad.Happy Friday ya’ll! I am on my way to Waco, my very first visit to Texas, for a much needed girl trip. Enjoy these beautiful colors and spaces from Instagram today. Have a beautiful weekend!
Peppercorn by Sherwin-Williams
Aleutian by Sherwin-Williams
Chatura Gray by Sherwin-Williams
Barn Door paint color: Whale Gray by Benjamin Moore
Collingwood by Benjamin Moore
(love the light)
See more paint colors of Instagram here. Thanks so much for stopping by!COVID-19: 'Zoombombers' hitting with regularity as apps like Zoom gain in popularity
“We absolutely condemn these types of attacks and deeply feel for anyone whose meeting has been interrupted in this way.” — Zoom CEO Eric S. Yuan
Article content
The B.C. Education Ministry is confident that its new K-12 teaching platform on the Zoom meeting app is secure, despite the hackers — called zoombombers — increasingly targeting online meetings to spread mischief or hate.
Advertisement
Article content
In the U.S., the FBI is hearing reports of videoteleconferencing hijacking, including disruptions by pornographic or hate images, and threatening language, it said in a news release.
tap here to see other videos from our team.
COVID-19: 'Zoombombers' hitting with regularity as apps like Zoom gain in popularity Back to video
In March, a U.S. high school reported that during a class on Zoom, which allows multiple users to sign on to the same screen, a hacker dialed in, yelled a profanity and shouted out the teacher’s home address. A second U.S. school reported an outside individual with swastika tattoos appearing online during a lesson, the FBI said.
“Online learning could have privacy and safety implications if students’ online activity is not closely monitored,” the FBI said.
The FBI recounted how, in 2017, cyber actors hacked into several U.S. school districts and used student contact information, medical records and counselling reports to extort and threaten students with violence and the release of their personal details. They sent emails to the parents and to police, posted the personal data on social media and “stated how the release of such information could help child predators identify new targets.”
Advertisement
Article content
A Vancouver school board spokesman said there have been no hacking incidents in its district.
And Vancouver police spokeswoman Const. Tania Visintin said in an email: “We have not received any reports of hackers targeting online meetings. We do encourage anyone who is a victim of this to report it to police.”
The federal government’s Canadian Centre for Cyber Security (Cyber Centre) said it was aware of the FBI alert, warning of the possibility of hackers on virtual platforms, including those offering education technology, spokesman Evan Koronewski said in an email. He recommended anyone working remotely to review its online guidance document on telework security at cyber.gc.ca .
“The security aspects of Zoom have not been assessed by the Cyber Centre and it has not been approved for any Government of Canada discussions that require secure communications,” Koronewski said.
Advertisement
Article content
A B.C. Education Ministry spokesman said in an email that the Zoom application provided to schools is safe from hackers because it has many security features that aren’t available on the free Zoom version.
“The Zoom server will be based in Canada and not the free version garnering attention in the U.S.,” he said.
The app has been reviewed by the government and is also used by public sector organizations, he said.
The FBI recommended to not use the public setting for meetings or classes, and said sign-on should require a password. It also suggested emailing the link rather than posting it online, among other safeguards.
Zoom, which has signed up more users in 2020 than it did all last year, is popular because it’s free and has an intuitive interface. There are other similar apps, including Skype, Google Hangouts and Facebook Live.
Advertisement
Article content
Zoom has been adding protective features to prevent “zoombombing”, CEO Eric S. Yuan said on Zoom’s website. His post acknowledged the “harassment,” noting the company now uses the ‘bomber’ term for hackers instead of the old “party crashers,” because “given the more serious and hateful types of attacks that have (emerged since March 20), that terminology clearly doesn’t suffice.”
“We absolutely condemn these types of attacks and deeply feel for anyone whose meeting has been interrupted in this way,” said Yuan.
But University of B.C. Assoc. Prof. Karthik Pattabiraman said Zoom is particularly vulnerable to hacking because the company designed it without the security measures that are standard in the cybercommunity. And he said meetings that only need the nine-digit ID number to join are easy to infiltrate because hackers have a good chance of guessing the nine-digit number.Two days ago, the smoke activity has not slept …
In the new case J12, Switzerland reinforced 6 points and the old force depends on the weight. Each line turns the resistors and mechanisms, such as the timing of temporary power data and Fake Panerai Automatic its functions. The most important thing is black, white and red mix. Because Ruga uses a high pressure ring to collect nearly 35.6 mm diamonds.The current FC-718 has 26 jewels, which can be seen at the back of the Sapphire crystal glass. All programs are elegant and beautiful. The level of exercise and funds is very stable.
For Fake Panerai Automatic a wonderful clock, no one thinks a lot of work and fish. In the metal era, there is a movement of valjoux fake luminor panerai and the tank is equipped with a simple axis. In summer, even if the clock will not stay in the water, the matrix will also be better developed. Participate carefully on the panerai replica swiss movement rope surface and panerai horloge replica help catch the wrist. Vertical segment 34 mm and black use clock.
This price includes a famous Swiss fund, 44 people. Chaux-de-punch. Participants are enterprise companies because they are created in 2004. Beautiful coloring expressions can also be relaxed.
You can see the back of sapphire glass and omega 8806 sports. This is the Fake Panerai Automatic change of the SICO investigator. The New York store sells jewelr.
Time” means that the purpose of the author must know the best future. The phone shows a good idea.Today’s unit also runs old courses. Modern cars can be changed through the car. Click the button Fake Panerai Automatic at 100 meters from the calf.Integrated demand of the White Wee. This package is a legendary lunch. The following task stages are used to lose weight, lose weight loss, 45 degrees and other organizations for each country. The external loop is destroyed the life of four rounds of 52 mA. Flint visits the Spanish Opera Lenovo Visited obviously.This dynamic is a height of lead and hot wheel. This is 2,800 hours per hour.
Panerai Pam Best Replica
International trade and communication.A linear cable is a beautiful design.
This time, the owner of 2018 increases at the highest level.34 need special Fake Panerai Automatic oval informatio. 8 LERES VALENTOTINO ROSS won the first season after the super competition. Diamond Diamond 6069 Macro Weight 27.93 Cara.
Panerai Fiddy Fake
Only Dior can only agree with the decoration or four caves. The oldest buyer is a citizen. Zenith Defy Zero G 0 Golden Ready, Black Tire Lid Blue Xiav, 44mm Price: RMB 83490. 30 years ago, Carrim published tourists from panerai luminor marina replica around the world. In this case, it is a happy home that shows the design and solution of the spindle. Monte Blanc is known for stationery.Special Design Envelope – Excellent Review and Very Ol. The time is 35 mm in diameter. In addition to the practice of crazy medicines, there are many fingers to regulate on the surface. Stainless steel stainless steel and maximum 34.15 m. External effects (as pace).
Los Angeles, Honolulu, Buenos Aires, Fake Panerai Automatic Sydney, Buenos Aires, Sydne.
This view will increase the old solo size and create modern whales using the new project.The history of fake panerai automatic fake panerai luminor equipped with a black ceramic ring without configuration in luxury and 60 minutes. SELOVTON is an attractive and honest design. I will go to the theater today. American astronomy Olara is the enthusiasm of Italy.The Australian cricketer with the most relevant experience of the pink ball to be used in next summer's day-night Test experiment against New Zealand admits he could not see the ball when fielding and has other serious reservations about the concept.
Mitchell Starc played for New South Wales in a day-night Sheffield Shield fixture against South Australia at Adelaide Oval last summer, the same ground where the Test will be played. He is "yet to be convinced".
Even though it was the latest in countless versions of the pink balls trialled by Cricket Australia's official supplier Kookaburra, Starc said it was nothing like using the traditional red ball.
"It's definitely not a red ball," Starc said. . We can understand why it's happening - they want to grow the game and attract more people to the game at the different times it's going to be played."
Echoing the words of Kevin Pietersen, Starc said a fresh set of statistics may have to be minted for day-night Tests if they went beyond next season's experiment. "Yeah, absolutely that could come into it," he said. "At the moment, for the time being, it's only going to be that Test between Australia and New Zealand. It's not going to be South Africa playing the West Indies, they're not going to have the same results.
"Guys like Chris Rogers - whether he is available or not - the fact that he can't see the pink ball means he can't play. He's not the only player out there who is going to be affected by seeing the ball. It's an interesting point. Whether you have to start a whole new set of stats for the pink ball, as you do with the red and white ball, I guess it throws up a huge number of questions and theories about where the game is going."
Other members of the Australian Ashes squad weighed in with various views on the day-night innovation. Steven Smith and Brad Haddin spoke enthusiastically about it, on the basis that now the decision was made there was no point in worrying. Josh Hazlewood was less effusive, but willing to give it a try.
Shane Watson, who has been deeply involved in discussions through his role on the executive of the Australian Cricketers Association, said there was little point in drawing conclusions until the match had been played, after which it would be possible to decide whether it would be a fixture like day-night ODI matches or a one-off like the World XI Super Test of 2005.
"It's obviously something Cricket Australia and Channel Nine especially have been really very, very strong on to be able to really try," Watson said. "I'm sure we'll only know by playing it either way whether it's a great thing for the game of Test cricket or whether it's not. So until we actually play I think it's very hard to be able to make any judgements on because it's really only the proof of how it pans out.
"I talked to Tim Southee quite a lot during the IPL about where their team were at and what they were thinking. But I think it's definitely the unknown of one the ball and how that's going to react. Most of us haven't played a game with the pink ball so that's a big unknown how that's going to play but also how the conditions might change when the sun goes down and how that could really affect the Test match.
"What I've heard is after the Bangladesh tour [in October] there's three days at home before then. They've put in I think a round of day-night shield games in the lead up so there's already a hell of a lot of cricket around already. So there's no doubt the best preparation will be playing that game.
"You're going to be playing for your country and every game that you play you know how important it is so the preparation is certainly not going to be ideal apart from throwing in a day-night Shield game in the lead up to it. So it's just going to be interesting to see how it does pan out. It's not until we actually play a game and the other guys play a game whether we'll really know whether it's a great thing for world cricket or whether it's something that might be moved on."
The final word on the topic can be left to Mitchell Johnson, who while declining to enlarge too much upon the topic, made his own statement clearly enough.
"I don't really want to talk about it now and I'll happily talk about it after this Ashes series," he said. "But one thing is I love the tradition of Test cricket, things like the Baggy Green and little things like wearing the woollen jumper. We had an option to change that but we wanted to keep that as a tradition. I think tradition in the game is very important."
Daniel Brettig is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo. @danbrettig>> Baxter International Inc (NYSE: BAX), by taking a look at the investment outcome over a decade-long holding period.
As shown above, the decade-long investment result worked out quite well, with an annualized rate of return of 12.12%. This would have turned a $10K investment made 10 years ago into $31,392.86 today (as of 10/15/2021). On a total return basis, that’s a result of 213.84% (something to think about: how might BAX shares perform over the next 10 years?). [These numbers were computed with the Dividend Channel DRIP Returns Calculator.]
Many investors out there refuse to own any stock that lacks a dividend; in the case of Baxter International Inc, investors have received $8.44.41%. Another interesting datapoint we can examine is ‘yield on cost’ — in other words, we can express the current annualized dividend of 1.12 against the original $30.27/share purchase price. This works out to a yield on cost of 4.66%.
More investment wisdom to ponder:
“We ignore outlooks and forecastsâ€¦ we’re lousy at it and we admit it â€¦ everyone else is lousy too, but most people won’t admit it.” — Martin WhitmanFor fans who thought that they would have to wait till September 20 to see any more footage from Gears of War 3, you are in luck. Epic Games has given you a treat with the release of the opening cinematic to the highly anticipated, trilogy-ending game.
Narrated by the character Lieutenant Anya Stroud, the cinematic does a nice job detailing the events from the first two games and gives you just a little taste of what is to come in the finale. Fans have been anxiously waiting to find out how the story will end since Gears of War 2 was released in 2008, and in a little less than a month, their questions should be answered. Stay tuned to GamerNode for any more updates.For four decades, Bryan Ferry has pretty much been the guy we all want to be—the handsome frontman of a groundbreaking rock group (heard of Roxy Music?), an impeccably dressed solo artist, and a swooningly handsome ladies’ man. On tour in support of his recent CD, Dylanesque, and at work on the first Roxy Music album in twenty-five years, he paused to share with us some of his style lessons learned.
You’re looking very good for a gentleman of 61.
I’m quite lucky, considering I drink….
**You chalk it up to luck? **
I think it is luck; I punish myself on tour. But jumping around for two hours—I highly recommend it as a form of ercise.
**You’re much better dressed than most…well, really, any rock icons. **
Well, I like clothes. If you’re going to dress every day, you might as well dress in the way that you like.
**Well put. Any personal style phases you regret? **
In my forties, I went through a period where I wore a lot of loose-fitting clothes that didn’t really suit me. Unstructured things, like Yohji Yamamoto. I’m back to structure. I’ve been using a tailor on Savile Row named Richard Anderson, and also this Italian tailor named Rubinacci, on Mount Street.
**What wardrobe items are essential for you? **
I think it’s nice to have a velvet suit. I’m very fond of corduroy as well. I like wearing thick suits.
**Anything you’d like to see brought back? **
Double-breasted suits—you hardly ever see anyone wearing one anymore. You need a really good figure to pull it off. I’ll tell you who always looked great in a double-breasted suit—Gary Cooper.
**What’s your take on tie and lapel width? **
Crucial. Crucial. I’ve got this lady who was constantly narrowing ties for me because I don’t like them wide. But every time I almost go out without a tie, I put one on because I don’t feel complete. I always have to be warm around my neck—I’m a singer.
**Do your sons think their father’s cool? **
Yeah, they’d better. [laughs]
**Do you see your influence on them stylewise? **
They’re far more casual than I am. But when they’re in suits, they look marvelous. Isaac is rather a nifty dresser—he wears hats and two-toned shoes and things that I’ve handed down. Otis, he’s a huntsman, so he often looks very smart. But they both look rather sloppy by my standards from time to time.
**How so? **
Well, Isaac is sometimes out clubbing, so he wears more clubby-type clothes, you know? He wears trainers—not to my liking. I prefer proper leather shoes. I’ve found a shoemaker I really like—Berluti. They do a very slim, pointy shoe, which I like.
**In 2000, when a flight you were on was disrupted by a would-be hijacker, your comment to the press was that you didn’t like the look of his socks. **
[laughs] It’s true. He had these appalling socks on, yellow with white and blue hoops, which just didn’t look right to me.
**Obviously a hijacker. **
Yeah, hijacker’s socks. Never should have let him on the plane.FIGHT LIKE UKRAINIAN
Material: 95% cotton, 5% spandex.
Technique of prints applied: silkscreen printing.
Size worn by the model: M.
Height of the model: 180 cm.
The color shades on your screen may differ from the original color.
An energetic men’s T-shirt, in which your desire to square your shoulders is really great. The motto “Fight like Ukrainian” gives confidence and pride in our compatriots. A warlike print dedicated to the Flying Cossacks, i.e. the regiment of the United States Air Force of 1960s that consisted of Ukraininans only. More than 10 000 sorties during the war in Vietnam and an official red and black chevron of the regiment – all this is a part of history of Ukrainians for which we are not ashamed.Airports are among the most vulnerable places when it comes to Dengue, Swine flu, Bird flu like diseases. Hence, it is essential to observe the highest of cleanliness and hygiene standard at these places. As a part of Swachch Bharat Abhiyan, Chatrapati Shivaji International Airport authority recently initiated a cleanliness week-‘Swatch Bharat – Sunder Bharat’.
Starting from October 20, CSIA along with Sealed Air, Revachem Industries,Kimberley Clark international, World Vision Organisation and BMCorganised a series of programmes focussing good hygiene practices like keeping our surroundings clean, avoiding littering in public places, refraining from spitting on the road etc.
Elaborating on the same, Prateek Jain, AGM-FM, Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd said, “Air India, and other airlines too, are supporting the campaign. The motto is to teach and train the class four employees about cleanliness and hygiene. They are aware of the cleanliness but not about the essentiality of hygiene.”
[box type=”shadow” align=”aligncenter” ]Highlights
October 20: The entire team visited airline offices & briefed the office staff about the importance of cleanliness and work place hygiene at T1 & T2. Afternoon it visited BBA, BMA & other back of the house & meet the loaders, support staff and briefed about importance of cleanliness & did the cleaning wherever required at T1 & T2.
October 21: Teams from Revachem industries and Taski chemicals participated in the programme. They briefed everyone about the importance of cleaning, personal hygiene. Kimberley Clark International too sponsored a programme where doctors from Apollo Hospital did educate the class four employees about the healthcare aspects.
October 22: Anawareness workshop on health/major disease/HIV/AIDS was organised. Revachem took a small initiative where Tattoo artists painted various environmental related items on kids’ arms at T1 & T2.
October 23: Pamphlets to passengers with regards to health & hygiene awareness in T1 & T2 and Pest Control in all areas
October 24:The entire team visited Roadside vendors near T2 and briefed them about the importance of cleaning andkeeping the place litter free. Pamphlets on health and hygienewere distributed to passengers.
October 27: Cleaning of Shantinagar slum pathways near Airport with the support of BMC team. Spring cleaning of Police & CISF stations around & near to T1 & T2 with pest control. [/box]
[box type=”shadow” ]Revachem supporting the campaign
Delighted with the campaign’s success, Jigar Shah, Director, Revachem said, “Cleanliness is one of the most important practice for a clean and healthy environment. The motto was to make everyone aware of the importance of personal and surrounding hygiene. This is essential to protect ourselves from diseases.
With special thanks to Navin Verma and Prateek Jain who led the entire campaign at T1 & T2 terminals, we are thankful to the team of GVK and CSIA, for letting us participate in such a grand campaign! We would like to be part of such campaigns in future too.” Abhishek Dhamija, GM-Marketing, Revachem who led the Revachem team in the campaign said, “We have participated and supported the event in four steps. We had an awareness session at T1, T2 , A-terminal for the employees and behind The Leela hotel area covering the taxi drivers. We also had a Tattoo program where small kids got tattooed based on cleanliness themes. It was a fun programme aimed to educate kids about the importance of cleaning.”
[/box]
[box type=”shadow” ]“We as the business partner of the campaign aimed to teach the technical aspects of cleaning such as chemicals applicability, correct dosage, equipment usage etc. The training session involved not only class four employees but also the executive staff.”
– Kaushik Bhattacharya, Regional Manager-Western Region, Diversey Care, Sealed Air[/box]
Talking about the employees’ response towards the entire campaign, Navin Verma, AGM-Facilities at T1 terminal, CSIA, said, “their approach was quite exciting. A lot of passengers – both domestic and international too have shown interest towards the campaign. It was a moral boosting for all us.”
Prateek: “I am quite excited to be a part of the entire campaign. We have got one of the best airport infrastructure in the world. We just need to keep it sparkling. This can’t be done until the people on the ground do it from their heart. I am also quite impressed with idea to attribute 100hrs a year to cleanliness. PM initiating the campaign with a broom has boosted the moral of janitors and waste collectors all over the country. For them, it’s no more a task despisedby all but a task that connects them with their land/country.
“We have also come up with on the spot-reward facility. If any passenger admires someone’s work, we reward the person on the spot without waiting for any monthly or annual ceremonies. Every month we have R&R – Reward and Recognition program. Under this, we recognise the Janitor’s work in terms of attendance, work quality and behaviour and reward them.”
“Diversey has made some pictographs for us; this will be put on display everywhere. The pictures show the right way of putting waste into bins. For egone pictograph shows the need to wipe the seat before leaving. Not only inside the aircraft, wherever one sits it is good to leave that area as it was before.”
On October 27, the entire CSIA team under V.P. Singh, Head-Facility, CSIA finished the last activity of Cleanliness week celebrated in CSIA. Shanti Nagar area (SLUM) next to ORAT office was taken as cleaning project with the help of BMC – Chaka chak Mumbai. The area residents were very cooperative & helped make the project successful.
“I would like to thanks all the participants from all the HK vendors & our supporters – Kimberley Clark International, Revachem Industries, World Vision, and Diversey India & BMC for this initiative,” said VP Singh in the closing speech.ICE Deported Him After His Movie Came Out. Now He's Testing The Limits Of Free Speech
Activist Claudio Rojas says he was deported to his homeland, Argentina, for appearing in a film that criticized U.S. immigration authorities.
Rojas is one of the stars of The Infiltrators. He was invited to introduce the movie at the Miami Film Festival in 2019. Instead, Rojas was detained at a routine check-in with Immigration and Customs and Enforcement.
A few weeks later, he was deported.
"They didn't like that the film had come out," Rojas told NPR in Spanish through an interpreter. "If.
Rojas' lawyers call it retaliation, while ICE says it's enforcing the law
"You don't want a situation where people believe that if you speak out, the government is coming after you. But that's what happened to Claudio," says Alina Das, a professor at New York University School of Law who is representing Rojas in his appeal.
ICE denies retaliating against Claudio Rojas, or anyone else. The agency says it is simply enforcing immigration law for people who are living in the country illegally — including Rojas. He overstayed a visa more than 20 years ago and raised a family in Florida before he was detained by ICE in 2010.
Rojas appears as himself in The Infiltrators. The film, which is part documentary and part drama, centers on Rojas and a group of young activists who deliberately sneak into the immigrant detention center where he was held to help get others out.
At the end of the film, Rojas is released from ICE detention and goes back to living with his family in South Florida. That's how it went for Rojas in real life for the next seven years. He has no criminal record, his lawyers say, and was attending regular check-ins with ICE while pursuing a visa to stay in the U.S. legally.
That is, until the movie premiered in early 2019.
"The only thing that changed right before they decided to take him in was that a documentary film featured his activism, his advocacy for immigrant rights," Das says in an interview with NPR. "That kind of timing is clear proof of First Amendment retaliation."
But that may not be enough for Rojas to win in court.
Immigration authorities have a lot of discretion about whom to deport
It's widely agreed that the First Amendment applies to everyone in the country, whether they're a citizen or not. In practice, though, courts tend to give immigration authorities a lot of discretion about whom they deport, says Michael Kagan, who teaches immigration law at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
"You have millions of people inside the United States, a country that prides itself on free speech. Yet the government wields a sword over their head with possibly no restraint," Kagan says.
Kagan says there's one Supreme Court ruling in particular that gives ICE a lot of power: a case known as Reno v. American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, or just AADC.
"That case said that basically, the discretion of the government to decide who to deport can't be challenged," Kagan says. "That's really bad news for immigrants."
Appeals court weighs whether Rojas case is "outrageous"
That decision came up a lot when a three-judge panel from the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments in the Claudio Rojas case last September.
The lawyer for the Justice Department, Thomas Benton York, argued that ICE followed all the rules when it deported Rojas — and therefore, there's nothing he can do to challenge his deportation in federal court.
"This is a situation where the government did have discretion," York said during the hearing. "It's not disputed that there's a final order of removal."
But the Supreme Court's ruling in the AADC case left the door open for a future deportation case that is so "outrageous," as Justice Antonin Scalia wrote, that it would cross the line.
And appeals court Judge Robin Rosenbaum asked during the hearing whether the Rojas case fits that description.
"There's possibly an outrageous First Amendment scenario where it could be a problem," Rosenbaum said. "It seems to me the situation couldn't be much more outrageous than what we have here."
While Rojas' lawyer was arguing his case, he was in Argentina. thousands of miles away from his family — including a grandchild he's never met in person.
"They've taken drastic steps against us, separating us from our family. And there's a big price that we're paying ... just for raising our voices, no?" he said.
It's very rare for ICE to bring anyone back to the U.S. after deporting them. But Rojas' lawyers say that's the only way to bring justice to his family.
Anything less, they argue, would only confirm that freedom of speech doesn't apply to everyone.ABSTRACT
Transnational Crime Issues: Heroin Production, Fentanyl Trafficking, and U.S.-Mexico Security Cooperation [Updated August 9, 2018] [open pdf - 472KB]
From the Introduction: "The domestic opioid epidemic in the United States is raising questions among policymakers about how to address foreign sources of opioids--particularly the cultivation of opium poppy, production of heroin, and clandestine manufacture or diversion of fentanyl (a synthetic opioid) and fentanyl analogues at their foreign sources."Help with citationsIntroduction:
Investing in different assets is a risky and challenging task of finance market. It is generally practiced with the concept of how much risk an investor is willing to take. For example, is an investor a high risk averter or low risk averter? It also depends upon the level of return and yield an investor is expecting from the investment and of course a time value of money. The allocation decision of the different instrument and assets also rely on the preferences of the investor regarding holding period of different types of investment securities.
Interest Bearing …show more content…
So when we choose new investments, we do it with an eye to what we already own and how the new investment helps us in achieving greater balance. For example, an investor might include some investments that may be volatile because they have the potential to increase dramatically in value, which other investments in his portfolio are unlikely to do.
Therefore, by approaching risk in this way—rather than always buying the safest investments— (FINRA,A Dozen Classics
There’s a story behind every song, but some songs occupy such a prominent place in our collective consciousness that their particular stories beg to be told ahead of others.
This Lecture-in-Song covers a century on the American timeline and touches upon a dozen classic songs:
1851-“Old Folks At Home”
1892-“After The Ball”
1911-“Alexander’s Ragtime Band”
1914-“They Didn’t Believe Me”
1924-“The Man I Love”
1930-“Body And Soul”
1931-“As Time Goes By”
1934-“Blue Moon”
1938-“Lush Life”
1939-“Over The Rainbow”
1945-“Laura”
1954-“The Man That Got Away”
The back stories to these musical landmarks range from tragic to comic, some changed musical history, some are perfect reflections of their eras or the state of the songwriting industry at the time, some simply had an impact that just won’t fade.
All are great American songs, and their stories are worth hearing if only to celebrate the great figures who created them and the Age of musical marvels in which they all thri..
Product Application:
1.Feed pellet machine is widely used in the field of poultry and livestock feed pellet making.
2.This machine features of compact structure, fine appearance, high capacity, low power consumption, convenient operation, and reliable performance.
3.Dies of various hole diameter such asφ2,φ4,φ6,φ8,φ10 are available . Customers can order dies of different hole diameters according to the production needs.
Packing & Shipping:
1.Outside package, fumigation free wooden case
2.Inner packing, stretch film
3.Delivery Detail:30 working days after order
Copyright © 2017 - 2021Floating Fish Feed Making Machine Manufacture All Rights Reservedperson_pin DescriptionI am the kind of lady who is not afraid to hold the baby in the relationship, especially if my man acts all passive and shit. I don't give a pin if people around me look at me differently. As long as he can keep me happy, I will not be ashamed to take care of my man.
- Roleplay
- Watch Porn
- Soft Drugs
- Sex Toys
- Milf sex
- Latex sex
- Deepthroat
- Sadomasochism
- SpankingFirst Telecommunications was one of several companies this summer all businesses that are trying to manage.
.”
Facebook CommentsAs a man, I have taken over the years countless photos with female face characters. Always with my wife, mom, daughters in the picture. For years, I was able to put my arm around their waist. This time, and every time, the female character would take the lead and ask to hold my arm. I actually think it is a great idea to protect the young ladies playing these characters. I found it very inoffensive and done well. It was said to me in a way that was really pleasant. I applaud Disney here.
Disney Star Wars Resort
Tampa Web Design
Disney World Resorts InfoGilow is a good idea of engraving technology.
With this cloud structure, there are many sizes. This consciousness shows future direction and magic. In “Access”, Jirg Jirg is a role in Hollywood Urtout. These ages are the most famous fashion chain in the world.
Vacheron Constantin Overseas 4500v Replica
Prices give people the best public films and patients. Compared to the international international point of view, this summer, Omega and the United Kingdom are ceas vacheron constantin replica cheap. In fact, exports caused serious damage. The annual calendar of Paris and the third Olympics of Amsterdam. 1933 hours of wor. Show external color and express harmon. Goodwood Motel Motel Racing Festival is a beautiful bike bike. Ultrasonic hollow and second mobile phon. Jin Jie, Jin Zens will not kill them. Cover new images “Gold cruise” time and time of the wrist.
The hair is flat for special engines. Laborde has a vibration replica vacheron constantin on automatic ventilation. You know, the people must choose to help you help you think of your mother. Released in 1941, the first application of the century. Japanese products can not be purchased. This year’s theme is a natural bar of a nice natural suite, you can see spring pouf noodles. The show contains more than 100 years of beauty, fashion jewelry and art. Wheel equipment is designed by type bypass, but aimed at moving the original vertical flash table. The heart and silicon of the surveillance wheel are members of constitutional training. First, Lang uses the most relogio vacheron constantin replica advanced processing technology for three months – from 1 mm to 1 mm. However, the step is recommended in all cases containing the fan.
Ghohst King has a powerful and high blood pressure. But no mile. Strategic cooperation focuses on enlargement of the European market to meet the needs of Europe. The second hardness of the material ceasuri vacheron constantin replica is stored for one hour of duration. Play new information in action. Born 200 years, Queen, Queen, Bern, including the reading of women.Automatic Driving, Female Leadership, Label, Production, Elegant and Elegant Watc. If the design is not good, you will assign yourself. The Woel Woel design process is a wonderful product building.
Square Vacheron Constantin Replica
September Rolex Stabilizer 27 characters Hesenok 2 27 in New York. However, there are more new models to understand the best hatred, I hope you will know more than you. Trep Li has also known many Italian social networks. This new series has 38,000 miles, yellow or dark blue, moving in the previous episode. In the United States, this method calculates Vacheron Constantin Replica Overseas two models according to two models. Production is not largely refused.. 2001, refreshing and refractiv. As a result, since 1988, IWC has continued to cooperate with test flights. The Vacheron Constantin Replica Overseas platinum is 294 diamonds, 19 and 8 carats.
Announce on November 20th on highsnobiet.com. Nine crystals and thickness of three floors of 2.5 m. Biotechnology. Technology and equipment. And use shunt vibration and complex installatio. The model model replaces all J12 a few seconds, with large characters and ornaments at home. The courage and the new idea of the axis are great. As a result, New York and Geneva products should know that you want to maintain a difficult price. Swiss Engine Certificate (COSC. The function of the second power function. The stair belt is generally cheap. But it’s less interesting in time.
GP Grisd Perregaux views, check luxury products and good technologies. Legendary – Band Arpels Kleef (Arpels Van Kleef. The new clock line indicates the formation of blue calls in the bidirectional decorative sgli.Function, Day, Employee, Month, Calendar, Weather, 42 Hours, up to 30 meter. A small amount of equilibrium leads to a very reliable movement.
Finally, Health Weight L. U. Br Concept Introduction, 2005 Airlines is rice, reliable, robust, accurate, easy to read. The maintenance Vacheron Constantin Replica Overseas of Mont Blanc, the industry has been developed and there is vacheron constantin fake 1 no simple form. This is the ultimate Olympic version of the Olympic newspaper partner.
By introducing gas, the gas does not respond to coal mines under high pressure gauges. ceas vacheron constantin geneve replica Domaine Sami represents his life and exercise. From the brand design point, use the Adrime 1940 to create an old pillow using the same diet. The back of the clock is a sapphire crystal with four screws. You can see changes in transparent outdoor sports. There is a button that allows you to connect to hundreds of timers. special functio. Global, Manufacturer, Promotion and Date “Quee. It’s a beautiful and simple thing, called calm year. There are four screws during the next hours and numbers are located in the upper right corner.
The clock is composed of 950 luxury platinum with a diameter of 41 mm. There are many beautiful riches and images in the world. Other phones are very good. This intensive development is a new replica vacheron constantin price list life, courage to study the world. Royal Oak, Embshore Edition, no sales name “Oak Royal Oak”, but “Oak Oak Oak” is called. But the real value is dee. The Bishi series this year is a new woman. You can touch the chest and waist gloves directly. Show sports 2755 sports, short-term treatment institutions, including advanced technical art.
A set of faces consists of two graphics. Two elements. 12. This month and 3 hours of electricity indicators. The sun has a small word to Vacheron Constantin Replica Overseas create soft and easy to install.
Energy preparation 40 hours 2:00 (top), “AB” and “AB” (below. The replica vacheron constantin uk clock has the second second second series. Do not forget to rotate the hot and change – we are talking about our telecommunications experts. The famous Japanese Chef Jamada (Yamada) travels in many countries, a brilliant Japanese food source. The United States grows up Asia.Stainless steel stainless steel gold vacheron constantin replica has a current. Today, I recommend the Vacheron Constantin Replica Overseas most naughty balloon. In the 1960s, there was a special electric mirror in the 1960s. You can enjoy 1960 Sport Suites, you can enjoy the animation screen screen and are severely displayed 3-52 or 39-47. I’m going to spread your hand and I want to see the game.
Manager Express – Christian Patrio. After New York, New York’s best precious stones will reach Guangzhou. The main objective is to connect to the United States. There are many simulations in the view of the television and design of the partners. This temple brought a sneakers of restaurants. F1, plus a variety of favorite models, F1 is very beautifu.Happy Tuesday!
Popping in to share another Christmas card. The card used the Merry Christmas stamp from Quietfire's Christmas set "Merry Christmas Sentiments". Below is the stamp set:
It was heat embossed in white on black chalkboard paper. Then it was die cut using Spellbinders Labels Nine. Wood grain paper was die cut using Spellbinders Decorative Labels Twenty-Eight. Graphic 45 paper (Nutcracker- a hoarded sheet!) was die cut using 5x7 Enchanted Labels. Kraft paper was matted under the stack. Distress Ink in Vintage Photo and Walnut Stain was applied on all edges. The poinsettias (Spellbinders die set) was cut from some hoarded velvet ribbon.
Thanks so much for stopping by. Have a great Tuesday! :)
Hugs,
Kathy Jo
This card is entered into the following challenges:
Craft Hoarders, Flowers
Craft-Dee BowZ, September
Word Art Wednesday, AG
613 Avenue Create, AG
MelonHeadz, 2 or more dies
Simon Says Stamp Wednesday, AG
WOW! This card is so gorgeous!
Beautiful! Hard to believe its only 3 months away.....
Kathy Jo, this is stunning! I love the gold embossing and the rich Christmas colors. Beautiful poinsettias, too. Thanks for sharing with us at Craft Hoarders Anonymous Challenge 15: all the pretty flowers!
What pretty poinsettias you have created! Nothing like using a little bit of our hoards! Thanks for joining us at Craft Hoarders Anonymous!
WoWoWoWoW!! Just BEAUTIFUL!! LOVE EVERYTHING about this SWEET Holiday Card!! Those Poinsettias are AWESOME!! =) Have a Fabulous Week!! =)
Polka dots and diagonal stripes, magnificent, then the colors. WOW! This art is delightful. Thank you for dropping by. Sunny sweet smiles from Carole and the DT team at Word Art Wednesday.
Kathy Jo, this is just gorgeous.
This is absolutely gorgeous, Kathy Jo!! I love the layers and those beautiful poinsettias!! The polka dot ribbon is fabulous!! Fabulous card my friend!! Have a great day :)
Lisa
A Mermaid's Crafts
What an incredable card.That striped paper is perfect with the poinsettia. Thanks for joining us at the Craft-Dee BowZ challenge this month. Join us again soon. Hugs, Barbara
What a stunning card. :)
this is such a pretty card! i love the mix of all the elements together thank you for playing a long with simon says stamp wednesday challenge!
Gorgeous Christmas Card! Thanks for joining us at Craft Hoarders Anonymous!
Beautiful, well constructed Christmas card. It inspires me to get an early start on mine. Thanks for thinking of 613 Avenue Create to share it with.
A beautiful card!!!
Love your Christmas card! Thanks for sharing with us at Craft Hoarders Anonymous Challenge
Gorgeous! thanks for sharing with user Craft Hoarders Anon :)
Such a striking color scheme. Beautiful Christmas card!
Thank you for participating in the MelonHeadz Friends Challenge!
I am swooning over those velvet flowers! I know I have hoarded velvet somewhere! Remember when it was all rage in the past?! Remember doing "iron on" with our stamps? Thanks for playing along with us at Craft Hoarders!Accuracy
Being accurate with your measurements is crucial to DIY fence building, or any sort of DIY project to be honest. Imagine going through your entire building process only to realize you either have too many supplies, or too little. This kind of stress and hassle can be easily avoided by measuring everything two to three times. Especially when working on a project alone, ensuring that everything is accurate will spare you the headaches.
Cost Effective Materials
As for your materials, if you’re looking to be the most cost effective then Western Red Cedar is the ideal selection. While it may require maintenance and upkeep to ensure it stays in good condition, other man made options aren’t as good as natural wood products. For a more in-depth look into this, check out this article.
Stability
You should also take into account for DIY fence building, how to get the most stability out of your fence. A stable fence will last longer as well as keep its structural integrity intact, meaning you won’t have to make as many repairs due to high speed winds. As a tip for all the DIYers out there, it’s commonplace that each fence post be at least 2 feet in the ground (or 1/3 of the post) and be no more than 8 feet apart from one another. When spacing your posts try using string or some sort of level to ensure that your posts line up correctly and maintain a straight path.
Staining and Painting
And one last thing that all homeowners should know when it comes to DIY fence building is that staining your fence is a must if you want to see your fence last as long as it possibly can. Here is the article that goes into more depth about the importance of staining your fence.
DIY fence building can seem like a daunting task, but with a little bit of hard work and concentration, any DIYer of any skill level will be able to install a fence that looks as if a professional had built it. The most important part of undergoing a task like this on your own is to take your time and be accurate with every number and measurement you come across. If you keep these tips in mind when you start building, you’ll be a skillful DIYer in no time.Add to Cart Quick view Jumanji "Welcome to the Jungle" MSRP: Now: $2,495.00 Was: Jumanji-Welcome to the Jungle the 2017 grand fantasy adventure comedy film, the third in the franchise, where the heroes find themselves trapped in the game, remarkably making you frightened and amused at the same time! Here is a signed Bombay... 26086 MSRP: Now: $2,495.00 Was: Add to Cart Quick viewCoronavirus vaccines are being administered at 51 pharmacies across Maryland, including dozens located in supermarkets and superstores, according to the state’s health department.
Signing up for vaccines has proved tricky for many Marylanders, and the process to get an appointment at pharmacies appears to follow that trend. For example, Maryland’s COVID-19 vaccine site points residents to Rite Aid’s online eligibility form, while a recorded message at one of the pharmacy locations says that “our associates are not yet able to schedule or determine eligibility for COVID vaccines.”
To find an appointment, enter your ZIP code at and try the providers listed, which include pharmacies. If the state website says there are no appointments, adjust the mileage range with the slider at the top of the screen.
Maryland is vaccinating people 65 and older, front-line health care workers and first responders, educators, and certain essential workers. To find out whether you’re one of the estimated 2-3 million people eligible, go to.
Health officials have urged patience as the supply of doses is limited. The various pharmacies check eligibility through pre-appointment screening or by checking identification at the time of an appointment.
Here’s more information about where the vaccinating pharmacies are located and how to sign up:
Giant Food locations
There are 12 Giant pharmacies vaccinating people, with locations in the Baltimore area, the Washington, D.C., suburbs and Southern Maryland. You can sign up for an appointment by clicking “Schedule An Appointment Here”:. As of Tuesday afternoon, the website reported no available appointments. You can also call the following Giants.
Your identification will be checked at the time of your appointment to ensure you’re eligible.
Accokeek: 7025 Berry Road, Accokeek 20607
Annapolis: 2323 Forest Drive, Annapolis 21401
Baltimore: 601 E. 33rd St., Baltimore 21218
Belair: 1401 Rock Spring Road, Belair 21014
Bethesda: 10400 Old Georgetown Road, Bethesda 20814
Bowie: 15520 Annapolis Road, Bowie 20715
Burtonsville: 15618 Columbia Pike, Burtonsville 20866
California: 45101 First Colony Way, California 20619
District Heights: 5500 Silver Hill, District Heights 20747
Dundalk: 1400 Merritt Boulevard, Dundalk 21222
Dunkirk: 10790 Town Center Blvd., Dunkirk 20754
Elkridge: 6020 Marshalee Drive, Elkridge 21075
Ellicott City: 9200 Baltimore National Pike, Suite A, Ellicott City 21043
Frederick: 1700 King Fisher Drive, Frederick 21701
Gaithersburg: 229 Kentlands Blvd., Gaithersburg 20878
Glen Burnie: 6636 N. Ritchie Highway, Glen Burnie 21061
Hyattsville: 3521 East West Highway, Hyattsville 20782
Largo: 10480 Campus Way South, Largo 20774
Lutherville: 2145 York Road, Lutherville 21093
Silver Spring: 1280 East West Highway, Silver Spring 20910
Waldorf: 3297 Plaza Way, Waldorf 20603
Westminster: 405 N. Center St., Westminster 21157
Martin’s locations
Martin’s supermarkets are reportedly vaccinating people at locations in Allegany and Washington counties. To sign up for a vaccine through Martin’s, you can visit.
Sign up for an appointment only if you’re eligible, the Martin’s website says. Additional screening may be required at time of immunization.
Cumberland: 12101 Winchester Road SW, Cumberland 21502
Hagerstown: 1729 Dual Highway, Hagerstown, Hagerstown 21740
Hagerstown: 18726 N. Pointe Drive, Hagerstown 21742
Rite Aid locations
With five locations administering vaccines in Baltimore City and Baltimore and Somerset counties, you can sign up for your first shot by going to and filling out the qualification form, which will determine if you’re eligible.
Baltimore: 2801 Foster Ave., Baltimore 21224
Baltimore: 4380 Park Heights Ave., Baltimore 21215
Halethorpe: 1400 Sulphur Spring Road, Halethorpe 21227
Nottingham: 4339 Ebenezer Road, Nottingham 21236
Princess Anne: 12154 Brittingham Lane, Princess Anne 21853
Safeway locations
Eleven Safeway pharmacies are offering the coronavirus vaccine. They are in Baltimore and Charles, Montgomery, Prince George’s and Queen Anne’s counties. Plug your ZIP code into to see appointment availability in your area.
Baltimore: 2401 N. Charles St., Baltimore 21218
Bowie: 4101 Northview Drive, Bowie 20716
Chester: 1925 Main St., Chester 21619
Fort Washington: 990 Swan Creek Road East, Fort Washington 20744
Greenbelt: 7595 Greenbelt Road, Greenbelt 20770
La Plata: 40 Shining Willow Way, La Plata 20646
Oxon Hill: 6235 Oxon Hill Road, Oxon Hill 20745
Rockville: 5510 Norbeck Road, Rockville 20853
Upper Marlboro: 7605 Crain Highway, Upper Marlboro 20772
Waldorf: 3051 Waldorf Market Place, Waldorf 20603
Wheaton: 11201 Georgia Ave., Wheaton 20902
Sam’s Club
To schedule an appointment at the Sam’s Club store in Salisbury, call 410-546-1984.
Sam’s Club, which is owned by Walmart, says it’s vaccinating only those eligible under Maryland guidelines. It’s unclear how Sam’s Club is screening patients.
Salisbury: 2700 N. Salisbury Blvd., Salisbury 21801
Walmart locations
The state health department reports 10 Walmart stores are vaccinating people in Maryland, with locations in Caroline, Cecil, Dorchester, Garrett, Talbot, Wicomico, Worcester counties. To make an appointment, call any of the following Walmart locations.
Walmart says it’s administering vaccines only to those eligible. It’s unclear how they are screening patients.
Berlin: 11416 Ocean Gateway, Berlin 21811-2549
Cambridge: 2775 Dorchester Square, Cambridge 21613-6400
Denton: 610 Legion Road, Denton 21629-2040
Easton: 8155 Elliott Road, Easton 21601-7131
Elkton: 1000 E. Pulaski Highway, Elkton 21921-6306
Fruitland: 409 N. Fruitland Blvd., Salisbury 21801-7201
Oakland: 13164 Garrett Highway, Oakland 21550-1117
Pocomoke City: 2132 Old Snow Hill Road, Pocomoke City 21851-2734
Salisbury: 2702 N. Salisbury Blvd., Salisbury 21801-2143
CVS Health
CVS Health announced Feb. 2 that it plans to open 18 pharmacy locations across Maryland to administer COVID-19 vaccines.
The pharmacy will receive about 11,000 vaccines and start administering them at pharmacies in Baltimore, Bowie, Chester, Frederick, Fulton, Hagerstown, Ocean City and Rockville.
Walgreens
Walgreens on Friday began offering vaccines at 92 pharmacies throughout Maryland. The pharmacy chain has received an initial 7,500 doses through the Federal Retail Pharmacy Partnership, Walgreens spokeswoman Rebekah Pajak said.
The pharmacy chain requires those seeking an appointment to sign up for a Walgreens pharmacy account and log into their account to complete a screening survey. Those who are within Maryland’s current eligibility categories may then choose a location and time to receive their first and second doses.
Appointments can be made online at or by calling a local Walgreens Pharmacy.
The following Walgreens pharmacies are offering vaccination appointments in the greater Baltimore area:
Baltimore: 6301 York Rd., Baltimore 21212; 4020 Eastern Ave., Baltimore 21224; 4025 W. Northern Parkway, Baltimore 21215; 2560 Quarry Lake Drive, Baltimore 21209; 649 51 Harford Road, Baltimore 21234; 711 W. 40th St., Baltimore 21211; 2504 N. Charles St., Baltimore 21218; 3801 Liberty Heights Ave., Baltimore 21215; 2001 W. Patapsco Ave. Baltimore 21230; 6838 Loch Raven Blvd. Baltimore 21286; 140 Back River Neck Road, Baltimore 21221; 4214 Frankford Ave., Baltimore 21206; 6 Carroll Island Road, Baltimore 21220
Catonsville: 5657 Baltimore National Pike, Catonsville 21228
Arbutus: 4733 Westland Blvd., Arbutus 21227
Rosedale: 8606 Philadelphia Road, Rosedale 21237
Essex: 6 S. Marlyn Ave., Essex 21221
Pikesville: 1510 Reisterstown Road, Pikesville 21208
Edgewood: 1930 Pulaski Highway, Edgewood 21040
Abingdon: 3005 Emmorton Road, Abingdon 21009
Bel Air: 1201 E. Churchville Road, Bel Air 21014; 1600 E. Churchville Road, Bel Air 21015; 1927 Emmorton Road, Bel Air 21015
Forest Hill: 2016 Rock Spring Road, Forest Hill 21050
Columbia: 5585 Twin Knolls Road, Columbia 21045
Ellicott City: 10097 Baltimore National Pike, Ellicott City 21042; 9150 Baltimore National Pike, Ellicott City 21042
Clarksville: 12400 Auto Drive, Clarksville 21029
Mount Airy: 415 E. Ridgeville Blvd., Mount Airy 21771
Finksburg: 3000 Gamber Road, Finksburg 21048
Aberdeen: 950 Beards Hill Road, Aberdeen 21001
Joppa: 300 Pulaski Highway, Joppa 21085
Latest Coronavirus
Baltimore Sun reporters McKenna Oxenden and Taylor DeVille contributed to this article.Good News! We have an online store for your region. To improve your shopping experience, make a selection below to go to our local website.
Go to Local Website
Your cart is currently empty.
Availability:
In Stock
Out of stock
Availability:
In Stock
Out of stock
$39.50 NZD
Only 1 available
Every outdoors enthusiast needs a quality pair of gloves. Luckily the Bundeswehr have you and your hands covered. These extremely durable pair of gloves are made from a twill material with leather on the palms, fingers and knuckles. The fantastic flecktarn pattern that takes up twill sections of the glove not only looks great, but also blends in effectively with forest surroundings.
Don't skip out of these affordable and hard wearing gloves. They're just right for bushcrafters, hunters, paintballers and airsofters.
Features:
Sizing: To find your glove size, measure the circumference around your knuckles on your dominant hand. For more information on glove sizes, check out our size guide.Pattern: FlecktarnCondition: Used/Very Good - Item has clearly had some use. There may be marks and signs of wear, but still lot's of life left. If you want more information on our condition ratings, check out our condition guide
Great fit. Good feel. Warm too.
Used but got lots left in em. Get a pair for your bag or put em in your pants pocket.
i ended up buying two sizes of these gloves as i mucked up my measurements, but in saying that im glad i did as my partner fits the smaller ones.
These are a fantastic glove for the price, they're nice and comfortable to wear without making your hands sweat, they are also very well made, great for bushcrafting or other activities where your hands need protection from abrasion etc
Listed as used/very good condition. They are certainly used and i would say worn condition with small cuts and holes. They do however fit perfectly and feel comfortable.
I bought a pair of these to save my hands while paintballing, the palm side has a great texture that aids grip, elasticated wrists mean they stay put and the material robustly resists incoming paintballs as wells as saving me from tearing up my hands while diving in the dirt.
Insulated but not stuffy, I found that even on a hot day sprinting about they never really got sweaty or felt slippery - now in winter I'm finding they take the edge off in cold mornings.
Digital dexterity is decent - Great for general outdoors tasks, though you might struggle to type accurately or perform keyhole surgery.
Great gloves for the price.') }}In response to feedback from our community of life science and technology executives and experts as well as comprehensive research amongst our Board of Advisors, Decode: AI for Pharmaceuticals was launched to fill a gap in the conference landscape for a platform that truly combines technology innovation with the needs and business goals of the pharmaceutical industry.
Decode: AI for Pharmaceuticals is a unique forum that goes beyond the hype of AI to explore exactly what problems can and have been solved through the implementation of AI, and goes on to present use cases, expert insights and the network of partners that are essential to effectively implement these AI tools for your desired business goals.- Conference reportPublication date:May 2014
Leading charities gathered in the Glasgow City Chambers for The Working Together to Tackle Poverty Conference in March 2014.Spotlight:
- Publication date:April 2014
CAS has submitted evidence on food parcels to the Welfare Reform Committee ahead of an oral evidence session on the 29th April 2014.Spotlight:
-.Spotlight:
- Publication:
- Response from CASPublication date:January 2014
CAS has submitted detailed evidence to the Government-commissioned Independent Review of Sanctions.
- Publication date:December 2013
This briefing focuses on the impact of the Bedroom Tax on citizens advice bureaux and clients in its first eight months and calls for some client groups to be exempted completely rather than helped through the short-term solution of Discretionary Housing Payments.
- to the 'Litchfield Review'Publication date:August 2013
CAS responds to the Fourth Independent Review of the Work Capability Assessment, part of Employment Spport Allowance. In our submission we focus on the need for effective gathering of medical evidence, on some of the adminsitrative problems seen in bureaux, and the increasing severity of the consequences of getting entitlement decisions wrong. We make a number of recommendations to improve the system.
- Publication.
Brexit: We've produced advice on what Brexit means for people living in Scotland. We'll keep updating our advice as more Brexit changes are announced.All Tactical US is dedicated to getting you great deals and the largest selection on the newest firearms, ammunition, tactical gear, optics, thermal imaging scopes, night vision, and hunting supply. We carry all your guns and shooting equipment needs for great prices.
Mfg Item #: 002BAV1Z0
DeSantis Gunhide 002, Speed Scabbard, Belt Holster, 2 Belt Slots, No Tension Screw, Fits S&W Governor, Right Hand, Black Leather 002BAV1Z0How Small Firms Can Protect Their Interests in R&D Alliances
Small companies with a promising technology or service often look to partner with bigger firms to get access to money, distribution channels and manufacturing facilities they need to help their business and their fortunes grow. For the larger company, an alliance with a smaller firm and access to its proprietary products or services could open up new opportunities to expand into a new market. In theory, R&D alliances allow both firms to combine their knowledge and benefit financially.
But these alliances are not always a win-win. They can present a risk to the smaller firm: that in the process of partnering with the Goliath, they may lose trade secrets and talent and undermine their own interests long term. One of the problems is that bigger firms typically do the choosing: they look for small firms with resources that can benefit them through a partnership, then actively court them by dangling the investment that smaller firms often need. The Goliaths also have more partnership experiences and resources than the Davids, and thus can and do tuck clauses into an agreement that give them loopholes, sometimes in a non-obvious way. One common but sometimes unforeseen result is “learning by hiring,” when the larger firm poaches the smaller firm’s best people to give them quick access to the small firm’s trade secrets and proprietary knowledge.
Fortunately, research that we’ve published this year found that a properly structured alliance contract can help small firms protect their interests, while still allowing for communication and coordination with the larger firm. The key is anticipating circumstances where the smaller firm is vulnerable to losing people or knowledge, then crafting language that prohibits such losses.
About TCE
We used the theory of Transaction Cost Economics (TCE) as a lens for our research. TCE examines the hazards that lurk in individual transactions. If they’re smart, parties in a contract are aware of these risks to their firm and push for clauses that minimize them. And because often the two parties’ goals are not perfectly aligned, the other party will push back if the clause may pose a risk to them. This becomes especially important when the knowledge bases of both parties are dissimilar, and each firm seeks to protect its secrets while still sharing enough to make the alliance productive.
What We Studied
Our research studied 136 contracts between companies partnering on new medical devices, with each partnership involving a large company and a small one, between 1994 and 2011. R&D alliances are far more common in the medical device industry than joint ventures are. Many of these alliances were between companies with different specialties, such as manufacturing or developing biological and pharmaceutical products, that both wanted a stake in the medical devices space. We compared the patent classes cited in the patents filed by the partnering firms to figure out how dissimilar their knowledge bases were. We also looked at each firm’s financials and whether the big firm made an equity investment or paid licensing fees, R&D fees or royalties to the smaller firm.
On the whole, we found that bigger firms were far older and wealthier than the smaller ones. On average, the smaller partners were 11.2 years old and had $56 million in total assets; the larger firms were nearly 50 years old and had $27.8 billion in assets.
What we Found
From looking at different aspects of the 136 alliance contracts to figure out the possible risk, we found some devils in the details. For example, we looked at the terms for giving each party access to the other’s facilities, and found that some of these agreements were one way: employees from the big firm could visit the smaller firm’s premises at any time, but not the other way around. We also saw that “non-solicitation” clauses, which prevent one firm from poaching talent from the other, were similarly one way, favoring the bigger firm or giving them loopholes to get around it.
The power balance shifted to the smaller firm in cases where the smaller firm had a large number of patents. It gave them more incentive to protect that knowledge by paying attention to the wording of the alliance contract.
Takeaways
Our research can provide some guidance for smaller firms being courted by bigger ones for R&D alliances.
- Bargaining power is not always about size. If as a smaller firm you have a large number of patents or proprietary knowledge that the larger firm covets, you already have the upper hand in protecting your interests. Make sure you know the full extent of what you have to offer.
- You may find that giving the bigger firm access to your facilities and your people is the best way to share your knowledge with them, towards the end goal of a profitable new product or service. If you give them access, make sure to place some boundaries on who they can talk to and what they can see. You may also want to negotiate for similar rights to their facilities and people.
- Your key technical people are critical to your growth and survival. Have a robust, legally sound non-solicitation clause that will prevent your best talent from defecting. Get legal help if you don’t have it in-house.
Pattit, J.M. and Deeds, D.L.: "Knowledge Dissimilarity, Bargaining Power, and Smaller Firms' Ability to Negotiate a Favorable Alliance Contract," Journal of Engineering and Technology Management, Oct.-Dec. 2021Regardless of the time of day you decide to fly, the ticket price will remain around the same. Book flights from Indonesia to Cyprus as you normally would.
Information is based on travel restrictions from Indonesia to CyprusMost visitors from Indonesia will not be allowed to enter Cyprus.COVID-19 testing requirementsVisitors from Indonesia must present a negative RT-PCR (NAAT) test taken 72 hours before departing to Cyprus.Quarantine requirementsVisitors from Indonesia are not required to quarantine after entering Cyprus.DocumentsCyprus Flight Pass - Travelers arriving to Cyprus without a Cyprus Flight Pass, will be subject to a fine of 300 Euros.
Returning to Indonesia from CyprusCOVID-19 testing requirementsVisitors from Cyprus must present a negative RT-PCR (NAAT) test taken 72 hours before departing to Indonesia.Quarantine requirementsVisitors from Cyprus are not required to quarantine after entering Indonesia.Celebrating forgotten favourites
Published on: 21 October 2013 Author: Katherine Woodfine
When BookTrust's children's book experts were putting together our list of the 100 Best Books, we had many conversations about the books we had loved when we were young. We relaised there's a whole bunch of children's classics which aren't so popular with children now, and some that have been almost forgotten entirely.
Although we all agreed that these were wonderful books that deserved to be better known by today's young readers, we had to ask ourselves tough questions about whether they should make it onto our list when they hadn't managed to stand the test of time.
We sometimes found ourselves asking why some of these books didn't seem to have the 'staying power' which other children's favourites had demonstrated. Sadly in many cases it's simply because they have fallen out of print, and so missed the opportunity to be read and enjoyed by new generations of readers. Step in Hot Key Books, who have recently embarked on a new project to reissue some of these very titles.
Cait Davies from Hot Key Books writes...
Do you remember your favourite childhood book? Perhaps it was an adventure story that inspired you to travel the world, or a hilarious page-turner that still makes you smile today. It's these books that we share with friends, family and strangers (whether they like it or not), and recommend to people throughout our lives – because, classic or not, they are our favourites.
Now imagine going to buy that book for a friend and discovering that the book has gone out of print – and you can't get a copy. You can't share your experience, and a new generation won't stumble upon the story as you once did.
With that in mind, we at Hot Key Books have a new project – to reissue our favourite books from childhood that are now out of print. We want to share these stories with children today, and we hope that they will find new readers that are as fanatic about the books as we were. Our first three reissued classics, Grinny, Fireweed and Mary-Mary have two particularly passionate champions here in the office: here's what they had to say about their respective favourites
Grinny by Nicholas Fisk was first published in 1973. It has been republished to celebrate its 40th anniversary and Nicholas's 90th birthday. 'I must have been about 9 when I first read Grinny. It scared me witless and I couldn't sleep for days. Over the years my copy has been lost, been rediscovered, been sellotaped, and finally abandoned when it lost the entire middle section. More importantly, it's been shared. When I was a bookseller I used to love recommending books, matching the right book to the customer, but I got an even bigger sense of pride (or ego) when it was one of 'my' books – something I had read and loved and could pass on. Now I'm in publishing it's lovely to think that something I have worked on will help turn someone into a reader, but it's a really lovely feeling being able to introduce a whole new generation to a book I loved, and I seem to be channelling all those feelings I had at 9. And on rereading, it still scares me, only this time I can't admit to it as freely...' Kate Manning, Sales & Marketing Director at Hot Key Books.
Fireweed by Jill Paton-Walsh was first published in 1969 and won the Book World Festival Award in 1970. 'I have never experienced war first-hand, although I have read and loved plenty of great novels for children set during the first and second world wars. Still, I have never read a book like Fireweed, a book that unsentimentally but powerfully describes the ordeal of two teenagers adrift in London during the 1940s Blitz; a book that told me how to prevent my ear-drums bursting when a bomb goes off nearby; a book that made me very grateful that I have never had to test that out. One of the great and powerful messages that comes from this unflinching novel is that our powers of resilience are greater than we could ever imagine, even when we're very young. It comes down to survival and what's important in life. Fireweed is a wonderful and still very important book – in so many ways.' Emily Thomas, Publisher at Hot Key Books.
Mary-Mary by Joan G Robinson was first published in 1957 and will be re-published in November. 'There are a few words that stick with you from your childhood, things you mispronounced and still choose to mispronounce into your early adulthood. Or late 30s in my case. But this is purely because baby swans SHOULD be called snigets. Not only does it suit them, but it also is a word used by one of my literary heroes, Mary-Mary. She wants to do what her older siblings do but is always told she's too young. So she does it anyway, usually with a tea cosy on her head, and always does it better. Including being a bridesmaid, just like a sniget in a dress of palest white. I wanted to be just like her when I was her age, and I still want to be like her now I'm grown up, as long as being grown up includes using the word sniget.' Kate Manning, Sales & Marketing Director at Hot Key Books.
Add a commentGoogle Photos Library API Client Library for PHP
Maintainers
Details
github.com/google/php-photoslibrary
Dependents: 5
Suggesters: 0
Open Issues: 12
Requires
- php: ^7.3|^8.0
- ext-bcmath: *
- google/gax: ^1.0.2
- google/protobuf: ^3.7.1
Requires (Dev)
- phpunit/phpunit: ^9.0
- squizlabs/php_codesniffer: ^3.6
README
This repository contains the PHP client library for the Google Photos Library API.
You can find samples for this library in the
samples branch. See the samples section below.
Requirements and preparation
This library depends on Composer. If you don't have Composer installed
on the command line as
composer, follow the
Linux/unix/OS X or
Windows installation guides.
- System requirements and dependencies can be found in
composer.jsonof this library. If you are not familiar with Composer, see this page for more details.
- Your PHP installation must include the
bcmathextension.
- OAuth 2.0 credentials configured for your project as described below.
Download the client library
Firstly, download the library, then set up OAuth 2.0 credentials to access the API. Next, you can follow the samples to see the client library in action.
Here are some ways to download this library:
Using composer require
Follow the below steps to download this library as a third-party library for your projects.
The library will be downloaded by Composer and stored under the
vendor/ directory.
Examples are not downloaded by this download method.
$ composer require google/photos-library
Using git clone
Use this method if you want to alter or contribute to this library (for example, submitting pull requests) or if you wish to try our samples. When you clone the repository, all files in this repository will be downloaded.
- Run
git clone the command prompt.
- You'll get a php-photoslibrary directory. Navigate to it by running
cd php-photoslibrary.
- Run
composer installat the command prompt. This will install all dependencies needed for using the library.
Downloading a compressed tarball
Use this method only if you want to try out the Google Photos Library API with this client library.
The extracted directory of the tarball will contain only the samples from the
samples branch.
- On the releases page, select a version you want to try. Then, under Download, select the tarball of your choice, for example, php-photoslibrary-samples-vX.Y.Z.tar.gz.
- Extract your downloaded file to any location on your computer.
- Navigate to the extracted directory (for example, php-photoslibrary-samples-vX.Y.Z).
- Run
composer installat the command prompt. This will install all dependencies needed for using the library and running examples.
Set up your OAuth2 credentials for PHP
The Google Photos Library API uses OAuth2 as the authentication mechanism. Note that the Library API does not support service accounts.
To complete the “Enable the API” and “Configure OAuth2.0” steps in the below procedure, refer to the get started guide in the developer documentation
This client library works with the Google Auth Library for PHP.
Specify the client secret JSON file when initialising the library.
Use the authentication credentials returned by the auth library when setting up the
PhotosLibraryClient. See the file sample/src/common/common.php
for an example on how to do this.
Sample usage
The best way to learn how to use this library is to review the samples. The developer documentation also includes code snippets for this client library in PHP.
Once you have set up the dependencies and OAuth 2 credentials, you can access the API. Here's a short example that shows how to create a new album:
// [START sample_usage]; } // [END sample_usage]
Retry configuration
The default retry configuration follows the AIP guidance for
retrying API requests, which is configured in
photos_library_client_config.json.
This client library uses the Google gax-php library to
make calls. See its reference documentation for
\Google\ApiCore\RetrySettings that describes
how to customize the retry configuration for individual invocations, for a group of API calls or
for an entire client instance.
Media byte uploads made using
PhotosLibraryClient -> upload (..) that have failed are not
attempted again unless a retry configuration has been specified. Customize the
UploadRetrySettings to configure the retry behaviour. Here's an example that shows how to change
the retry behaviour for byte uploads for a client instance:
$uploadRetrySettings = [ 'initialRetryDelayMillis' => 1000, // 1 second 'retryDelayMultiplier' => 1.3, 'maxRetryDelayMillis' => 10000, // 10 seconds 'singleTimeoutMillis' => 900000, // 15 minutes 'maxNumRetries' => 5, 'retryableCodes' => [ApiStatus::DEADLINE_EXCEEDED, ApiStatus::UNAVAILABLE], 'retryableExceptions' => [] ]; $photosLibraryClient = new PhotosLibraryClient([ 'credentials' => $myCredentials, 'uploadRetrySettings' => $uploadRetrySettings ]);
Samples
A few samples are included in the
samples directory.
They show how to access media items, filter media, share albums, and upload files.
Reference Documentation
PHPDoc for this library can be found in the gh-pages branch of this repository. You can browse it online here:
General Google Photos Library API documentation can be found on our Google Developers site:
Coding Style
We use PSR-2 as a coding style standard. Assuming that you're at the root directory of your project, to check for coding style violations, run
./vendor/bin/phpcs --standard=phpcs_ruleset.xml -np
To automatically fix (fixable) coding style violations, run
./vendor/bin/phpcbf --standard=phpcs_ruleset.xml
Getting support
For client library specific bug reports, feature requests, and patches, create an issue on the issue tracker.
See the support page for any other API questions, bug reports, or feature requests.
Announcements and updates
For general Google Photos Library API and client library updates and news,.Fortnite released Save the World mode as a paid, early-access feature and that has stuck ever since. However, Fortnite Battle Royale is free to play from the beginning. The early access legacy title stuck around for a very long time, as games which continuously receive updates are never considered finished.
When did fortnite stop being Early Access?
Fortnite: Save the World officially exited Early Access and was officially released on June 30, 2020 with update Patch 13.20.
Why is fortnite still Early Access 2019?.
What does Early Access fortnite mean?
Early access to a game is typically offered when the game is in a playable state but may not be feature-complete, or may still have several software bugs to be found. … These players help fund the game to completion, but take a risk that the game may never reach a final release.
Is fortnite Early Access 2021?
“Today we’re bringing Save the World out of Early Access and have decided that it will remain a premium experience rather than going free-to-play. Development of new content will slow down after this official release.”
Is fortnite popular still?
So how do we know if Fortnite is still a popular game? The number of registered players is available thanks to Statistica. According to their research, the amount of players has steadily risen since the game’s release. In March 2019, they reported 250 million you get the full game after Early Access?
When customers buy an Early Access game they get to play current and all future builds. They’re also entitled to the final version of the game once it releases.
Will fortnite save the world ever do games stay in early access for years?
Over the last decade the advent of early access has given developers a way to fund their games while they’re still in development, and a way for players to keep up with the making of the game. … Early access gave developers a way to make money while still finishing the game, rather than needing the money up front.
What was the first LTM in Fortnite?
Solid Gold was one of the first limited-time modes ever introduced into Fortnite. The premise is simple — everything is gold. The mode operates as a standard game of battle royale would. The only difference is that every weapon and item is Legendary rarity..The following was submitted by Alliance Française of Newport
In September 2021, the Alliance Française of Newport will offer three opportunities for learning about French language and culture: Beginning French, Intermediate French and “The Salon,” a special Advanced Conversation Group. Registration is on a first-come, first-served basis. The deadline for Registration is September 24th.
The Fall classes of 2021 mark a significant change in class structure for the first time in several years. The classes have the same focus as always; teaching the French language to students in a relaxed, fun and lively manner. What is different this year are the people teaching the class. The Alliance has enlisted the support of two new teachers. Dr. Steven Apostolov, French teacher at Rogers High School, will teach the Intermediate and Salon classes while Sandra Shaw will teach the Beginners class.
Apostolov has been teaching French at a variety of levels from high school to university for more than 15 years while Shaw is a 20 plus year teaching veteran of the RI public school system.
Andrew Snook, President of the Alliance Francaise of Newport welcomed them. “Steven and Sandra have considerable experience teaching French and they have both used the latest computer technologies to enhance the learning experience in a virtual environment; perfect for the current uncertain times in which we live and a wonderful benefit/tool for the students.”
Beginning and Intermediate Class size is limited to 25 students and will begin on September 14th and end on December 14th. The Salon- Advanced Conversation Group will be limited to 15 students and will begin on Thursday, September 16th and end on Thursday, December 16th.
Classes will be taught virtually for the entire semester, ensuring the classes can broaden their geographic appeal. Not only that, the latest virtual classrooms also facilitate the use of fully integrated online teaching applications accessible by anyone with an internet connection at home.
Snook welcomed the use of the technology. “The integration of a virtual classroom expands the opportunity to learn French to people outside our immediate area. It also enhances what can be done in the classroom.”
All students need to be members of the Alliance Française of Newport.
The fee for both Beginning French and Intermediate French is $145. ($100 for the Fall class and $45 for a basic AFN Membership which will extend through August 31, 2022.)
The fee for The Salon – Advanced Conversation Group is $95. ($50 for the Fall class and $45 for a basic AFN Membership which will extend through August 31, 2022)
Student registration will be completed once payment is received. Payment can be made to the Alliance on the Alliance website at: alliancefrancaisenewportri.org.
If you have any questions, please contact the Alliance via email at: afnewportri@gmail.com
The Alliance Française of Newport is one of more than 800 Alliance chapters active in 132 countries worldwide. The Alliance Française of Newport has been part of the international Federation of Alliance Françaises for more than 65 years. The Alliance Française is dedicated to the study of the French language and culture and to promoting cultural exchange. Like us on facebook.Sopron basket
Locker room
Interior Design
client
2018
Sopron basket - female basketball team
Sopron basket
Locker room
Interior Design
client
2018
Sopron basket - female basketball team
If a product designer’s first interior design adventure or attempt is followed by international and domestic awards, it can mean two things: adaptive talent, which results in the rapid mastery of internal criteria and rules in another less known design field; and full awareness of the design methodological conditions and necessities of their own design field and the ability to extend its scope. Essentially, we are talking about the same things here. About a design- and planning method, a scheme of thought. Not about style, but about habitus.
Of course, this does not mean that there is no difference in the design of an object and a complex system, an interior design object and its components.
However, if this design attitude is not based on instinct, impulsivity, not conceptual, but analytical, not emotional, but rational, then the right design thinking can be exploited: the emerging solutions are the consequences of something, logical outcomes of explored condition systems, and they are not born in an arbitrary way or on a whim.
This is how the spaces of the Sopron Basket were born, and especially its furnishings and furniture. And with them, by them, a furniture designer was born.
Awards:
Golden A'design award (2019) - A'design award & competition, Milan - Interior Space and Exhibition Design Category
1st place (2019) - Arthungry, Budapest - Design category
Designers: Annabella Hevesi, Gábor Bella
Draughtsmen: Viola Bálint, Ágota Molnár, Réka Almay
Implementors: Gábor Bella, Attila Miletics, Annabella Hevesi and subcontractors
Documentation: Annabella Hevesi
Shop Catholic • 15% off
Rosaries - Jewelry - John Paul II - All Saints/Souls
Daily Catholic
- Daily Readings for Wednesday, October 13, 2021
- St. Edward the Confessor: Saint of the Day for Wednesday, October 13, 2021
- The Beatitudes: Prayer of the Day for Wednesday, October 13, 2021
- Daily Readings for Tuesday, October 12, 2021
- St. Wilfrid: Saint of the Day for Tuesday, October 12, 2021
- Prayer on the Anniversary of a Deceased Person: Prayer of the Day for Tuesday, October 12, 2021
- Trending Saints:
- Bl. Carlo Acutis
- St. Maria Goretti
- St. Michael the Archangel
- St. Francis of Assisi
FREE Catholic Classes Pick a class, you can learn anything
LIVE Catholic Lessons (FREE)
- Daily Readings with Questions for ...
Paul Trinidad - Starts in 14 hours
- Economics - More than Money
Professor Marshall Connolly - Starts in 15 hours
- Defending the Faith - Why Should I Be ...
Deacon Frederick Bartels - Starts in 16 hours
More Trending
More News
- New evidence solves mystery of Sodom and Gomorrah
- Toilet from over 2 MILLENNIUM AGO found in Jerusalem
- Conservatives and liberals unite for life - it's the Catholic way!
- Scholars discover place where God gave Moses the Ten Commandments
- Genhoo Blazer Jackets for Women Open Front Long Sleeve Casual Wo
- Another step too far? California Gov. mandates COVID vax for children
Prayers
Bible
Trending News
Latest on Catholic Online
Free Online Catholic Classes for Anyone, Anywhere.Texans don’t budge in latest Touchdown Wire NFL power rankings
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
The Houston Texans saw no change in their power rankings over the bye week.
According to Nick Wojton of the Touchdown Wire, the Texans stayed at No. 31 overall in the Week 11 NFL power rankings. The reason is largely due to the fact that the Detroit Lions virtually did nothing except tie with the Pittsburgh Steelers. As a result, the Lions still have a worse record than Houston at 0-8-1 compared to 1-8.
The Jacksonville Jaguars dropped from No. 29 to No. 26 following their loss to the Indianapolis Colts, who improved to No. 14 from No. 17 the week before. The Tennessee Titans are No. 1 after edging the New Orleans Saints 23-21.
According to coach David Culley on Nov. 15, the Texans have high energy coming out of the bye as they gear up to face the Titans.
“Their head coach’s spirit is high, so when they see me and I walk in there, every day they’re going to see that,” said Culley. .”
The Texans and Titans kickoff Sunday at 12:00 p.m. Central Time at Nissan Stadium.A task for cryptography basics with a detailed analysis if you find a short and simple answer, you may be asked to provide an answer based on RSA. It is not so tough in case John has a PC and he follows your recommendations. Ask an interviewer how John is good at PC and math.
While using RSA, two keys are generated: public and private. A public key is similar to an email. It allows any person to send you a message. A private key is something similar to your password for an email. You require it in order to get your emails and you should keep it secret. Otherwise, a message sent to you may be read by any other person.
You cannot send John a secret message as he did not create his secret keys. He may even do not know what RSA is and he will not know about it until you tell him about it. You want John to send you such a message, namely your telephone number. It means you need keys for yourself, not for John. Here is the common solution scheme.
“Hi, John. We are going to use the RSA cryptography. Maybe you even do not know what it is, but I will tell you what you need to do. Here is my public key… Take it and my telephone number and find out an encrypted number following the instructions. Send this encrypted number me back through Kate.”
The main goal is to create such instruction so that any person can use it. Moreover, you need to provide the required accuracy.
RSA cryptography was first created in 1973. The first RSA author was the British mathematician Clifford Cock, who then worked in the secret service of Queen Elizabeth II. In those years, his scheme was considered impractical: it required a computer. In those days, when spies usually managed with cameras hidden in cufflinks, this difficulty was not so easy to overcome. Until 1997, the idea of Coca was considered a secret. However, in 1978, three scientists from MIT, Ronald Rivest, Adi Shamir and Leonard Adleman, proposed it independently of Kok. The first letters of their last names (RSA) became an acronym and the name of this algorithm.
In the RSA system, a person who wants to receive messages should pick two random prime integer p and q. The numbers should be big, or at least they should be as big as the numbers and messages that you need to send. For a telephone number of 10 integers, both p and q should also include at least 10 numbers.
One of the ways to choose p and q is to use Google and find a website where big and prime numbers are specified. Let us say Prime Pages led by Chris Caldwell from the University of Tennessee at Martin. Randomly select two ten-digit primes. Here is an example of such a couple:
1 500 450 271 и 3 367 900 313.
Name them p and q respectively. You will have to multiply them and get the exact answer. There may be a slight difficulty since you will not be able to use calculators, Excel or Google, and most other consumer programs as they show a limited number of significant digits. One of the solution options is to multiply the numbers manually. Another solution option is to use Wolfram Alpha. Input
1 500 450 271 и 3 367 900 313
and you will get an accurate answer:
5 053 366 937 341 834 823.
Let’s name this product N. It is one of the components of your public key. The other component is a number, called e, arbitrarily chosen and equal in length, ideally N, but which is not exactly divisible by the product (p – 1) (q – 1). I may have confused you with the last sentence, but it does not matter at this stage.
In many application programs, cryptographers choose a simple trio as e. This is a good and sufficient option for many purposes and allows you to quickly encrypt the data.
You have received N and e, you now have everything you need to solve the task. You just need to send these two numbers to John, as well as a complete “Guide for Dummies for RSA cryptography.” John needs to calculate
хe mod N,
where Х is a telephone number. Due to the fact that we chose 3 as e, the part on the left is x, which is cubed. This will be a 30-digit number. “Mod” refers to the division by module, which means that you divide x³ by N and take only the remainder. This residue should be in the range from 0 to N – 1. It is likely that there will be a number of 20 digits. This number is an encrypted message that John will send back to you.
In order to solve this task, John will need to cube the number and make a division. An important part of the instruction may be the following.
“John, I want you to carefully follow these instructions and be sure. Assume that my phone number is a normal ten-digit number. First, it is necessary that you bring this number into a cube (first multiply it by itself, and then multiply the resulting product once more by the original number). The answer will be a 30-digit number, and it should be accurate. Perform this multiplication, even if you have to do it manually, and double-check it. Then you need to carry out the longest division process in your entire life. Divide the result by 5 053 366 937 341 834 823. It’s important not to be mistaken! Only the rest of this division send to me. It is important that you do not send the whole part, but only the remainder.”
Suppose that John has access to the Internet, then we write the following:
“John, you need to visit the website and. You will see there a long rectangle with borders painted in orange. Enter my 10-digit phone number into this box without any hyphens, periods or brackets, only ten digits. Immediately after the phone number, type the following
^3 mod 5053366937341834823.
Then click on the small equal sign located on the right side of the rectangle. The answer will probably be a 20-digit number that will appear in the box with the word Result. Send me this answer only.”
Surely, Katya will read these instructions, as well as read John’s answer. However, she cannot understand it. She received a number of 20 digits, which, as she knows, is the remainder of the cube of the telephone number divided by 5053366937341834823, modulo. No one has yet come up with an effective way to restore the original number from the remainder, in this case, a phone number.
Can you provide something better? Yes, because you have a secret decrypt key. It is d, Это d, an inverse value of e mod (p – 1) (q – 1). There is a convenient algorithm for its calculation, which you can use provided that you know two prime numbers p and q, which were used to obtain N.
State encrypt number/message which John has sent you back. Y. Its initial message was
Yd mod N.
In order to determine this value, you just need to enter in Wolfram Alpha (replace Y, d and N with actual numbers).
Kate knows N because it was written on a card that you asked here to send to John. She knows Y as it was specified in the response sent to John. However, she does not know d and she cannot define it. This way, Kate faces an algorithm difficulty. When you multiply two numbers, no one will have any difficulties, because this is what everyone in the school has taught. However, it is much more complicated to determine the multiplier, having a huge number.Clearfield County, PA – A cabin near Clearfield was destroyed in a fire over the weekend.
It happened just off of Old Erie Pike near Scribbers Road in Lawrence Township early Sunday morning.
The fire was difficult to battle because the larger firetrucks were unable to access the scene.
The cabin was a total loss.
No injuries were reported.
The cause of the fire is still being investigated.
Photo is courtesy of the Rescue Hose and Ladder Company.Local places to visit
- Stonehenge. 10 minutes World Heritage Site.
- Old Sarum. 20 minutes. This Iron Age Hill Fort is where the first Salisbury Cathedral stood
- Avebury. 30 minutes.
- Salisbury. The historic Cathedral city is 20 minutes.
- Bath. 1 hour
- Wilton House. 25 minutes. Beautiful House with Van Dyck portraits. The grounds are beautiful to walk around, and also has a fantastic adventure playground for children.
- Heale Gardens. 20 minutes.
- Marlborough and its White Horse. 20 minutes.
- Lacock. 45 Minutes National Trust Village with a beautiful Abbey which is used for filming lots of period dramas (including Cranford and Harry Potter films).
- Longleat. 45 minutes. Another great place for all the family.
- Bowood. 45 minutes. Lovely house and great adventure playground.
- Other places to visit. As we are well situated at around an hour’s drive of many major towns and tourist attractions the list is endless of other places you could visit: Bath, Oxford, Marlborough, Cirencester, Cheltenham, Stourhead, Winchester, Bournemouth, Studland Bay and the Dorset beaches.
Salisbury Cathedral
Local Pubs
- The Swan, Long Street, Enford (3 minute walk). 01980 670 338
Our lovely local pub, which is village owned, has great atmosphere, serves local beer and has an imaginative menu. Open daily
- The Red Lion, East Chisenbury (3 minute drive or 15 minutes walk) 01980 671 124 The Red Lion is a gourmet pub and has recently won a Michelin Bib Gourmand award for its cuisine. Open daily
Child friendly activities
As well as Longleat, Wilton House, Bowood and Old Sarum and other good places for the children are:
- The Hawk Conservancy
- Paultons Park Fantastic family theme park which is great for all ages including the little ones as it encompasses Peppa Pig world theme park as well.
- Cholderton Charlies’ Farm is a firm favourite with our children!
- The Museum of Army Flying.
Holiday Activities available in the Area:
If you want to get ‘active’ here are our suggestions. Some need pre-booking:
- Private Fishing on the doorstep! Manningford Trout Fishery which is 10 minutes away is a stocked lake with a Trout Farm, expert tuition can be arranged as well as a chance to fish the lake and catch some Rainbows.
Explore Salisbury Plain on foot, cycle or horseback:
- For cycling information enquire at the house.
- For walking. We can offer advice on literature on very local walks but also
- Horse Riding on Salisbury Plain.
- Visit the Great Bustard Group. Since the reintroduction of this fantastic bird, visitor numbers have rapidly grown. Contact them to arrange a visit or you can e-mail us at visit@greatbustard.org or phone 07817 971 327.
- For hang gliding and paragliding
- For parachute (tandem or single)Look down on the Plain from a hang glider or parachute:
- Play a round or two of golf at Upavon Golf Club
- Drive frantically around Thruxton Motor Racing Circuit.
- Enjoy a canal boat trip on the Kennet and Avon Canal.President a quaint memory of Bangor’s past. This didn’t happen, indeed quite the contrary; that it didn’t, testifies to our Club’s fundamental strength – the loyalty of its member Rotarians.
“Instead of hibernating, we had a vigorous and successful year with weekly meetings, outstanding speakers, possibly the best in my time, considerable sums of money raised, new members inducted and news of our continuing presence communicated to the Bangor public, all in the face of what could have been disabling restrictions.
“We owe a debt of gratitude to President Patrick and his Council, and we mustn’t forget PP Gavin Walker, who initiated and inducted us into the magic and the mystery of Zoom.
“We face the incoming year, therefore, not trying to revive a moribund institution, but, instead, aware of our strengths, ready to grasp the opportunity of renewal.
RI President Shekhar Mehta of India has clearly spelt out where our priorities should lie in his theme for the year, Serve to Change Lives. His belief in Rotary as a crucial agent for change in a fragmented world is profoundly inspirational, even to a hardened sceptic.
“Service is the rent I pay for the space I occupy, he says, a challenge to all of us who live comfortable and stable lives in a temperate, maritime climate. Also central in his vision for the year is membership, which he wishes to increase world-wide from 1.2 to 1.3 million. Do more, grow more, he says, by which he means that the more Rotary achieves, the more it will attract new members. And of course, the corollary is also true, that by growing more, we find ourselves able to do more.
So how is this strategy to be translated into our life as the Rotary Club of Bangor? First let me offer you our own very practical theme: Thrive to Survive; out of the successes and frustrations of this unprecedentedly difficult year, we intend to continue the nurture of a Club which is vibrant, active and growing.
“Our emergence from lock-down will be initially cautious, but I hope that, by this time next year, we will be able to look back with a sense of achievement and a realisation of significant progress.
/>Our priority therefore will be, must be, a response to RI President Shekhar’s theme, to renew and refresh our involvement in Service, the core of Rotary as an organisation, the primary reason both for its existence and for our own involvement; we have traditionally engaged in projects, which, over the years, have become precious to us, such as Croft Bowling, Youth Leadership and Lend with Care, but I also want to develop an engagement in three significant new service projects: one in the area of the environment, already initiated by President Patrick; one which is international in its focus, and one locally based, specifically designed to have an impact on our own community. Clearly, planning is at a very early stage, but I am hopeful that we will be able to engage the interest and encourage the participation of many members in these new areas.
All other areas of our Club will be designed to serve this central and vital priority:
- our fund-raising was one of the jewels in our crown in this year just past, thanks to the generosity of our own club members and the resourcefulness of PPs Robin and Bill, but it needs to expand once more beyond the Club, to take place in the public space;
- our club life will return in a phased way to face-to-face meetings, occasions which facilitate our fellowship. If Zoom has taught us nothing else, it is that the life-blood of our Club flows through the veins of friendly banter, bad jokes, sporting and cultural enthusiasms, idle chit-chat and the warp and weft of human intercourse; without all that, our lives as Rotarians are immeasurably impoverished;
- new members must remain a priority; we need them to contribute actively by providing fresh ideas, new perspectives, imaginative insights and, possibly, better jokes; PP James has ambitious plans in this area as you will hear, including an exploration of different forms of membership;
- charities, such as Rotary’s own Foundation, ShelterBox, St Vincent de Paul and the Salvation Army are close to our hearts and continue to require our support;
- thanks to Jack and David, the people of Bangor have been kept aware of our presence and our service through our website, the local press and word-of-mouth; this is of the utmost importance
These are separate strands of our life as a Club, but we are keenly aware that each one supports and enriches the others.
None of this will or can be achieved by Council alone: we need your support and participation and the willingness to say ‘yes’ to what is asked of you. We may be looked on as an ‘aging’ club, but age is fundamentally a state of mind.
We are coming out of this age of lockdown like people who have been living in the dark, our eyes blinking in the daylight, our bodies stiff through lack of movement, but surely still afire with enthusiasm in the excitement and challenge of liberation.
I will now hand over to my Council colleagues, whom I thank for responding to my invitation with exactly that kind of enthusiastic fire characteristic of our Club, to present our plans under four main heads.
The plans are inchoate, which I don’t need to remind you means ‘rudimentary, still in gestation’ and they will be developed and refined, but my hope is that you will be encouraged and enthused about our intentions and the direction in which we will be travelling.
Your Council for the year is
Administration: PP Paul Megarity
Service Projects: PP Ian Wilson
Fundraising: PP Denis Neill
Fun & Fellowship: Rtn Jane Morrice
Category: ROTARY CLUB OF BANGOR NEWSRaman’s AI
Capabilities
If you have been an email marketer, you’ve used Spamhaus to check your sending domains and IPs. That is what we are talking about in the first podcast of 2021, we are hosting a special guest, Matthew Stith from Spamhaus, to know how blocklists work and what goes into building such lists.
Matthew Vernhout and Matthew Stith discuss varied perspectives on spam traps, sender evaluation, best practices to avoid a spam trap, and much more in this highly insightful session. Listen to the podcast now and learn what the leading email industry experts say.
[00:00:37] Matthew Vernhout: Hello, and welcome to another edition of, ForTheLoveOfEmails podcast. This will be an action-packed series coming to you monthly, starting with our first episode of 2021 and our special guest this month is Matt Stith of the Spamhaus. Matt, welcome to the show.
[00:00:59] Matthew Stith: Thank you for having me, man. I appreciate it.
[00:01:01] Matthew Vernhout: As always, I will be your host Matthew Vernhout, the vice-president of deliverability with Netcore solutions. Today’s episode is brought to you by grademyemail.co Netcore’s newest community-based email offering toolset for marketers. We offer tools to help you get your authentication set up, get your BIMI records set up.
[00:01:22] Check your domain for block listing and make sure that you have a good chance of getting your messages to the inbox. Head on over to grademyemail.co to check it out. Now I’m going to jump right in and ask you the same question I start all my podcasts with. Give me a bit of background on who you are and what the Spamhaus does.
[00:01:41] Matthew Stith: All right. Well, so, Matt I’ve been doing anti-abuse work with email and all sorts of other things be it malware, web servers, your old dedicated servers, and whatnot for, 15 years or so. And most of that time has been, what was it – Rackspace hosting. And when I started there, I was just a low-level support person bringing new customers on.
[00:02:03] And then I became one of the postmasters for Rackspace’s email. And was learning so much about abuse and spam and what people were doing on the internet to take advantage of systems or take advantage of individuals. I then moved on to Rackspace’s overall acceptable use policy team, or some people call them the trust and safety or anti-abuse team.
[00:02:26] And with those teams, more or less, I learned how the hosting world worked and how there was so much abuse all over the place that it is difficult to be able to track and be able to figure out all sorts of things about, and, I did that for 11 years. No, well, no 10 years at Rackspace and just four years ago I came to be at Spamhaus and I have picked up this role as industry liaison, which more or less is a fancy European way of just saying industry relations. But that’s who I am. That’s what I do. And what Spamhaus does is of course we publish reputational data for IPs.
[00:03:14] We’ve been Oh, Brown Ford. Oh. While this thing is cut out, that’s gone. You still can’t. Can you hear me? I got you. Okay, that’s weird. So Spamhaus we, they have these reputational lists and it’s more or less how we’re seeing the IPs and domains on the internet and being able to run through many heuristics about these and many rules and just patterns that we’re seeing with these IPs and domains.
[00:03:44] And based off on that, assigning some type of score or some type of weight to them. So we can assign them if they’re going to be listed on one of our lists, we’re not listed on one of our lists. So, that’s the ins and outs of where kind of Spamhaus, Is and what it does. So, we’ve been around for, for two decades, a little bit over two decades now.
[00:04:06] And we like to think of ourselves as one of the leaders in the industry. And we also have a big focus on making sure that we are effective parts of the community as well. And that’s one thing that you, you see that a lot of people don’t get when they think about Spamhaus, they’re just like, well, they just block email.
[00:04:24] We don’t block email. We just provide this reputation, but we also want to help people fix their problems.
[00:04:31] Matthew Vernhout: I would second that I’ve known the Spamhaus team for a long time, various members over the years, having myself been an email North of two decades now. So, I would say, yeah, the team’s been great to work with over the years.
[00:04:42] What’s, especially once they get to know you, they’re a little more interested in helping you. And I would say they’ve, they’ve evolved over the last few decades. Whereas, 20 years ago it was, who are you? Why are you contacting me to begin now being more? Here are the things that you should change to get better behavior and perform better if you will.
[00:05:00] So that’s a great evolution. Now you mentioned that there are several different lists. And I think, you and I were chatting and, and preparing for this and we’ll probably cross the almost a dozen different lists, but there’s, there’s a few really important ones, I think, as opposed to some of the more obscure can you just give us a little bit of background on maybe those in important lists that maybe people use on a day-to-day basis for evaluation of senders and the evaluation of, should they deliver this message at all or put it in the spam folder or whatever evaluation criteria they end up with?
[00:05:34] Matthew Stith: Sure. Absolutely. So, the big thing, the big one that we want to talk about first is the one that made us who we are today, which is the Spamhaus block list. That’s the one where you have your, we send notifications to all of the networks out there. They get listed on there and we published the dirty laundry out there to say that this was the problem that they were having and just be able to give them all of that information.
[00:06:00] So. it’s that’s the list that when you’re on it you want to get off it immediately right away. Because it’s public, all sorts of stuff are out there. That’s, more or less saying, these are the problems that you’re having. And then we have other lists out there the exploits block list, which is compromised machines that are, running into problems that have maybe malware on it or sending as, as part of a botnet or distributing botnet software and then lastly, we’re talking about right now, IP data sets in the last one with the IP datasets is our PBL, which is the policy block list.
[00:06:37] And this is something where we partnered with a bunch of networks out there and we allowed them to manage their own IP space to be able to list it, to say that these IPs should never be sending mail. Think about it in terms of things like a Comcast or Cox, for example, where you have a bunch of residential IPS, and those are technically not supposed to be connecting directly to port 25 and sending out mail.
[00:07:02] So we have a bunch of ISP or hosting providers that can publish their things on that list. Of course, we publish our stuff as well, but that’s a unique thing about that list. And one way that, we’re trying to help the community be able to manage their stuff.
[00:07:21]And also it helps them distribute places where they should not be sending mail. So they’re able to get all of this stuff listed out there. So that’s kind of, what, what we would be talking about in terms of our IP data sets, then you would look into our domain stuff. So we have the DBL, which is the domain block list, which has all sorts of little categories within it.
[00:07:40] But essentially what it’s looking at are things that have a bad reputation. Things that we’ve identified as phishing malware or, or something that’s associated with a botnet. And we, we categorized, based on how we’re able to assign it. Sometimes something could be both phishing and malware, but usually whatever we see first is the one that wins.
[00:08:00]And that’s kind of how that looks. Talking about here is the zero reputation domain. And these are known domains that we haven’t seen before. And so it doesn’t mean that it’s just something that wasn’t registered. It may be something that didn’t have any air records.
[00:08:19] It was just sitting there dormant. Parked. And then all of a sudden had records, had Amex records and we listed on there and that’s something that we list for 24 hours. And then that’s, that’s in essence, those two domain datasets. And last but not least is one that we came out with last year and it’s what we call a hash block list.
[00:08:41] So essentially we’re able to use elements within emails. Be it a Bitcoin wallet, be it a return address maybe even somebody’s sender ID. Now, these are, we have multiple ideas on multiple things that we can do with this hash stuff. But at the end of the day, it’s more or less so people can apply our threat intelligence.
[00:09:02] To the content of their messages and it will help things, especially senders to say, what, if you had somebody that was on your network, sending out a bunch of sextortion emails with this specific Bitcoin wallet, if you’re able to check against our threat intelligence against that, you’d be able to see that it’s something bad.
[00:09:20] Now, there are a bunch of them, there are a few, blocklists out there that are doing this today. And, it’s very effective and also helps against the. Let’s say unlockables of the world, like your Gmail and yahoos that you can’t outright block them because there’s a bunch of legitimate traffic that you don’t want to end up blocking.
[00:09:38] So, that’s kind of the big 500,000-foot overview of a, of our block list.
[00:09:46] Matthew Vernhout: No, that’s great. I think you know because there’s such a wide variety of the blocklists that you offer, right it’s hard to say there’s one best practice that people should do to avoid anything any individual one of those things.
[00:09:59]But from like an overall sort of the point of view, I know that the Spamhaus has published several sorts of like what we define this spam type activity, but, can you just for the audience give a quick rundown of like the definition that you would say, because I think a lot of people have different opinions and, and having worked with a wide variety of blocklists over the years, those definitions vary from you didn’t send COI, even if it was consent-based.
[00:10:25] So you’re sending straight-up stuff that is illegal, right? So there’s a huge variation of its consent-based, but it didn’t meet my requirements for consent-based too. It’s straight-up evil. Right? Where does the Spamhaus sort of fall on that spectrum?
[00:10:41] Matthew Stith: We probably fall somewhere in that gray area.
[00:10:44] So, the main thing is that it’s a little bit difficult to ascertain, but sometimes you have to think about intent and what is the message? What is the content of the message and who are they sending it to? And since we have a large array of.
[00:11:05] Of spam trap networks and domains out there that are just accepting certain, certain types of mail. There are certain circumstances where there’s mail, that’s getting sent by people that, yeah, it could have been unintentional, but see you look for a couple of things.
[00:11:20] So, kind of what the intent of the messages are, they try to get something out of you. Oh, are they trying to sell you something? And is there any possible way that there could have been any type of opt-in there? So you have to answer those questions kind of for yourself.
[00:11:37] So if I were to give just a blanket response on what we deem as spam, it will be an unsolicited email with the intent of doing maliciousness with information that they’re trying to get from you. So, it doesn’t necessarily have to be phishing. It could be just getting your money and I’m not even saying, like trying to steal your bank account, I’m trying to just say, get a hundred dollars from you.
[00:12:03]And that’s the type of thing, and of course some people do run into issues with their lists or with their sending in that they are compromised in some way that they didn’t seem imaginable. But you can usually separate the people that are having a problem.
[00:12:21] People that have been compromised from the people that are malicious in intent. And I know, I didn’t answer, answer the question because that’s a very, it’s a very complex question.
[00:12:33] Matthew Vernhout: Absolutely, I’m considering the number of things that you’re looking for and then the various lists. what you put on the DBL is different than what makes it onto the PBL, which makes it onto the.
[00:12:43] Zero-day lists, which makes it onto the XBL like each list has its criteria. So I wasn’t expecting sort of one answer in regards to, if you did this one thing, you’ll appear everywhere sort of thing. So I get the intention that there is no sort of one answer. I think that’s part of the problem that a lot of people also have is it’s like, well, I didn’t change anything.
[00:13:02] And now all of a sudden I’ve listed or I’ve been doing the same thing for so long. Does that factor in, even to some of the discussions. So like, you know maybe like it’s I’m a retailer and I’m not doing anything malicious. I’m not phishing. I’m sending consent-based messages, but for some reason, an address is on my list.
[00:13:22] It’s wrong. And it sent you 300 messages over the last year, just as an example. Cause we tell her to send every day, right? The chances I’m getting listed day one versus day 300, I’m assuming are significantly different.
[00:13:34] Matthew Stith: Yes. So, it’s more or less like. One of those, one of those things about, the beautiful things that marketers have today is, you have things like click tracking and, and all sorts of authentication stuff.
[00:13:49]And of course I know that click tracking and whatnot, isn’t like 100% the gospel truth every single time. But there is a thing in understanding you’re, your user’s engagement into, into emails, like, have you sent somebody 300 emails and they’ve never even opened one or never even clicked on one?
[00:14:10] Granted it’s possible to block all of that stuff, but more or less, it does help in some circumstances to regularly run audits on your system. Also, there there’s a lot of times where I’ve seen that some centers are like, okay, I’ve adopted best practices up to 2015.
[00:14:31] A lot has happened in the last five years. You need to constantly be updating the way that you’re doing things and the things that you’re offering to your customers as well. So it’s being obviously, up to date on that type of stuff and there are resources out there. There’s this podcast that I’m sure people are discussing all sorts of things in all sorts of best common practices that people could do.
[00:14:58] There’s also MOG as an organization that’s published a bunch of documents. And then, of course, you know companies like Spamhaus, like Pharsight security. And I know that Matt, you also publish your stuff. There’s a bunch of resources out there, but you need to make sure that you keep yourself on that curve.
[00:15:16] You don’t need to try and get yourself as far ahead of the curve as possible, but make sure that it’s things that are widely adopted that are for the betterment of not just your platform, but for the rest of the internet.
[00:15:29] Matthew Vernhout: Absolutely. I think this, I had this discussion just recently with someone as well.
[00:15:33] It was like, how do you expect marketers to keep up? Well, it’s part of their job to keep up. Right. I expect them at a minimum to comply with industry-standard best practices that are not that hard to achieve right. Working on subscribing. Functional postal address consent-based messaging, right?
[00:15:49] Those types of things are not that high of a bar. We’re not surely asking you to, well, technically you should comply with GDPR, but from an email perspective, it’s not like the bar is so high that if you don’t have a signature in blood, you can’t send the personal mail. Right. Those types of things, the bar is relatively easy to achieve and achieve by the vast majority of marketers, I would say.
[00:16:12] Right. Occasionally they run into, some practices that maybe would counter those, and that’s where you end up in trouble. Right. And I think that’s sort of the next question I would have. So you’re a marketer, you mean, and doing things, maybe you reach that 2015 level of excellence and now we’re 2021 and things have evolved and, and you’re not following all those best practices and now you’re in trouble.
[00:16:37] So then what you get listed on Spamhaus then what.
[00:16:41] Matthew Stith: Well, I mean more or less it’s time to do an audit of what you do of your practices. And you know the worst thing that in this, this was when I was quote-unquote, on the other side at Rackspace. One of the worst things that would happen in many circumstances when people were interacting with people like Spamhaus or, or your IBL or any of those block list providers out there the worst thing that you could do is just write in and say, please remove me.
[00:17:10] That’s telling me nothing about any of the effort, any of the things that you’re trying to do to change yourself for the better. Now you may deem that this is a false positive, but do some of the leg work don’t just come to me and say, this is a false positive, remove it. You need to tell me why. And that’s a big piece that I think needs to be instilled in people that reach out to us is that not just requesting removal I told, I told people that I was working with Rackspace, never requesting removal from spam outs, right.
[00:17:42] In say, this is the problem. This is how I fix it. This is how I’m going to make sure it doesn’t happen again. And, I know that sounds easy and straightforward and. It’s not some people are gonna have, some people are gonna have 10 minutes. For some people, it’s going to take them a couple of days.
[00:17:59]But the most important thing is letting people know that you’re working on these problems. And also it doesn’t hurt to ask us for advice. We can always provide advice to you. If you have a question about something, if you’re like, I don’t know how I got on this list, I’m doing this, this and this, but it’s important to say that I’m doing this, this and this, and not just say, I don’t know how he got on the list.
[00:18:21]Because, just do a little bit of due diligence and provide a little bit more information because it helps us understand your level of expertise and how much we need to help you resolve the problems. Yeah.
[00:18:36] Matthew Vernhout: I see a lot too of Marketers, relying on services, like list validation to help them when they think they have a block listing issue.
[00:18:46]And I have, there’s at least one validation service that claims to fix spam trap issues. And I was just going to ask your opinion on that. And I think it’s, it’s pretty clear. And I think you and I are pretty much aligned on that, validation services help, maybe a little bit, you don’t fix all the problems.
[00:19:10]Matthew Stith: Yeah. In terms of, when you talk about things like validation services, you know It’s theirs. They are a gray, dark gray area in some circumstance stances, more or less the main thing that I would say about something like a validation service is not saying that don’t use them.
[00:19:28] But what I am saying is understand what their practices are, understand how are you guys checking you against this? How are you determining if something like, do they have an algorithm in there that looks through these mailboxes and finds if they’re sealed like a common misspelling of something like, people spell stuff wrong all the time.
[00:19:48]And that’s something that is a challenge every once in a while. So, is it something like that where it’s looking for misspellings or, something that’s out of what, did they put a dot where a dot wasn’t supposed to be? Did they put that seal instead of.com those, those types of things?
[00:20:08]But there are certain, certain times where you have some of these validation services that are sitting there, just Hammond people SMTPs. hammering at these gates and trying to figure out, what users or not users and whatnot, and, that’s, those are services that I would say kind of stay away from the thing that you want to do is you want to get rid of the chaff, the bad stuff that you shouldn’t be having in your list.
[00:20:33]You don’t want to, try to identify spam traps, why. Because spam trips are out there to end up protecting you at the end of the day. I know that it sounds counterintuitive, but it is, it is there to protect you because it’s able to help us get intelligence and understand where somebody is having a problem.
[00:20:54] Now, this isn’t the only thing that we use to understand these problems, but, that’s kind of, you want to be able to use those services to just get rid of that, that stuff that you should just be shaving off and you don’t need that list of a hundred thousand. Yeah, exactly.
[00:21:09] Matthew Vernhout: You know disposable domains, maybe those types of things you want to catch, but actively hoping that these services clean spam traps is probably a bit misleading. That’s probably a good way to explain it. Now. In my past life I worked with a vendor that did some spam trap monitoring as well.
[00:21:27]And they sort of had this idea of, sort of three different classifications of spam trap, like a pristine spam trap, meaning it’s never been used a typo spam trap, meaning it’s just a common spelling and what they deem to be like a recycled spam trap. So something that may have existed in the past, what are your thoughts on those types of classifications?
[00:21:48] Do they make sense or are they all
[00:21:49] Matthew Stith: just as bad? They, they, they all make sense. The thing is, do you want to consider treating them a little bit differently. Something like the pristine spam trap, which is a domain that has never, ever, ever, ever been responsible for sending a receiving email.
[00:22:06]Basically somebody registered it through an MX op on it and is not doing anything else with it. They probably don’t even have any mailboxes set up with it. They’re just accepting all traffic. And then, that would be like your highest category of. You’re not doing something right. If somebody is somebody in or something in now typos or where you get a little bit, a little bit weird, but you have, you also have to consider that many of these many of the malcontents out there these lists that they get, they’re just scraping the internet.
[00:22:36]And also sometimes they’re not very good at coding. So what the, instead of putting in Gmail, they might just put in some misspelling of Gmail or they may forget the. dot com. They just may put. co. So, there’s, there are certain, certain circumstances where you can look at some of these domains and be like, well that’s, a misspelled domain, and yeah.
[00:23:01]It’s not like the weightiest of weighty things, but if you receive dozens, hundreds of messages to this to this certain address, not just the domain to a certain address. There’s something weird going on. And then lastly, when we look at the recycled domains, that’s a lie it depends on what somebody’s policy is around that.
[00:23:21] So, in terms of saying the domain expired and then somebody picked it up and turned it into a spam trap, like right after it expired. I don’t think that that’s a great practice. You need to have a time of not being able to get in more or less, take the MX way from that domain.
[00:23:38] So anybody who is sending that, let’s say, let’s give them 48, 72 months, whatever. I’m just making up numbers, but give a significant amount of time to have messages bounce because anybody who’s anybody in marketing. That is using marketing software. If the message bounces, it gets removed from the list.
[00:24:01] So, that gets removed. So it shouldn’t be getting added back in. And that will help people a little bit in terms of that. But that, that, that last one with the recycled ones is, it can be useful and can be not useful. So it’s a little bit of, you need to, you need to see what kind of traffic’s come into it.
[00:24:22] Matthew Vernhout: Yeah, there’s a, it’s either an RFC or a best buy practice around ageing out domains as well. I believe MOG may be published one around a spam trap management or maybe it was at an RFC around spam trap management that discusses the idea of, if you are going to recycle a domain for spam trap purposes to sit on it for a period of say, 12 months before Before, enabling it again, except mail and then see what’s still being sent there.
[00:24:48]So I get this question a lot and because I’ve worked at several different email platforms in the past I know a bit of the answer, but I guess the idea is for our listeners out there, how, how does someone who’s maybe not having problems with the Spamhaus, reach out and say, I wanna, I want to make sure I’m doing things the right way.
[00:25:12] Do you have any problems with my network? if you see anything, can you reach out to us? Like how do people get connected that way to say, you said you reach out to people to get listed on the SBL, right? How do you, how do I? How do I, as the network owner, make sure that I get that message in the right spot.
[00:25:28] Is there, is there a way that I should reach out and say, send it to me here? Or just fingers crossed that you’re going to send it to the right address. It’ll get to somebody that, what is the process for that?
[00:25:39] Matthew Stith: So it’s a little column A, column B thereof, Wish hope, pray that it comes to the right thing.
[00:25:45] A lot of what we look at is in terms of things like the IP stuff with the SBL. It’s more or less we look at who’s the owner of the IP space. And the fortunate thing is GDPR has not been taken away. The ability to know who owns the IP space. Now, when you talk about things like domains, well, you’re kind of SOL there because we just don’t have that ability now gone.
[00:26:09]So, in terms of that make sure your sweat information is correct on your IP. And if you, if you happen to be a provider within a provider we’re talking about provider reception now, but you’re going to be at a hosting company in your ESP. It’s at that host’s competition.
[00:26:27] Let’s just say Amazon and you, you end up getting all of these SBL notifications, but they’re going to abuse Amazon, not abuse that. Myesp.com. And you, you need to work on a relationship with your provider there because there’s sometimes where hosting providers aren’t going to say, yeah, sure.
[00:26:47] We’ll slip all this information. We’ll go into Aaron and change everything because that’s so time-consuming for certain individuals.
[00:26:58]So more or less know where you are on the internet and know who you should be. who you should be reaching out with. If you do think you’re going to be running into some challenges with something. So, if you’re at, let’s say an Amazon already has a process in place where you get SBL notification, they get an SBL notification, they’ll send it right over to you.
[00:27:17]And that’s usually how it should work with the hosting providers out there. So really it’s, you have to have a network. For us to ensure to know how to get something to you, that somebody who’s on a smaller scale of things. We don’t have open support channels for these types of things because they’re already, our researchers already dealing with so much during the day with removing listings, responding to listings with creating new listings.
[00:27:41]Working on algorithms and all sorts of things. So, they can’t handle how I do all of this? However, I think that that’s something that, maybe we can work on as an organization to publish more out there and provide the community with more answers. We are working on a little bit of revamping of some of our free internal tools.
[00:28:03] So we have come out with something that right now we’re calling it a network security portal where people can put in their IP space to be able to manage it. And some certain waveform or fashion. So you’d be able to say, here’s my IP space. I’m able to verify it by whatever method. And you’ll be able to see things like how many SBL listings you have, how many PBL listings you have, how many XPL lists that you have.
[00:28:27] So you can be able to see all of that stuff and be able to make informed decisions. And also if there needs to be a change in how you get contacted, It’ll be right in there and you’ll be able to change it. So, it’s a great question. And for the most part, it’s a little bit nebulous and too, if we can give you all of the stuff that we need you if we can get to the right person at the right time.
[00:28:49] Matthew Vernhout: That makes sense. So just a couple more questions before we wrap up one, I want to just sort of your opinion on 2020, we saw a lot of people having to go back to their roots and email. They dug deep into their files because they’re trying to message people about COVID that caused a lot of problems.
[00:29:09]What are you seeing or what are you predicting in regards to the world of email and block listing in 2021?
[00:29:18] Matthew Stith: Well in 2021, I think we’re still going to be looking at some of the same things that we had to deal with in 2020. I, I see that. They’re probably going to be some people who are just like you and I are right now sitting at our desks at home.
[00:29:31] And we’re still going to be doing that in 2021. And in 2022 because I think that we have learned that we can work remotely in certain circumstances. So, people are going to be relying on email a little bit more. And you know the challenge that I saw with what was happening last year in terms of –
[00:29:51] The “we care emails” that we’re receiving from all sorts of places. Like there, there, there were times where I was receiving emails from companies that, yeah, I think I bought something from you in 2009. And I’d never gone back to your website and that, that type of thing.
[00:30:12] So, don’t use things like pandemics or elections or whatever, whatever big event to make a purpose, to just be like, all right it’s time to email every single person that I’ve ever emailed before, stick to best practices. Don’t, don’t think about things, and yeah, in a way, I need to take advantage of this right now while, while it may be tempting, you do want to look at the people that are engaged with you right now, or recently.
[00:30:42]And that’s where you’re going to get the most bang for your buck anyway. Anybody else that you may be sending emails to, like, for example, the one that I had communicated with for 11 years, what I ended up doing with that email? Unsubscribing and reporting it as spam. So, because why did that need to come there?
[00:31:05] Matthew Stith: and made them call them because, it was just, it was just me and, the, and one thing that I need to make, make sure everybody knows this. I do not create any listings whatsoever, and I cannot remove any listings whatsoever. That’s up to those researchers who are often making all sorts of things.
[00:31:25]But, I always need to talk about it every time because some people come to me and they’re like, Hey, can you list this? Hey, can you remove this? Unfortunately, I cannot, but I can try and talk to somebody and see if we can get something,
[00:31:38] Matthew Vernhout: Oh, I have a few of those. Then just point me in the right direction.
[00:31:40]Matthew Stith: That’s my job is to go out there and interact with the industry. And if somebody wants to ask me something about something, sure. I’ll respond to you. I may get the answer. I may not get the answer. But more or less, sometimes you have to throw the coin into the fountain to be able to get that answer.
[00:31:57]But if you don’t, you’re never going to get the answer. So, in terms of what people should be doing this year, just stick to your best practices and, and, fall, fall along with that type of stuff. But also, be, be aware that yes, you’re going to be sending more emails and be aware of all of the things that you could do to monitor yours.
[00:32:17] You, your reputation, you can check yourself against our blocklists. You can use the stuff that Netcore provides. There are companies out there that assign a reputation to things telos, which used to be sender rates, has stuff where you can check IPS, you can check domains.
[00:32:33]You can also use a return path as an element for their, their sender score. but don’t look at every single one of those is one of these is the gospel because none of them are, everybody has a certain view of you on the internet. So constantly be monitoring your reputation, your domain, your IPS, what are you getting rate limited somewhere?
[00:32:54] W what could it be due to, am I sending too much mail to Yahoo and, be able to figure all of that type of stuff out.
[00:33:02] Matthew Vernhout: So you’re saying typically look around and see what other people’s opinions are collectively assumed that no individual is right. But overall, when you look and say these six sources, think I’m kind of average, maybe that means you’re kind of average.
[00:33:19] Matthew Stith: Yeah. Yeah. Because we could say you’re bad and someone else may say that you’re good. That’s there another blocklist provider. And it’s, it’s all you’re getting that.. Wide range and wide frame of understanding, who I am and what I do. So, get as there is no such thing when you’re working in email as too little feedback on the reputation of your network goes to as many places as you can sign up for every single feedback loop on the planet.
[00:33:50]Sign up for SNDS and that’s Microsoft’s spam thing I can’t remember what else would be the estimated service. Smart Network Data Services – There you go. Yes. And, get, get all of that stuff into place. So you understand all of that and anything that’s out there that can, that can help you monitor and make yourself better will be beneficial to you.
[00:34:11] And since we’re in a much, much more focused email environment now because we’re not able to say, Hey, everybody let’s get into a meeting. Cause sometimes people are just like, I don’t want to get on to zoom and stare at people on the camera as we watch things that are happening in the background.
[00:34:27]sometimes any email we’ll do it. And we’ve learned that you know when they’re there’s been many times where a lot of meetings that we had in the past could have just been an email. And I think that those are turning into emails these days. So definitely be focused on your reputation.
[00:34:42] Matthew Vernhout: My calendar doesn’t reflect that, but okay. So just sort of anyone final thought, like if you had a message to give to marketers beyond, like, we kind of did just the summary there, but if you had like a message for marketers to go and say, 2021, change this one behavior, or do this one thing when you audit your program and one thing may not be the right answer, but.
[00:35:08] these couple of things, if that’s what it boils down to, what would you recommend that they do to improve their email program? Okay.
[00:35:17] Matthew Stith: I’ll think of three things here. First, protect your users. Now, this is me talking to the ESP sorts but also to the people that are and it’s to let them know that, If you don’t protect your users, they’re going to get compromised. They’re going to start sending spam. They’re going to get you blacklisted.
[00:35:39] Matthew Vernhout: We’re rolling out two-factor authentication across the network right now, all of our accounts for that exact reason.
[00:35:45] Matthew Stith: Exactly. and do all of that.
[00:35:48]And next you, you want to look at things like what I already said, adopt best practices and stay up to date, stay up to date on everything. And, the last thing and I already mentioned it. It was the last thing I talked about. Manage your reputation effectively across diverse sources. To protect those customers, adopt your most current best common practices and check out your reputation.
[00:36:13]And maybe if I could say a bonus number four look at your content, look at what you’re sending to people. Make sure this is really what I want to send to people. And, just, be cognitive of things. Sometimes if it looks like a duck, it’s spam but you, you have to, you have to understand it also wouldn’t help try and figure out what spam looks like.
[00:36:39] And then when you see what spam looks like, it can be in your definition. But if you make a concerted effort to, you can go to Google right now, be like spam messages and you’ll see a bunch of them up there. Just people that have bunches of examples of these things. So it will help you in better understanding what is happening on your network.
[00:36:59] Matthew Vernhout: I would like that one too. Is this check out your spam folder and see what kind of stuff you’re getting and then try not to be that. Yeah. Right. That’s a pretty good indicator, for a baseline. If you will. Now, I want to thank you for joining us on the Netcore ForTheLoveOfEmails podcast.
[00:37:15]If our listeners want to get more information about Spamhaus or reach out to you, what’s the best way do you think they can reach you?
[00:37:21] Matthew Stith: Well, I typically don’t still accept direct email from the entire internet. So, I monitor the Spamhaus technology.
[00:37:33] Twitter feed and also the Spamhaus project put her fee too. I also monitor that and I can get people to connect me up via that, cause I know the people that manage it that they can connect me up. And there’s also a website, for the technology group, which is spamhaus.com.
[00:37:51]We’re where people can reach out to us if they have questions and you may get me, you may not get me. But I assure you that everybody is for the most part if you gotta catch them on good days, but they’re all friendly.
[00:38:05] Matthew Vernhout: I will attest to that I’ve had many great conversations both on a professional and personal level with staff. It’s fair.
[00:38:12] So a great group of people. Don’t be afraid of them. They do make the internet a better place. So thanks again, Matt, for joining us and to our listeners, we hope you had a great day. Time listening to us today, maybe you learned a few things about block list and you’re going to be a little less afraid of reaching out when there’s a problem we’re engaging with your vendor to help you resolve a problem who will then, in turn, engage with the respect of blocklists that may be impacting your ability to send mail.
[00:38:41]If you do have any email questions or you’re interested in learning more about an AI email program, please do check out Netcorecloud.com to learn about our campaigning and API email platforms. And don’t forget to subscribe to this podcast right here, anywhere that you listen to your podcast, whether it’s on Spotify, iTunes, Google Play, or Stitcher.
[00:39:02] And once again, please visit Netcorecloud.com to check out more and learn about our products and services. Thanks again, Matt. Great talking with you.Get the Best Results from Your Supplier
Service Detail from Component Surfaces, Inc.
In the time since Component Surfaces began operations in 2004, we have seen where some customers have done things that contribute significantly to the success of the products we work on with them, so we would like to share some of these insights.
In our new blog series, we will be giving out tips and recommendations for working with a plating process supplier.
When requesting pricing and delivery for new products, it is always best to send a prototype order ahead of time for a processing run, prior to determining volume production pricing.
The best price and delivery will be based on actual processing results. An experienced plating company can estimate the processing cost of a requirement, but they understand where finalized costs have the risk of running higher. For instance, the amount of precleaning and activation steps might need to be increased or there might be a limit on the number of parts that can be processed in each run due to deposit thickness variations or other factors. Without the benefit of gathering information with a trial run, these extra costs would need to be considered in the final price.
In many cases, we know that you may need to have pricing estimates ahead of time to prepare cost with your customer or to include in your own planning. But whenever the possibility of an early trial plating run exists, it is smart to take advantage of it to get the best pricing for plating your products as early as possible.The Dirt on AML - August Newsletter to light at the point of the terrorist attack or being found out by law enforcement. Both rely on the movement of money covertly through the financial sector or cash economy. Although they may share many techniques they have different overall aims. Terrorism financing takes any funds (including legitimate funds) and moves them towards an intended crime, the results of which can be significant. Money laundering takes proceeds of crime and attempts to transform these into clean (legitimate) funds, this is by far the more prevalent in New Zealand.
Money Laundering also has a significant effect, although not as transparent perhaps, and has implications both within and outside New Zealand. Laundering touches all levels of society; the selling of drugs on our poorest streets, laundering cash through local and offshore businesses and corrupt politicians and officials laundering funds through shell companies and trusts via tax havens and multi-jurisdictional structures e.g. the Panama Papers scandal. There are the financial effects of distorting the economy, eroding the tax base and depressing growth, the reputation effects of been seen as a safe and trustworthy place to do business and the emotional/physical effects on those caught in the drug net, the frustration of seeing offshore criminals sequester funds into our artificially inflated housing market whilst being unable to escape the rent trap or seeing people in our own neighbourhoods enjoying luxury assets we can only dream about.
Money laundering has three overlapping phases.
The placement stage such as cash from illegal drug sales being co-mingled with legitimate business takings or is traded for assets, an illegitimate tax refund being used to buy shares in a company or a fraudulently obtained loan being split up and moved through several bank accounts or loaded into a number of credit cards.
The layering stage involves making a series of transactions, conversions or movements of the illicit funds to confuse the audit trail, obstruct any investigation and put some distance between the launderer and the original crime. Examples of these include; the engagement of professional services to move funds through trust accounts and the concealment of beneficial owners such as setting up trading companies with nominee directors or shareholders; trade based fraud such as disguising fund transfers as legitimate payments using fake supporting documentation.
The integration stage is the ultimate goal. The use of clean funds to enjoy luxury assets or real estate, investing funds back into criminal activities or investing in legitimate businesses. Again professional services can be instrumental in supporting this integration into real estate, businesses and other assets especially where property titles are placed in third party names or in the names of trusts or companies to maintain some distance from the actual beneficial owner.
Like money laundering terrorism financing also has three phases.
Raising funds; these can involve criminal activities but could equally be from donations or other forms of legitimate earnings. The use of charitable trusts is a vehicle often utilised.
Transferring of funds; this generally means the movement of funds or value across borders – physical transportation of cash, wire transfers or the use of hawala networks (an very-old informal transaction system that is difficult to monitor).
Use of funds; this involves the terrorist groups funding their operations from living expenses through to a terrorist act.
The express statutory purpose of the Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Financing Terrorism Act (AML/CFT Act) is to detect and deter both of these actions, to maintain and enhance New Zealand’s international reputation by adopting, where appropriate in the New Zealand context, recommendations issued by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) and to contribute to public confidence in the financial system.
It would be fair to say the implementation of the Act has had a significant, and perhaps disproportionate, impact on individual businesses. It has placed requirements on reporting entities that are both costly and time consuming to implement. Appointment of compliance officers, onboarding time and cost of customer due diligent measures, training of staff, ongoing monitoring and two yearly audits all adds up.
Some businesses have also spent an amount of time on ensuring they do not become captured under the Act, resulting in possible lost earnings and inconvenience to clients, but in some cases a good ole’ shake up chance to refocus.
However, there are some benefits from being compliant:
The exercise of writing the risk-assessment and compliance programme is valuable in gaining insights into your business’s operations and governance. It can improve systems and efficiencies and combining with existing business processes will be mutually reinforcing.
A well designed programme deters criminals by putting scrutiny and the threat of reporting to Police in their way and builds a greater barrier to being exploited or risking reputational and financial damage.
Staff will have greater situational awareness and become aware of criminal influences both in and outside the business, such as fraud.
Public confidence in the system and individual businesses aids investment and take-up of services.
And having an understanding of the wider benefits of maintaining safer communities, being regarded as good global citizens and having a trusted financial system, along with better policy making due to more accurate economic information and a larger tax take to fund social spending may go some way in making the burden easier to carry, or at least provide greater understanding of why the Act is necessary.
So do the benefits outweigh the costs? That’s possibly more an ethical/social conscious question than a quantitative one for many businesses captured by the act and one that will inevitably bring a range of answers. What is clear is that the Act is here to stay – how we reconcile that to our individual situation is up to you.
That’s all for this month…..Q: Why is Auburn’s rally cry “War Eagle,” and they fly an eagle during opening activities, but their mascot is a tiger?
—Kathy McDonough, Peachtree Corners
A: Auburn's nickname has been the Tigers since "the university first fielded a football team against Georgia in Atlanta in 1892," according to the athletic program's website. Auburn's mascot is a tiger named Aubie, who first appeared on a football program cover in 1959, and became a costumed mascot in 1979. There are several legends regarding the origin of "War Eagle" as the school's battle cry. The most popular one centers on a Civil War veteran who attended Auburn's game against Georgia in 1892. He brought a pet eagle, which flew away and began soaring around the field. Auburn's team put together a scoring drive while the eagle circled the field, leading the fans to yell "War Eagle!" Auburn grads and fans use the phrase to greet one another.
Q: Will people who have prepaid tolls be given a refund since they’ve done away with the toll on Ga. 400?
—Carole Baker, Atlanta
A: Peach Pass customers can request a refund, but the State Road and Tollway Authority is encouraging drivers to keep their accounts active, spokeswoman Malika Reed Wilkins told Q&A on the News in an email. Existing funds could be used on upcoming projects, such as the I-75 South reversible toll lanes in Henry and Clayton counties, the Northwest Corridor toll lanes in Cobb and Cherokee counties and the I-85 express lanes extension in Gwinnett County. "The money that is in the customer's account will remain, so funds will be there when they choose to use any Peach Pass toll facility," Wilkins wrote.
Andy Johnston wrote this column. Do you have a question about the news? We’ll try to get the answer. Call 404-222-2002 or email q&a@ajc.com (include name, phone and city).
About the Author"IMAGINARY - through the eyes of mathematics" is now in İzmir!
event
"IMAGINARY - through the eyes of mathematics" is now in İzmir!
Oct. 5, 2015 to Oct. 20, 2015
10:00-19:00
Closed on Sundays.
İzmir Konak İş Sanat Galeri|İş Bankası İzmir Konak Şubesi|Çobanoğlu Zekibey Cad. No: 2 Konak|İzmir|35260|TR
Credits
- Partners
Mathematisches Forschungsinstitut Oberwolfach (MFO)
Turkish Mathematical Society (TMD)
Istanbul Center for Mathematical Sciences (IMBM)
- Team members
Mine Özerden, Celal Cem Sarıoğlu, Ahmet Aküzüm, Fulya Taştan, İlkiz Bildik, Ferit Öztürk, Betül Tanbay, Bianca Violet, Christian Stussak, Andreas Matt,
- Exhibition guides
Beste Akdoğan, Buğurcan Dişibüyük, Büşra Özsavaş, Celal Cem Sarıoğlu, Cihan Sahillioğulları, Duygu Toğral, Ebru Öztürk, Ebrar Ölçer, Elif Kılınç, Emel Aydın, Gizem Güneş, Meltem Güllüsaç, Sabri Kaan Gürbüzer, Şule Gündüz, Turgay Akyar
Supported by:
Bundesministerium für Bildung und Forschung (BMBF), partial supports by İş Bankası and Dokuz Eylül University
Partners/Sponsors:
“IMAGINARY - through the eyes of mathematics” is now in İzmir!
IMAGINARY in Turkey is directed by Turkish Mathematical Society (TMD); it is scientifically supervised by Istanbul Center for Mathematical Sciences (IMBM). Up to now there have been three separate successful installations in İstanbul.
Visit this gorgeus exhibition with your children, parents, students, professors and neighbors between October 5-20 2015. During your visit, you can discuss mathematics at all levels with the expert guides who are present in the exhibitionRecognized with an honorary degree from Queen’s University for her work in mental health, a humble Glenn Close used her time in the spotlight to pay tribute to others affected by mental illness — including members of her own family.
The award-winning actress was conferred with an honorary Doctor of Laws on Thursday during a convocation for graduates of the faculty of arts and science.
Prior to her speech, Close told reporters that the honorary degree meant “a great deal” because she was receiving it on behalf of her whole family.
It was a sentiment she echoed in her impassioned address to the Class of 2013, when Close spoke lovingly of her sister Jessie Close, who has bipolar disorder, and nephew Calen Pick, who lives with schizoaffective disorder (a combination of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder).
“I really wouldn’t be here today without them,” Close told the assembled gathering at Grant Hall. “We have learned that mental illness is a family affair.”
The veteran actress, 66, is co-founder of Bring Change 2 Mind, which is dedicated to ending the stigma and discrimination surrounding mental illness.
Close said she also accepted the honour on behalf of “the 32,000-strong” who form her organization’s community online for sharing their stories and pledging their commitment to the mission, calling them “the heart and soul of this movement.”
She commended Jessie and Calen for their willingness to “come out” as part of a national campaign to speak of living with mental illness.
“Deciding to be advocates for mental illness, Jessie and Calen have been transformed,” Close said.
“We have learned firsthand that being able to talk openly about your illness or about illness that is in your family is a huge and crucial step in recovery — not only for yourself, but for those who love and support you. And we have also learned that the earlier you can start the conversation and get help, the better the outcome.”
Close said she met with the mental health working group and mental health commission at Queen’s and was impressed with what the faculty and students were doing to help educate people about mental illness and “help start the conversation.”
It’s a dialogue she encouraged graduates to continue as they branch out beyond Queen’s, stressing the importance of empathy and compassion for others.
“Learn to walk in each other’s shoes,” she said. “In a world that is depending more and more on screens of various sizes, don’t forget to look into each other’s faces. Don’t forget the power of two eyes looking into two other eyes, and don’t forget to listen to each other’s voices.
“We can empower ourselves and those we love who live with mental illness to shout it from the rooftops that help is available, recovery is possible, families can heal and lives will be saved.”
Amid the serious discussion surrounding mental health, Close engaged in several moments of levity prior to and during convocation proceedings.
Ahead of her speech, she joked to reporters that she was receiving an appropriate degree in light of her recent Emmy-winning role as a tough-as-nails litigator on TV’s “Damages.”
“I love that I’m an honorary Doctor of Laws having just played a lawyer for five years. She would be pleased,” Close said, referring to her ruthless TV alter ego, Patty Hewes.
She told the convocation assembly her surgeon father, the late Dr. William Close, “would be thrilled that one of his children is a doctor now — albeit an honorary one.”
“He was really worried when I told him that I wanted to be an actress,” she recalled.
“My dad was a very high achiever, and (being an) actress probably isn’t a career that he had thought for me. So he actually told me that I’d better learn shorthand as a backup,” she added, laughing, noting she took such a course at school and was “really bad at it.”
Close’s numerous screen credits include “Fatal Attraction,” “The Big Chill” and “Dangerous Liaisons.”
So how does Thursday’s honour compare to an Academy Award nomination (something Close has experienced a whopping six times)?
“This is much more important than an Oscar nomination,” she told reporters, smiling and laughing.
“Really, (the) Oscars for me is a huge honour to be recognized for whatever you’ve done, the body of work or movie you’re being recognized for. But I’m not alone in my profession in thinking it’s a bit crazy to say who’s better than the other one because you’re talking about art and artists.
“So I feel, in many ways, this recognition (from Queen’s) means a great deal to me because I receive it on behalf of my whole family.”
—Lauren La RoseBy Rev. Canon Keith Nethery and Peggy Roffey
Indwell
It was a simple challenge, accepted on the spot. It occurred at an early June information session in London put on by Indwell. This Christian based, non-profit organization based in Hamilton was on the verge of its first project in the Forest City following successful Housing Projects in Hamilton, Simcoe and Woodstock. Organizers asked for help in finishing the furnishing of 45 one bedroom affordable apartments in the Woodfield Project downtown. The cost was $3500.00 per unit. That challenge was met by a family in attendance, who then turned to Canon Keith Nethery and said, “St. James should do one too.” A quick yes was followed by a little bit of, “Oh what have I done!” No fear was necessary as in three weeks just shy of $7000.00 had been raised by the congregation.
Indwell, which has a second London project in the works at the site of the Old Embassy Hotel, is a somewhat unique concept. They call what they do affordable and supportive communities. With on-site nursing, counselling and social programs, the goal is to restore dignity while providing a home for people at an affordable rate with a community building around them. The members of St. James Westminster plan to make this partnership with Indwell an ongoing relationship.
Out of the Cold gets a warm welcome from St. James
St. James’ Outreach Committee spurred St. James’s response to London’s Out of the Cold program this past harsh winter, raising not just the target of $2,000, but a generous total of $4,000.
Your gift was delivered to little Beth Emanuel Methodist Episcopal Church on Grey street, that opened its doors nightly to people needing a safe warm place to sleep.
St. James’s goal was to raise $2,000 to help Beth Emanuel buy 20 cots so their overnight guests would no longer need to roll out their sleeping bags on the floor.
The additional funds will help Beth Emanuel improve the facilities available for overnight guests, such as a shower and a washer and dryer.
Pastor Dan Morland, and Beth Emanuel’s Food Scientist – Kitchen Manager – Head Volunteer, Lois Gosney report with gladness that a number of their winter guests have now joined Beth Emanuel’s Day Programs, focussed on addiction recovery, faith discovery, and readiness for living in stable housing.Prena and Kelvin | Meredith Manor Wedding
“…I’m so happy you found someone…who loves you through thick and thin…”
Maid of Honor
Set in the stunningly beautiful Meredith Manor Venue in Pottstown, PA, the wedding and reception of Prena and Kelvin brought its own light and sunshine to a lovely summer morning. With smiles all around and joy on every face, the bride and groom followed gray-clad bridesmaids, adorable flower girls, and the tightest ring security down the aisle.
“…life imitates art…”
Oscar Wilde
Just as a well-planned wedding is a work of art built on a myriad of moments, life is a series of moments that make memories. Of course, every wedding has moments the bride and groom can’t see like the bridal prep and the groomsmen getting the groom ready. When our team is on the scene, we capture those moments for you. From the bridal party’s entrance to the couple’s first dance, you’ll see every second of every moment of every memory.
“…shine bright so that others may shine brighter…”
Yohancé Salimu
Every wedding also has its own special touches that are unique to each couple like the cake cutting that included the couple’s dogs peeking out from the cake’s skirt and the cigar bar. These are the little touches that link two souls together and bring love to life. Woodsy and wonderful, even their venue reflects the couple’s unique appeal.
“…this is gonna be the best day of your life…”
Best Man
July 24, 2021, was the beginning of Prena and Kelvin’s new beginning – the joining of two hearts, two lives, two families. When you are ready to start your own new beginning, let our team at iExclusive Productions help. Contact our videography and photography team to find out how easily we can help you preserve every moment of the best day of your life.♦ Zones: 5 - 8 Height: 24 - 36" Exposure: Full Sun to Part Sun ♦
Andropogon virginicus is an easy to grow clump forming warm season grass with incredible golden copper fall color. A pioneer soil stabilizing plant that does well in poor infertile areas and surprisingly well in flood plains also. It is wonderful for xeriscaping, in coastal areas, for fall and winter cut stems and for restoration.Emory Healthcare has named Ildemaro González as its first chief diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) officer. He will assume his new role on Sept. 13, according to a press release.
In this position, González will have oversight of the health care system’s diversity, equity and inclusion strategies and will work closely with the leadership teams to embed DEI perspectives into Emory Healthcare’s initiatives, processes and projects.
González joins Emory Healthcare from Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston, Massachusetts, where he serves as vice president, chief inclusion & diversity officer. In this role, he led the development and implementation of Dana-Farber’s $50 million diversity, equity and inclusion commitment and overall strategy to impact the institute’s research, clinical care, people and community priorities. Prior to that, González led his own consulting practice, was the inaugural vice president, chief inclusion and diversity officer for Parkland Health and Hospital System in Dallas, Texas, and held DEI leadership roles at Newell Rubbermaid and the American Cancer Society.
“We are confident that Ildemaro’s strong track record implementing and leading diversity, equity and inclusion strategies in both health care and non-health care settings will be vital to the culture and mission of our health care system,” says Jonathan S. Lewin, MD, CEO of Emory Healthcare. “As we progress on our DEI journey, we look forward to his expertise in this area.”
González received an MBA from Georgia State University and has a BS in business administration from Universidad Católica Andrés Bello in Venezuela.
Information:
About the AuthorBay Bridge closure morning, but the exact timing is still being worked out, bridge spokesman Andrew Gordon said.
It will be through the holiday weekend. Bus and ferry service will also be bolstered to help people move around.
"Be patient, wherever you're going," John Goodwin, spokesman for the Metropolitan Transportation Commission, said. "We saw this same thing during the bridge closures in 2007 and 2009. The Bay Area keeps moving. It just becomes more sluggish.".Rover Metals Corp. (TSX.V: ROVR – the “Company” or “Rover”), is pleased to announce it has obtained a public listing for its securities on the TSX Venture Exchange. As a result, the Company will be listed as a Tier 2 Mining Issuer on the exchange. In conjunction with the listing, Rover raised CAD$1,520,553 through a non-brokered private placement financing. Trading in the shares of the Rover is expected to commence under the symbol “ROVR” following the issuance of the exchange’s final bulletin on or about June 29, 2018.Enter a term in the search box to find its definition.
Use the controls in the far right panel to increase or decrease the number of terms automatically displayed (or to completely turn that feature off).
Archives
When we think of global warming and climate change, most of us ignore the impacts that animals have on the environment. Climate affects animals, but is the reverse true? Can animals affect the climate?
I don’t know how to answer that question definitively, but I was fortunate enough to read a very recent paper from a top fluid dynamics research team from Stanford. The team, led by Dr. John Dabiri, is well known for their work on bio-inspired flow. Part of what they study is the influence of living organisms on fluid flow, especially flow of water in the oceans.
This team’s recent work deals with something called aggregate motion of swimmers and it was published in Nature this year. The researchers wanted to know what happens when thousands (or millions) of small creatures swim in a single direction. Can the wakes they create add up to a larger scale motion and can these motions affect the ocean waters that they swim through?
Flow pattern caused by krill motion. Illustration: Houghton et al. (2018); Nature
The team fabricated large tanks and filled them with water and Artemis salina (a species of brine shrimp). Using LED lights they were able to get the shrimp to swim upwards and downwards in the tank, replicating their daily vertical migrations. In the oceans, the vertical motion is hundreds of meters, but in the experiment, the shrimp swam upwards and downwards just a few meters.
Before the shrimp began their motion, the researchers measured the water stratification. That is, less dense water tends to rise to the top while heavier, more dense water sinks. In the oceans, as well as in experiments, the water density is dictated by its saltiness and the temperature.
The authors discovered something amazing. After tricking the shrimp to swim upwards and downwards in the tank, the water stratification changed greatly. The shrimp brought heavier water upwards and lighter water downwards. While one or even a few hundred shrimp may not change the water structure, thousands of shrimp moving together can. A video of upward aggregate shrimp motion is shown here. Fluid motion from a single shrimp is shown here.
What the researchers also discovered was that shrimp, because they are dense, find it more difficult to swim upwards than downwards. Consequently, they have to create a strong propulsion jet when they swim upwards and virtually no propulsion jet when traveling downwards. Since these small propulsion jets are additive, shrimp cause much more mixing as they rise through the ocean waters compared to their descent. At the end of the day, the effect aggregate motion and turbulent mixing increased the normal mixing capacity of the water by a thousandfold.
I asked Dr. Dabiri about the importance of this project and he told me:
0 0
Printable Version | Link to this page
Shrimp populations have declined quite substantially in many global fisheries, due to global warming affecting reproduction, predator species etcetera. So with smaller shrimp populations it would seem to me that this mixing of the ocean layers would decrease, leaving warmer waters near the surface where they affect places like Greenland and Antarctica, and decreasing the ability of oceans to absorb CO2.
This reminds me of something I saw many years ago about the cumulative effect of Lyrebirds on the geography of the New South Wales Blue Mountains.
It was shown that over the millions of years that these ground scratching birds have been present that they can account for virtually all the erosion which has shaped the scenery of this area. Small effects multiplied can have huge consequences.
You need to be logged in to post a comment. Login via the left margin or if you're new, register here.
The Consensus Project Website
THE ESCALATOR
(free to republish)You can use animated gifs in your page-builder pages and campaign emails. You will need to create these outside of the system and upload just like any other image into your Engaging Networks library. Insert them just like any other image – in an image block, or within a text block by clicking the image button in the toolbar.
A few notes:
- Animated gifs cannot be bigger than 500k
- If you resize or edit the image when uploaded, it will lose its animation.
- Uncheck the “Automatically optimize images to reduce file size” option when uploading
- Outlook 2007 cannot display animated gifs in emails – it will show the first frameBells along the Condamine,
Sabbath chimes falling
Like solemn benediction from the church of Goombi hill.
Bells along the Condamine
Echoing and calling:
'Pomp is less than Charity and Fortune than Goodwill.'
Sun rays on the Condamine
Autumn colours showing:
April-green of lucerne and the yellowing of hay.
Firelies on the melon-vine-
Fairy-candles glowing
On royal coats of kingfishers who guard the waterway.
Willows by the Condamine
Pendant in the shade;
Clover in the hollows and lambs with moon-wide eyes.
Gums about the Condamine
And all the wealth of jade:
Beauty proud yet delicate as wings of butterflies.
Peace beside the Condamine,
Fruits of labour won:
Time ennobling Age with a grace and dignity;
Secrets of the mellowed wine
Passing son to son:
Faith and hope and honour and the will to keep them free.
Evening bells at Condamine,
Herds are wending home;
Furrowed fields expectant as the seedlings faintly creep.
Dusk is on the border line,
Bees within the comb,
And all the heart of Condamine goes down the tide of sleep.
Frank Francis (1944)Water is something people use without thinking every day. It washes our cars, bathes our bodies, and keeps us alive from the inside out. But how much do we know about this vital substance? Green Water Technologies shares little known facts about this clearly remarkable liquid.
Water in the U.S. is mostly used for thermoelectric power and irrigation.
Many people believe water is primarily available for use in and around the home. However, according to Green Water Technologies, the U.S. agricultural industry is the largest consumer of water in the nation. Water is used to irrigate crops and in daily farming operations. Of the 346,000 million gallons of water used in the US every day, 80% is reserved for agriculture and electric services usage.
Humans use very little of the water on Earth.
Scientists are not 100% certain about the exact volume of water on the Earth, though it is estimated the number is somewhere around 326 million cubic miles. Humans use just 3/10th of 1% of this. Water is found in obvious places like lakes, rivers, and oceans, and in hidden reserves underground and in caves. Despite the Earth’s surface being covered with up to 75% water, there is much more hidden underneath, reports the team at Green Water Technologies.
The Earth works like a terrarium.
As an enclosed biome, the Earth works much like a terrarium. Matter rarely enters, and it escapes even more infrequently. According to Green Water Technologies, this means the same water once consumed by dinosaurs still exists and may be in circulation today.
Water travels with chemicals and nutrients.
Water is never just H2O. In fact, the makeup of water changes from region to region, and even from house to house. This is because water picks up the nutrients, chemicals, and minerals it comes in contact with. Though in minute quantities, these little “extras” can change the way water tastes and smells and can alter its effectiveness around the home. Green Water Technologies says “hard” water is one example of water that has attracted minerals.* 5 billion myopes by the year 2050; up from 1.4 billion in 2000
* 1 billion high myopes by 2050; a five-fold increase from 2000
* Number with vision loss from high myopia to increase seven-fold from 2000 to 2050; myopia to become a leading cause of permanent blindness worldwide.
* Australia and New Zealand – 22 million myopes by 2050, up from 5 million in 2000; 4 million high myopes by 2050, up from 4 million in 2050.
(February 17, 2016) One of the final articles of Professor Brien Holden has confirmed a worrying prediction about the increasing prevalence of myopia, finding that by 2050, half the world’s population will be myopes. Published this week in the journal “Ophthalmology”, the study combines prevalence and population.CPX22: Magazine, CPX22 will lay the groundwork for merging the federally regulated food and beverage industry with the fragmented legal cannabis edibles and beverages industry.
- This event has passed.
Career Development: Fall 2021 Virtual Career Fair Prep
Get ready for the BMCC Fall 2021 Business, Government, and Public Service Virtual Career Fair on Wednesday, October 20 by attending one of the Career Fair Prep Workshops.
Get some tips about how to use Career Express for the fair, how to prepare for a virtual interview, what to bring with you and how to interact with people from the many businesses that will be.
October 14
11:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Career Workshops/Fairs, Co-Curricular Transcript
BMCC Students Only
(212) 220-8170Silicate Aluminum Plate High Density Casting Calcium Silicate Products Such As Aluminum Bar Aluminum Plate Nonferrous Metal US $179.00 / Piece 1 Piece (Min.Order)grinder ball millprice- Aluminum/Al foil,plate/sheet grinder ball millprice .If you have any questions or good suggestions on our products and site,or if you want to know more information about our products,please write them and send to us,we will contact you within one business day.aluminum silicate plate,aluminum silicate plate Suppliers offers 890 aluminum silicate plate products.About 16% of these are Ceramics.A wide variety of aluminum silicate plate options are available to you,
The common point between fiber cement pressure plate and calcium silicate board1,both of the raw materials are similar in composition,both contain silica fume,calcium and fiber.2.Both are processed by pulping and molding.3,the appearance,shape and length and width of the two specifications are basically the same.4,there are many Related searches for aluminum silicate ceramic feeding platcalcium aluminum silicate ceramic fiberalumina silicate ceramicSome results are removed in response to a notice of local law requirement.For more information,please see here.Previous123456NextRelated searches for aluminum silicate ceramic feeding platcalcium aluminum silicate ceramic fiberalumina silicate ceramicSome results are removed in response to a notice of local law requirement.For more information,please see here.12345NextAluminum Silicate (Lava) (2000 aluminum silicate ceramic feeding plate for casting price#186;F+ Machine and Fire Ceramic <! is available with
Sep 24,2020 aluminum silicate ceramic feeding plate for casting price#0183;The influence of the gap between the nozzle cavity and the roller in aluminum strip casting and rolling process.The gap between the nozzle cavity and the rollers is small.During the slag removal process of the vertical plate,some small casting nozzle powder,dust and aluminum burrs will adhere to the rollers.Nozzle Cavity for Aluminum Casting Caster Tips and NozzleAluminum Ceramic Fiber Nozzle Cavity improves the uniformity of the melt distribution in the nozzle device by the split block inside the nozzle device,and improves the quality of the cast and rolled products.This aluminum plate casting device includes two upper and lower plates oppositely arranged,an edge baffle connecting the two upper and Machined Ceramic Fiber Board 1260C THICKNESS 10Q
Last Login Date Nov 30,2020 Business Type Manufacturer/Factory Main Products Thermocouple Protection Tubes,Aluminum Silicate Castertips,Aluminum Silicate Caster Tips,Thermocouple Protection Sheath,Alumina Ceramic Pipe,Silicon Nitride Protection Tubes,Aluminium Titanate Riser Tube,Aluminium Titanate Sprue Bushing,Ceramic Dosing Tube,Ceramic Sprue BushingHigh -China Rubber Ceramic Liner Suppliers,Manufacturers.China High Density Unique Casting Feed Nozzle for Cast China High Density Unique Casting Feed Nozzle for Cast-Rolled Aluminum Sheet,Find details about China Casting Tip,Feed Tip from High Density Unique Casting Feed Nozzle for Cast-Rolled Aluminum Sheet - ZIBO CAZER NEW MATERIAL CO.,LTD.China Ceramic Foam Filter and Other Foundry Materials Ceramic Foam Filter,Silicon Carbide Ceramic Foam Filter,Alumina Ceramic Foam Filter manufacturer / supplier in China,offering Sic Ceramic Foam Filter Usded as Catalyst Carrier for Diesel Exhaust Purification,Wire Cloth Metal Filters for Casting,Aluminum Fusant Filtration 20ppi /30ppi / 40ppi / 50ppi Reticulated Ceramic Foam Filter and so on.
China Aluminum Silicate manufacturers is available withChina Advanced Ceramic Caster Tips for Twin Roll China Advanced Ceramic Caster Tips for Twin Roll Continuous Strip Aluminum Casters,Find details about China Tip,Casting Tip from Advanced Ceramic Caster Tips for Twin Roll Continuous Strip Aluminum Casters - ZIBO CAZER NEW MATERIAL CO.,LTD.Ceramic-China Ceramic Manufacturers Suppliers MadeChina Ceramic - Select 2021 Ceramic products from verified China Ceramic manufacturers,suppliers on .
Casting Ceramic Filter Aluminum quickly replaced various filter carriers such as glass cloth,microporous ceramic tubes,and alumina balls.Casting Ceramic Filter Aluminum Adtech China ,page3.Castertip for Aluminum Strip Casting Aluminum Silicate Aluminum silicate castertip is a key component of the aluminum strip casting machine.AdTech aluminum silicate casting nozzle adopts ceramic fiber and other various materials.It has the advantages of good elasticity,no deformation,and long use time.The working principle is to make the liquid metal flow out of the mouth evenly..Aluminum Titanate Dosing Tube Manufacturers,Suppliers Aluminum Titanate Ceramic Feed Pipe.Aluminum titanate feed pipe is the important part of the low pressure aluminum casting machine,it is widely used in the low pressure die casting furnace to the wheel mould. aluminum titanate riser tube and sprue bush,alumina wear-resisting pipe,aluminum silicate caster tip.24/7 .Toll Free Assitance Aluminum Silicate Price Ceramic fiber board real-time The biggest difference between the two is that:1,the coefficient of thermal conductivity is different,the nano ceramic plate is about three times of the ordinary ceramic fiber board2,temperature class is not the same,nano ceramic board maximum temperature of 1050 degrees,ceramic fiber board should be 1400 degrees temperature.3,the range aluminum silicate ceramic feeding plate for casting price#186; F.Aluminium Silicate,Aluminium Silicate Suppliers Products Fibre Fire Resistant 1260 Aluminum silicate Insulation Ceramic Fiber Board ceramic fiber board is a lightweight Productive Technology A variety of aluminum silicate fiber plate is produced by taking Aluminum silicate castertips are the key parts of the continuous aluminum trip casting machine which directly effect the quality Aluminium Silicate Ceramic Fiber Paper Product real-time Product Description General Information 
It is the most commonly used type of advanced ceramic and is available in purities ranging from 95 99.9%.Precision Ceramics has access to many different types of Alumina including injection molded,die pressed,isosostatically pressed,slip cast,and extruded.Advanced Ceramic Caster Tips For Twin Roll Continuous Ceramic Fiber Caster Tip For Aluminum Industry-Product.Aluminum silicate caster tips are the key parts of the continuous aluminum trip casting machine which directly effect the quality of aluminum sheets.T he caster tips can be divided into many types according to different casting machines.WASHINGTON COUNTY HISTORICAL SOCIETY (Washington County, Utah)
ST. GEORGE TABERNACLE
St. George, Utah
Related Pages
Tabernacle Windows
Heritage Award
St. George
18 South Main Street (sometime 10 S. Main St.)
St. George, UT 84770
(435)628-4072
Southwest corner of Main Street & Tabernacle.
37° 6' 28.20" North Latitude, 113° 35' 1.19" West Longitude
37.1078° North Latitude, 113.5837° West Longitude
2,735 feet (834 meters) MSL
Plat A, Block 16, Lot 6 on the
old pioneer map
of St. George.
HISTORY
Designed by Mormon church architect, Robert Folsom.
Contruction started in 1863 and completed in 1875.
The limestone for the three foot thick basement walls was hand quarried and hauled from the foothills northeast of the city. Red sandstone boulders for the two-and-a-half-foot thick walls were hand quarried from a site near the Red Hills Golf Course, then hand cut into serviceable stones. You can still see the individual chisel marks on each sandstone block. The 56-foot wood trusses were cut in Pine Valley and hand-hewn with a broad axe. The twin spiral staircases were hand-carved, complete with balustrades and railing. The interior plaster of Paris ceiling and cornice work were locally cast and prepared. The clock was made in London and shipped to St. George via New York.
Irrigation water turns were timed to the minute in early St. George. The schedule ran 24 hours a day and the meager supply, coupled with discrepancies in time pieces, caused constant disputes between neighbors. The problem was partially alleviated with the installation of a town clock in the Tabernacle tower in 1872.
President
Brigham Young
presided over the dedication of the St. George Tabernacle on May 14, 1876.
The Tabernacle was put on the National Register of Historic Places (#1971000862) on May 14, 1971.
The Tabernacle underwent a restoration in 1993.
PHOTOS
SUU
-0003 St. George Tabernacle
WCHS photos:
WCHS-00544
Jon Bowcutt sketch of the St. George Tabernacle
WCHS-00704
3rd annual Pioneer Courthouse Invitational Art Exhibit poster
WCHS-00887
Tabernacle with dirt road out in front, looking northwest
WCHS-00888
Photo of the front of the Tabernacle in the late 1940s or early 1950s
WCHS-00889
1952 photo of the Tabernacle, looking northwest
WCHS-04157
Photo of the St. George Tabernacle
WCHS-04184
Photo of the St. George Tabernacle
Other photos on the web:
Photo of the St. George Tabernacle sometime between 1933 and 1942
1940 photo of the St. George Tabernacle
August 1968 photo of front (east side) of the St. George Tabernacle
August 1968 photo of the south and east sides of the St. George Tabernacle
August 1968 photo of the south side of the St. George Tabernacle
August 1968 photo of the rear (west side) of the St. George Tabernacle
August 1968 photo of the north and west sides of the St. George Tabernacle
August 1968 photo of the main stairway (from below) of the St. George Tabernacle
August 1968 photo of the main stairwary (from above) of the St. George Tabernacle
August 1968 photo of the inside of the St. George Tabernacle looking east
August 1968 photo of the inside of the St. George Tabernacle looking west
August 1968 photo of the inside of the St. George Tabernacle looking west
Modern photo of the front of the Tabernacle, 2002?
Modern photo of the back and south sides of the Tabernacle, 2002?
Modern photo of the south and front sides of the Tabernacle, 2002?
Modern photo of the inside of the Tabernacle, 2002?
Modern photo of the inside of the Tabernacle
Modern photo of the pulpit area inside the Tabernacle, 2002?
Old photo of the Tabernacle with the Black Hill and Dixie "D" in the background
Old photo of the Tabernacle
Old photo of the Tabernacle looking southwest and showing the unpaved streets
Old photo of the Tabernacle looking northwest
1968 photograph of the inside of the Tabernacle
Dark photo of the Tabernacle spire under a cloudy sky
Old photo of people crowded inside the Tabernacle
Photo of the front of the Tabernacle
Photo of a stage constructed inside the Tabernacle and an audience on the main floor
Old photo of the Tabernacle looking northwest
Old photo of the Tabernacle looking northnorthwest
Front of the Tabernacle about 1967
Old photo of the Tabernacle looking northwest
Photo of the Tabernacle under construction, looking southwest
Old photo of the Tabernacle looking northwest
Old photo of the Tabernacle looking northwest
Photo of old (1920s-1930s?) cars and people out in front of the Tabernacle
Photo of a "St. George Live" actor inside the Tabernacle
Photo of the Tabernacle and paved street in front looking northwest
Photo of the Tabernacle under construction, looking southwest
Photos from the National Register of Historic Places nomination form
REFERENCES
History of the St. George Tabernacle
Andrew Karl Larson, "
I Was Called to Dixie
"
pp. 565-576
Historical Buildings of Washington County (Volume 1)
, pp. 10-11.
Landmark and Historic Sites: City of St. George
First Edition, January 2, 2009, pp. 47-1 through 47-3
Compiled by the St. George Community Development Department
Landmark and Historic Sites: Informational Guide of Historical Sites within the City of St. George
Second Edition, Revised 2011, pp. 75-78
Compiled by the St. George Community Development Department
Library of Congress, Historic American Buildings Survey, St. George Tabernacle
Call Number: HABS UTAH,27-SAGEO,9-
Survey number HABS UT-16
National Register of Historic Places, Inventory - Nomination Form
Story of the St. George Tabernacle Windows
Newly renovated St. George Tabernacle opens to public tours
By Jeff Richards, St. George News, July 23, 2018
St. George Tabernacle, February 8, 2919
Notes on the St. George Tabernacle by Richard Kohler for a
WCHS field trip
.
NOTES TO BE PROCESSED
The St. George Tabernacle continues to be a focal point of Dixie History since its dedication in 1876. Many changes have been made to keep it in serviceable condition.
In the beginning, the building was lighted with kerosene lamps that were let down from the high ceiling by pulley so as to clean and trim the wicks. Years later, they were converted to gas and today they are electric, although they are still moved with pulleys.
The Tabernacle was heated withe two huge black pot-bellied stoves, one on each side of the building with the stove pipe going clear through the high roof. Thus the balcony was heated by the stove pipes. The winters were so cold that it was necessary to wear very heavy clothing and it was so hot in the summer that everyone took a fan and opened all of the windows. The steam heat was added about the middle 1930's.
The first restrooms were outside with outside entrance. This was to accomodate the people in town and the two-day Stake Conference visitors who came in their wagons and buggies to camp under the many big shade trees around the Tabernacle. Modern restrooms were installed in the 1930's.
Eighty percent of the panes of glass are original. The wooden picket fence was replaced with an iron fence extending along the north and east side of the building. Later when a city ordinance was passed to prohibit the grazing of loose stock, the fence was removed.
The original outside bannister was solid sandstone from the steps to the top of the raillng but as this wore away with use, it was replaced by cement steps and a wrought-iron railing in 1960.
The clock on the steeple was the first public timepiece in the valley and it changed the habits of many peorle. Now the striking of the clock alerted everyone of the time. In 1964, an electric clock was installed by Grant Johnson.
The bell gave the clock its' striking power and was rung for all important occasions as well as school, holidays, church and funerals. All graduation exercises and school programs were held in the Tabernacle because it was the only room large enough for all community activities. In 1951, a new pipe organ was added.
The spiral stairs had become weak and so within the next few years the plaster underneath was removed, the steps reinforced and plastered over again. Some of the sandstone next to the foundation had deteriorated and was replaced by stone quarried at the original. quarry. This was shipped to Salt Lake City for dress facing to match the original The sandstone blocks in the walls of the building reveal eight different tooling designs, each done by a master craftsman. The cement wall and sidewalks were poured against the outside of the building to prevent water danage to the basement. Air conditioning was installed and the inside was re-decorated and the original wooden benches were replaced, and individual seats from the Salt Lake Temple were installed in the balcony. The "All Seeing" eye over the organ was painted over by request of the Brethren. All of this restoration was under the able direction of Leon Jennings.
The St. George Centennial was celebrated in 1961. Apostle Marion G. Romney and Governor George Romney of Michigan were the main speakers, both being grandsons of
Miles Romney
, the construction supervisor of the Tabernacle. In 1962, the "Windows of Heaven" was filmed in the Tabernacle. It was here that President Lorenzo Snow told of the revelation on tithing. This film is shown throughout the church. In preparation for this filming, the Tabernacle was "restored" (with movie props) as nearly as possible to the time of the revelation.
In 1977, the gold leaf was put on the weather vane and the building was re-shingled and insulated for the first time. Another historic event in this year was the St. George Stakes beginning a pilot program for the genealogical extraction program. This is housed in the basement of the Tabernacle. It has been so successful that it is now being expanded to a church-wide program. This is done by microfilm readers who are called on a genealogical mission for one and a half years.
This historic building will continue to serve the Lord and his people for many years to come.
********************************************************************************************
Brigham Young sent a letter to St. George seven months after the official settlement of the city requesting the people "to build a building as soon as possible which would be commodious, substantial, and well furnished with a seating capacity of 2,000. It was to be not only useful, but an ornament to your city and a credit to your energy and enterprise". The building, 106 feet long and 56 feet wide was begun June 1, 1863 and completed May 14, 1876. Today, the thirteen years of building may seem a long time. However, consider the following: The limestone for the three foot thick basement walls was hand quarried and hauled from the foothills north of the city; the red sandstone block for the two and one-half thick walls was hand quarried from a site near the present Red Hills Golf Course and then hand cut stone by stone. The 56 foot roof trusses were cut 32 miles distant and hand hewn with a broad axe; the twin spiral stair cases were handmade complete with balustrades and railing; all interior plaster of paris ceiling and cornice work were locally cast and prepared; the clock was made in London and shipped to New York and the bell was cast in New York. Both were shipped to California by boat and then hauled by wagon team to St. George. That building was completed at the same time the Temple and Courthouse were being built and simultaneously with the builing of homes and carving farms out of the desert is indeed a tribute to the industry of the early "Dixie" settlers. Note: Each stone has individual stone cuter chisel marks; the clock tower has four faces.
********************************************************************************************
In the words of one of Utah's finest historians, A. Karl Larson, the St George Tabernacle "carries the conviction of dignity and strength. Its appearance, far more than words can tell, reveals the love and infinite pains lavished upon it by those who slowly brought an architect's dream to reality. Born of suffering and travail, it imparts no sense of toil and hardship, but the feeling of effortless creation that only great art can achieve. It is these things which lead the discriminating beholder to assert that tabernacle is the finest example of the chapel builder's art, not just in Utah, but in the whole Mormon experience."
The Tabernacle was one of two "public works programs" undertaken in southern Utah by President Brigham Young. Because of the hard economic conditions facing the Dixie Cotton Mission, the church leader advised the saints to build a tabernacle and a courthouse. They did. All tithing of the Mormon Church south of and including Cedar City, and later Beaver, Utah, was turned to the construction of the Tabernacle.
The ground was dedicated by Apostle Orson Pratt June 1, 1863. The walls, the stone portion of the tower, and the roof, were on by December 29, 1871. The interior was furnished in 1875. Brigham Young, Jr. dedicated it May 14, 1876 at a southern Utah mission conference.
All materials were produced locally except for the window panes, door locks, hinges and chandeliers. The window glass was shipped from the Atlantic seaboard by way of Cape Horn to Wilmington, California. Popular legend credits Peter Nielson of Washington, Utah, with paying the whole $600.00 freight bill from savings he had garnered to improve his own humble dwelling.
Limestone and sandstone for the foundations and walls respectively were quarried nearby. Timber was hauled from Pine Valley 35 miles to the north. Plaster was burned nearby. The timber trusses were hand-hewn with broad axes.
The following people should be credited for their labors: Builder, suppliers, etc: Quarryman: Archibald McNeil; Blacksmith: Hector McQuarrie; Stonecutters: William Fawcett, Charles L. Walker, Wilson Lund, George Brooks; Masons: Oswald Barlow, George Woodward, Lars Larson, Samuel Worthen and Sons; Chief Mason: Edward L. Parry; Woodwork and Architecture:
Miles Romney
; Assistants to Romney: William Barnes, Edson Barney, Willis Coplan, Hosea Stout, David Rogers; Wood Turning: Benjamin Blake, Thomas Cottam, Joseiah Hardy, Warren Hardy; Painting: David Milne, William Smith; Plastering: William Burt and Sons; Lime Suppliers: Samuel Judd and Sons; Tinner: C. L. Riding.
The lovely structure is still used for church services and community activities.
********************************************************************************************
Miles Romney
prepared plans for this lovely structure under directions from the L.D.S. Church architecr, Robert Folsom. The overall dimensions are 106 feet long, 56 feet wide and 40 feet to the square, including the nine-foot basement walls. Setting at the east end of the gabled roof, the tower, with its clock, rises to 140 feet. The sandstone basement walls are three feet thick, while those of the main floor are only two and one-half. The lovely red sandstone blends beautifully with the setting--the red cliffs from which it was taken.
The interior boasts 29 foot ceilings. A gallery ten feet high extends on the north, east and south walls where it is supported by nine solid turned columns on the sides and two such columns on the east end. The west end of the main assembly room supports a choir loft and a three-level speaker's stand. Two circular stairways lead to the gallery from the main entrance on the east end of the building.
A plaster of paris cornice extends all around the ceiling of the assembly room and consists of moldings, dentals, and 184 bunches of grapes. Three artistic pieces were placed in the ceiling representing large Acanthus leaves, the center one having a garland of flowers around the outside. These, with the woodwork, the shield over the choir loft, and the three crowns, representing the three personages in the Godhead, are convincing evidence that master craftsmen worked well.
Although very minor decorative modifications have been made to the interior of the assembly hail, it remains much as it was when completed in 1876. In 1878 a sacrament set and organ were provided. In 1883 new chandeliers were added. The total cost of the building has been estimated to be $110,000.
********************************************************************************************
Commentary by Mary Phoenix:
When Brigham Young visited St. George about one year after the first settlers had entered the valley, he found the citizens suffering from the same malaise that had affected earlier settlers. Every dam they had placed in the Virgin River had washed out just as the water was most needed. Food was scarce until the next harvest. The intense summer heat unbroken by any shade, the swarms of flies and the malaria many contracted were driving many to leave. Unless there was immediate help, there would soon be no Cotton Mission.
Brigham's solution to such problems was always to unite his flock in a big project in which they could all take pride and in their enthusiasm they often forgot their personal problems. He wrote Erastus Snow, presiding apostle. "I want you and the brethren to build, as speedily a possible, a good, substantial, commodious well-furnished meeting house, one large enough to comfortably seat 2,000 persons (there were less than 200 people in St. George at the time) and that will not only be useful, but also an ornament to your city, and a credit to your energy and enterprise." To the credit of these poor, over-worked, hungry people they did just that. The cornerstone was laid on Brigham Young's birthday, June 1, 1863. Financing was by tithing, paid in produce, which was stored in a tithing office located just above the corner on North Main Street. Workers on the Tabernacle were paid in T.O. or tithing scrip, which they could exchange at the office for needed supplies. The last stone was placed on the tower on Dec. 29, 1881 and the interior of the building completed for dedication in May, 1876. It is impossible for us to even imagine the back-breaking human effort that went into the construction of the Tabernacle. The limestone for the three-foot thick basement walls was hand quarried and hauled from the foothills north of the city; the red sandstone blocks for the two and one-half-foot thick walls were hand quarried from a site near the present Red Hills Golf Course and then hand cut, stone by stone. Fifty-six foot trusses were cut thirty-two miles distant and hand-hewn with a broad axe; twin spiral staircases were handmade complete with balustrades and railings; the plaster of paris ceiling and cornice work were locally cast. The very few items not produced locally were shipped by boat around Cape Horn and then freighted by oxen over non-existent roads from San Diego to St. George.
Miles Romney
served as architect [actually construction supervisor and assistant architect]. William Burt was in charge of plaster work, David Milne, painting, Archibald McNeil, quarrying, Edward L. Parry, mason work and Samuel Judd, lime-burning. They were assisted by the best workmen southern Utah had to offer and by young men who learned a useful trade.
The Tabernacle stands as a monument to the genius of men capable of thinking in such terms and to their faithful followers who forgot their own needs for a vision.
-
info@wchsutah.orgHave Questions?
Call Me: 773.344.2340
544 Michigan :
Beautiful boutique vintage condo in historic south east Evanston. This top floor unit with tree top view welcomes you into a spacious foyer with coat closet. The oversized living room boasts lovely details including crown molding, picture framing wall detail, and a decorative fireplace flanked by built-in bookshelves. The adjacent sunroom has three exposures filling it and the living room with natural light. Off the living room is the primary bedroom with access to full hall bath. Gallery hallway with 25' runner access to the in-unit laundry and large closet. The second bedroom, currently used as dressing room, has floor to ceiling built-in cabinetry and storage with ensuite bath that has been completely updated in 2018 with walk in shower, glass door, vessel sink and attractive lighting. Kitchen has modern white cabinetry and neutral, attractive granite counter space plus peninsula seating. Lots of details including wine storage, open shelves. Name brand appliances including Subzero refrigerator, Bosch dishwasher, Frigidaire stove and Kenmore microwave. Formal dining room is off kitchen and is large enough to function as a family room. Bonus rear office with built-in file cabinets bookshelves and matching desk overlooks back garden area. Cozy private back porch is perfect for relaxing most of the year. Unit comes with a coveted deeded garage parking space located steps off rear stairwell. Well maintained building with all new windows in 2019, is self managed. Ample storage in basement.Financial solutions tailored to your needs
You’d expect a company with 60 years of experience in accounting and business consulting to be good with numbers. And we certainly are.
But here at Denman & Company, there’s much more to it than that. We’re good with numbers, but more important, we’re good with people. Especially people who are building a foundation of success—or building on it.
Whatever business you’re in, we’re ready to tailor our full range of services—accounting, auditing, tax management, and business consulting—to your unique needs. When your profitability and future success are at stake, the cookie-cutter approach doesn’t work. So our experts dive deep into the nuances of your industry to understand exactly how we can help.
(And, by the way, it’s no secret that our experts have already dived deep into a whole lot of industries. We don’t call them experts for nothing.)
Denman & Company has been serving clients since 1954, and we deliver the highest-quality solutions right on time. Our partners and professionals work as a team to help you achieve your own business goals, and we’re ready to start.
So take some time, browse around the site, and get a good sense of all that we do. Whether you need the whole range of our services or just a few, we invite you to put our expertise to good use.*Hindu Rights to Survive with Dignity & Sovereignty *Join Hindu Freedom Movement to make Bharat Hindu Rashtra within 2025 *Jai Shri Ram *Jayatu Jayatu Hindu Rashtram *Editor: Upananda Brahmachari.
Pavneet Singh Chadha | Express News Services | New Delhi | Nov 5, 2021:: BJP leader Kapil Mishra Friday attended a Govardhan puja, organised by members of the Sanyukt Hindu Sangharsh Samiti, at the Sector 12A site in Gurgaon where namaz had been taking place every Friday. The Sector 12A site, where namaz was being offered under police protection, has witnessed disruptions from right-wing outfits and local residents for two weeks.
Late last month, a group of 26 protesters — several of whom were from right-wing groups — were arrested for attempting to disrupt the namaz before being released on bail the same day. Many of them were present at Friday’s event.
Speaking at the event, Mishra alluded to bursting of firecrackers yesterday: “Yesterday on Diwali, a lot of orders and edicts had been imposed on Hindus all over the country. And what was the result? Jitna dabaoge, jitna atyachar karoge… we are peace abiding people. But agar daboage toh wahi hoga jo pure desh mein hua hai. If we are pushed to the wall, then a push has to be given in response (Phir ek dhakka toh maarna hi padta hai).”
He added: .”
“Everyone has equal rights in the Constitution. Blocking of roads cannot be a part of anyone’s religion. It shouldn’t happen. Gurgaon is a metropolitan city renowned world over. Here you will block roads. You will block them in Delhi? This cannot be a part of religion… This is a way to stop and disrupt the economy of the country. The first right to roads belongs to people who walk on them or run their businesses or use them to reach offices, hospitals, schools. And if local residents raise objection, then no one has a constitutional right to sit and block roads. There is no end to this. People from outside come and pray here,” he said.
“I want to say that people should pray at their religious sites. In this country, Waqf boards own the highest amount of land… make your arrangements to pray there. This issue is not just about Gurgaon. Everyone is bothered by it. By doing this (the puja), others will get inspiration that we will have to speak up for our rights… Blocking roads every week is impossible, it is not acceptable anywhere in the world. This won’t be allowed. Blocking people from going to schools, hospitals, places of work… is not an alternative.”
“I want to congratulate the people who fought for this freedom… who fought to defend these constitutional rights. This is the real fight for freedom (azadi). Not the one for which slogans of azadi are raised. We need freedom to freely walk on the roads,” he said.
Hindu Ecosystem Leader Kapil Mishra also tweeted:
On Sunday, the Samiti had announced that they would conduct the Govardhan puja to oppose namaz at all public places. Some representatives of the Muslim community had said that they were willing to relocate from the site, provided they were provided an alternative space or Waqf board properties were cleared of encroachments.
The Gurgaon administration had on Thursday withdrawn permission for namaz at eight sites in the city. In a statement by the Gurgaon police, the authorities stated that the decision was taken after “objection from local residents and resident welfare associations”. A committee, comprising members of Hindu and Muslim communities, and social organisations was constituted for identifying a list of spots where Friday namaz can be offered “in the future”.
…
Courtesy: Indian Express. Only heading was changed and a Tweet of Kalpil Mishra was inserted in this report from other source.
Recent CommentsI have not played JJ2 since 2000/2001. Now playing again since december 2007.
So this is the first level I created again in 7 years time.
It’s a Pit-level (so be sure to have Carrotade running…).
I think this is a perfect level for instagib!
Well that’s about all I have to tell you about this level, I hope you have fun with it… :)
Peace out! ;)
PS: Feel free to comment/review and rate anytime, it’s all very welcome to me to get me improving my levels.
(By the way does anybody know how I can make .mod/.it/.xm or .s3m files for my levels?).For screen reader problems with this website, please call209-832-27112 0 9 8 3 2 2 7 1..The Arena Mall, which has been operating adjacent to the Herzliya Marina since 2003, will close down over the next year, company officials were quoted by TheMarker as saying. The mall has lost money for many years, and the foot traffic does not justify its continued operation, the sources in the Reality Fund, which owns the mall, told the newspaper.
The building will be converted to a “multi-use” property, which will include a shared workspace facility, a health club, doctors’ offices, and an events space, the company sources said. “This real estate package has not realized its potential,” Mirit Becher, CEO of the Reality Fund was quoted in the report. “We, along with the Herzliya municipality, have come to realize that the site does not work well as a mall. We are determined to come up with a formula that will work.”
Although ideally located next to the Herzliya Marina and beach, the mall never took off as either a shopping or entertainment site. It has gone through four owners since it was first built. Currently, the mall is 80 percent occupied, but rents have sunk by some 25 percent since 2014. The mall had the distinction of being the only mall in Herzliya where the businesses were closed on Shabbos, and all the eateries were under the hashgachah of the Rabbanut or Badatzim.ID: 58995 Closed
G. Son of Top Racer and Super Producer New Freddy x Amelia
GBP 65.00
-
- Closed
12 watching 652 views
Seller Info
Florence (8 )
- Registered Since
- 28.07.2018 17:27:27
- Feedback
- 100%
- View Other Items
Description
Super offer for club funds from our most recent 2021 NFC Winner Brian Reene. Brian has sufficient offspring from this cock to offer him for sale. I've handled this cock, and the buyer will not be disappointed.
G.son of Top Racer and Super Producer New Freddy and Amelia winner of 1st Nat Ace Pigeon KBDB, 1st International Vierzon, fastest from 17,721 birds. Dam daughter of The Gilbert, 1st International Bordeaux 10,622 birds fastest from 13,386 birds. Dam h/ sister to Gilbert Junior 1st International.
Genuine top offer from Brian. Don't be put off by Brian's surprisingly low starting price.
Bid with confidence. Buyer to arrange carriage.
Pigeon Details
- Ring Number
- GB16P 27525
- Colour
- Blue
- Sex
- Cock
Payments & Returns
- Payment Methods
- N/A
No listings found.Our way starts from the Piatra Tâlharului going round the Britei Peak, then gets again to the ridge, above a cliffy part with abysses. The first saddle after the Piatra Tâlharului is the staring point of the blue cross.
From here our blaze goes on the ridge along until it reaches the Cumpănățelul saddle. Here we meet the
We go along with the red track sign, first descending on a path, then reaching the wood path. Here we meet the
On the wood path we go along with the red track sign until we reach the glade of the Vărășoaia. There is a turn in our way (at 90 rate), going directly to the glade of the Vărășoaia glade we meet the red dot sign.
From here the three signs go together to the above mentioned glade. Before reaching the glade we meet the.
200 m before the Vărășoaia tourist lodge we meet the.
From the Varasoaia tourist lodge we go 600 m on the wood path, leave the red stripe and enter the forest. We go further at the foot of the Vărășoaia peak and as we get out of the forest we get already to the platoul Padiș.
Piatra Tâlharului, Photo: Hám Péter
Piatra Tâlharului, Photo: Csupor Jenő
Piatra Tâlharului, Photo: Csupor Jenő
Piatra Grăitoare, Photo: Hám Péter
Piatra Grăitoare, Photo: Hám Péter
Cumpănățelu saddle, Photo: Hám Péter
Cumpănățelu saddle, Photo: Salvamont Oradea
Cumpănățelu saddle, Photo: Csupor Jenő
Vărăsoaia glade, Photo: Zsembery Ágoston
Vărăsoaia glade, Photo: Csupor Jenő
Vărășoaia lake, Photo: Bușe Delu
Vărășoaia glade, Photo: Hám Péter
Vărășoaia lake, Photo: Hám Péter
Vărășoaia lake, Photo: Hám Péter
Padiș, Photo: WR
Padiș, Photo: WR
Padiș, Photo: WR
Padiș, Photo: WR
Padiș, Photo: WR
Source: welcometoromania.ro
GPS: 46.64758N, 22.69165E
Map typeOne. From social stigma to torn relationships, financial downturn to a life long sense of shame and disgrace, it is quite the challenge to live when one is convicted of a sex crime.
If you find yourself being investigated for such a crime, it is time you get in touch with a strong and capable defense attorney like The Law Men who can steer you in the right direction.
If you are being probed for a sex crime, it is first vital for you to know what you are being probed for. A sex crime can involve any of the following: statutory rape, child sexual abuse, possession or distribution of child pornography, rape, marital rape, prostitution, spousal rape, incest, sexual harassment (workplace or otherwise) and indecent exposure. In some cases, domestic issues or problems with an ex-spouse or even former relationships, might result in them throwing sex crime allegations on you. Since victim protection of sex crimes is considered a high priority, it is highly likely that you get convicted if a proper attorney doesn’t represent you. Nothing short of clearing your name without any doubt will help you lead a normal life.
If convicted, you might face stringent prison sentences, high fines, and registration with the Megan registry, which will keep you under the watchful eyes of law enforcement forever. Even if you happen to possess any prohibited materials unknowingly or engage in online chats and discussions with minors without actually knowing their age, it is still considered a crime and only a strong defense can relieve you of such accusations.
To ensure that your voice is heard and your rights are upheld, it is necessary that you seek the help of a defense attorney who can scrutinize the case under a microscope and clear your name or reduce any charges brought up against you. The Law Men believe in lending an ear to your side of the story so that the strongest and the best wall of defense can be raised to protect your rights. Connect with us and we will smoothly guide you through the process.Sunset Blvd is a beautiful stretch of road in San Francisco that begins at Lake Merced and ends at Golden Gate Park. It’s frequented by runners, walkers and bike riders. Towering trees and other shrubs and plants make it a biodiversity corridor that is used by birds and mammals to move from one place to another. This site provides news and volunteer opportunities to those who live in this area or who are interested in working to improve it for everyone.COMPANY: Bengels Burgers
REQ #: 4399236
LOCATION: 2230 Town Center Ave, Melbourne, FL 32940 nights and weekends serve as definitive hiring points. Team members must provide fast and accurate customer service, satisfy company standards on equipment, facility, and product, and maintain cleanliness.Over my time in the Philippines I’ve personally seen this 1,000 times, and sorry to say I’m probably being a bit light on the numbers. The act of “Reverse Culture Shock,” a formidable churning of one’s stomach as we think of returning back to the homeland, back to the reality that we once left for that “pie in sky” better life in a foreign land.
Even I have to admit that on my return trips home to America I would settle my mind, making myself happy that I was returning home for a bit. Once I stayed in the states five months, that was until I couldn’t take it anymore, I packed up my things and ran to the airport, literally.
Reverse culture shock happens to us all, even those that first come to the Philippines experience the forward version of culture shock.
Many times, ‘reverse culture shock’ comes from a horde of different events; the biggest one is lack of income. This is in fact the most difficult for many to live and stay in the Philippines. Sometimes it’s not actually the lack of income, it is in fact the lack to ‘bend’ and live in a manner within your own means. I’ve lived in the Philippines on both ends of the spectrum which has taught me a lot, but I can say that I’m a pretty flexible type of person.
I’ve often given thought to returning home, as I have a family house in the state of Florida. Oddly it’s not much different at home than it is here, degrees some, humidity maybe, lifestyle, well there’s another thing all together.
I’ve made a life here and I take the proverbial punches as they come. Those punches include many aspects, but I stay for multiple reasons that I’m not going to get into here.
‘Reverse Culture Shock’ for many is a downward spiral of events which often last weeks, months and for some, years. Our stubborn minds tell us that ‘we don’t want to be here’ and that alone is enough to mentally instill a negative and often fatal effect.
Those that take the final “reality check” to their inability to live in the Philippines have to face this reality. I’m often asked why I stay in the Philippines, again I have personal reasons to live and stay here – but to say if you are mentally ‘unhappy’ is not a true reason at all, unhappiness is lurking at home as it is often lurking here.
For some, the reality of returning home is the best thing that could possibly happen for them. If anything they can return home, restart a life, restart a career and maybe even find peace in comparison to the turmoil they may have lived in the Philippines.
I’ve seen people go home for years, only to return once again, better off financially, better trained mentally and often on a second or subsequent attempt, life is much easier seeing as you know the pitfalls, games and other noted issues with a country such as this.
Has my so called ‘path’ in the Philippines been simple, easy or a ‘walk in the park?’ Not even close my friend. Anyone who knows me and my story here would probably go home in anguish at what I told them. An even sorrier fact is that once they realised I told them the truth after hearing from others who know me, they must be at best be aghast at the reality I’ve lived here.
Have I complained? You bet! Have I listened and helped others? Absolutely. Would I do it all over again? I doubt it; would I recommend people to come live in the Philippines? Yes, after I hear your story and your wants, needs, hopes and dreams, yes. And if anything I tell people up front “be careful what you ask me, my responses are brutally honest.”
What keeps me here is not an issue, but what mentally keeps me here is this, I have always been a believer in the road ahead. It’s as simple as that. Every turn, every notion, every conversation, I listen, learn and take in what might or might not be. I’m not an opportunist by any means and after owning multiple businesses throughout my life in America I can say that ‘yes’ I am a business man but I’m not running around looking for it 24/7.
In the Philippines business is like many things, difficult, a bit mentally challenging and at best it’s one of the hardest things you’ll probably ever do.
I always say today that living here has brought me a certain kind of peace, a life that I could never have at home. Time here means nothing and that certain ‘nothing’ brings a life of not having certain demands or that Sunday night mental torture of not getting up for work the next day.
Sure, there are many things in the Philippines I will and cannot ever accept – that alone leads most of us to become complainers – but the reality is like me, I just simply refuse to give in, accept or at best, understand that it’s not right and not one damn person cares that it’s not right – here it simply doesn’t matter, much like the meaning of time, there’s always ‘tomorrow.’
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again “if this is my path, then let it come” – but until then I’ll live by the rules I make and find peace amongst the people that I often call my family. Surely nothing in life is perfect and without a doubt my own personal shortcomings are by far the smallest of my deeper issues here.
So today’s lesson in ‘living, loving and learning in the Philippines’ consists of one thing, the issue of boarding that damn plane, back to the homeland, back to the reality that once was – leaving behind mental anguish that once looked a bit like hope, loss, forgiveness and life itself.Today, for dinner, I had English cucumbers, macaroni and cheese, tuna salad, nine saltine crackers, and white cake. I walked Boomer twice for two hours and three minutes total. And, I also walked Boomer during lunch.
Tag: #Englishcucumbers
Tags containing #Englishcucumbers: English cucumbers are a mix of onions, tomatoes, and Great Value Italian dressing.
Day 179: Coronavirus Weight Loss
This morning, I had lemonade and cottage cheese. For dinner, I had macaroni and cheese, catfish, pinto beans, cornbread, and English cucumbers. Today, I walked Boomer for 1 hour and 5 minutes.
Day 67: Coronavirus Weight Loss
This morning, I had a Pure Protein bar for breakfast. For lunch, I had a cup of Goldfish cheddar crackers and two fluid ounces of a Bolthouse Farms green smoothie. I helped to fix Light Banana Pudding. So, I had some banana pudding for dessert. I will post the recipie tomorrow. For dinner, I had… Continue reading Day 67:.. No matter what age your car is, you can rely on us to provide quick repairs at a fair cost.EMU Library
Research Guides
University Archives
Searching the University Archives
Searching Collections
Searching the University Archives
This guide will give you a basic look at searching within the collections from the University Archives here at EMU.
Searching Collections
Digital Collections
Using Collections
Visit the University Archives
Searching Finding Aids
Use the box above to search all collections open for research.
University Archives Finding Aids
Click this link for an alphabetical list of all collections open for research.
Searching the Library's Catalog
Use the box above to search all collections in the Library
Archives Collections
Click this link for a list of all collections at the University Library.
Selected Photos from the Archives
Digital Collections >>
Last Updated:
Jun 29, 2020 11:30 AM
URL:
Print Page
Login to LibApps
.
Report a problem
.
Subjects:
Archives & ExhibitsFeatured Fiberglass Pool Coating, Restoration and Repair Projects
Below are some photos of projects completed by Coat Your Pool Restoration. The high-quality coatings, finishes, and repairs pictured below signify the excellency you can expect to receive when you partner with us. To view a selection of colors to coat your pool, click here.
Bloomington, IN
Color of Coating - Marrakesh
Aquatopia Indoor Waterpark - Poconos, PA
Color of Coating - Marrakesh
Olney, IL
Color of Coating - Ice Ice Bay Bay
Louisville, KY
Color of Coating - Ice Ice Bay Bay
Shorewood, IL
Color of Coating - Pacific Blue
Evansville, IN
Color of Coating - Pacific Blue
San Antonio, TX
Color of Coating - Pacific Blue
Make money on the Internet how to make money on the Internet. How to earn money online
Content
From online poker to selling your collection of Beanie Babies, there are lots of popular get-rich-quick, money-making ideas that always pop up. Do they work?
>>IMAGE.
- Karina uvarova binary options reviews
- 28 Realistic Ways to Make Money Online in | Oberlo
There are two slight differences, though. First, you make money on the Internet how to make money on the Internet add branded labels on packages..
Throughout the years, its popularity has gone up and down, but it continues to prove to be a stable way to make money online.
The best part about affiliate marketing is that you can be an affiliate for nearly any company, from Shopify to Amazon to Uber make money on the Internet how to make money on the Internet FabFitFun. Affiliate marketing allows you to earn a living by promoting other brands.
Watch out for scams.
.
25 Ways to Make Money Online and Offline - NerdWallet
Become an Influencer Building a personal brand can also help you make money online. While it may seem like reality stars, options earn, and athletes are the biggest influencers, keep in mind that even smaller-scale influencers can make more money today than they did a swiss binary options put options entitle.
.
- Reviews binary options strategy on
- 7 Ways to Up Your Income Online
- How to Earn Money Online | Earn Money Online | Ways to Earn Money.
This will allow you to build a massive blog over time. Remember that design is also important for making a good first impression on visitors.
Make Money Online at Swagbucks - Over $M Paid Out | Swagbucks.
Start Earning.
Download ET App:
Remember, freelancing is a numbers game: the more personalized emails and applications you fill out, the more likely you will get a response back. These days, marketers are using freelance platforms to find affordable developers to create apps for them. When it comes to making money on your app, your best bet will be to add it to Google Play and the App Store. And while icyu option strategies may seem counterintuitive, having a free app can help you make more than a paid app..
If someone asks for a marketing writing sample, send them marketing writing samples. Or a fitness one. Apply to opportunities suited to your skills and experience. You can make money online on sites like these:.LatchKey Enrollment
Before & After School Childcare
Before and after school childcare is available for all Grade Pre-k-6 students in the Massena CSD.
The Latch Key Program will be held at the following locations:
6:30am - 8:30am - Nightengale Elementary School
3:00pm - 6:00pm - Nightengale Elementary School
Parent/Guardians must be present to sign their child in and out daily.
The cost is $3.00 per hour per child. A family discount is available for three or more children at a cost of $2.50 per hour per child.
►If your child/children attended the program last year, all forms need to be completed again for the new school year.
If school is delayed, there will be no Latch Key childcare. However, MCS will continue to offer Latch Key on unscheduled early release days or when there are no after school activities until 6:00 pm.
For more information about paying for childcare, contact Tracey Adams at 764-3700 x3020.
Download the packet and complete the forms. Return the completed packet to the school that your child attends, or scan and email the forms to tadams@mcs.k12.ny.us
LatchKey Hours
3:00pm - 6:00pm - Nightengale Elementary
Contacts:
Latch Key SecretaryAn Very Descriptive Brand Name
1-800-GOT-JUNK is a great name for a business that wants people to remember it. It leverages the old 'Got Milk?' campaign, and ads a 1-800 kicker. It tells you what they do and where to call. Seeing their trucks driving around town reinforces the brand.
I recently needed some junk hauled and of course looked them up. However, their pricing seemed very high. With a little research, I found a local vendor, Oregon Hauling, that provided the same service for 1/2 to 2/3 the price.
1-800-GOT-JUNK is apparently such a good name, that they can charge double for the same service.
#pricing #branding #entrepreneur #marketingElmwood United
Reformed Church
Sunday 6th June 2021
Welcome to Elmwood Congregation Sunday Worship. Thank you for joining us. This morning, we are worshipping on Whatsapp and in church. Our Worship Leader is Rev Stuart Scott who is our Interim Moderator, whilst we are without a Minister. Rev Stuart is the Training and Development Officer for our Synod.
Call to worship Psalm 138 vv.1-2
Hymn: Great is thy faithfulness (Rejoice and Sing 96)
Opening prayer (Paraphrase of Psalm 138 from Psalms Now: Leslie Brandt)
Lord’s Prayer – Rev Stuart Scott
Hymn: Christ is the King! (R&S 571)
Offertory, Good News, Inspiration, Birthdays, Anniversaries and how God has blessed us.
Bible Readings: 1 Samuel 8.4-20 - Heather
2 Corinthians 4.13-5.1 - Jenny
Address: We fix our eyes on what is unseen; what is seen is temporary, what is unseen is eternal- Rev Stuart Scott
2 Corinthians 4.18
We fix our eyes on what is unseen; what is seen is temporary, what is unseen is eternal.
What are you wishing for this morning? A new (electric) car, a remodelled house, a new and better job? Or do you wish for less materialistic things? World peace, safer (or just cleaner) streets, an end to hunger and poverty, a more just and fair society? Or just an end to this pandemic and all it has brought upon us, a return to normal?
Those in authority influence whether and when those wishes might be fulfilled. Decisions made and policies set by others can make or break our dreams and aspirations. Decisions on taxes and benefits, borders and boundaries, crisis and conflict affect the lives of millions in their own country and across the world. We have seen that impact throughout the pandemic and we continue to witness the use of power in this nation and across the world.
The Psalmist puts confidence not in human rulers and authorities but in God. Today’s Psalm is the prayer of the community of God’s people which encompasses the whole world. It expresses gratitude to God for answered prayer and acknowledges God’s universal reign over the whole earth and the whole of time, and concludes with an expression of confidence in God.
We fix our eyes on what is unseen. How far this morning does trust in God and in his faithfulness underpin our hopes and aspirations, our dreams and wishes, for ourselves, for our families, for our church, for our community, for our nation and for our world?
Today’s reading from 1 Samuel reminds us that the struggle to make the connection between faith and political realities is not new. The people ask for a king. Their request to the prophet Samuel is in the light of their experience but it is a sign of rebellion against God. So Samuel takes the request to God and then goes back to the people, reminding them of the realities of kingship; their possessions and their people will be exploited for the selfish ends of the one given power. But the people are not persuaded by the prophet’s words. They continue in the choice they have made, the wish they have expressed.
They seek justice, fairness, community but more than anything else they have seen a pattern of political and military life in the nations around them and they want to be like them. Their wish is to be like the others. Sometimes of course it is easier to go with the flow. In our lives, and in our churches, perhaps particularly when times are difficult, change is constant and questions have no simple answers, it is easier to look at what others are doing and do the same.
But there are also times when we must be prepared to stand out from the crowd, to dare to be different. Science and technology are bringing great progress at great speed. We welcome the miracles, but need to be aware of the complexity. In the world of technology, the internet, email, zoom, Whatsapp and the rest have opened up so many opportunities but we are aware of limitations and risks. In the world of health, we are grateful for the potential of new heart valves and hips and this week for a young life transformed by the power of science, but there are dilemmas too. How are expertise and resources to be shared fairly? What are the dangers and the limits in developing, altering, manipulating the forces of nature?
The people wanted to be like the others and they wished for a king. In due course, they were given what they wished for: Saul was anointed and crowned, but it did not work out well. When we look at our lives, our church, our community, our nation, our world, what do we wish for? Do we go with the flow? Do we hold our ground? Sometimes in history churches blend in, sometimes they stand out. Now, at this point in the pandemic, do we blend in or do we stand out? How do we listen and respond to what God is saying to us, as individuals, as a church, as a community, as a nation, as a world?
At this point in the pandemic, we are called to continue to demonstrate our faith and our confidence in God. Paul in his letter to the church in Corinth reminds them, and us, that our ultimate commitment and our ultimate motivation is on the foundation of our faith. Our faith equips us to bring encouragement and hope to others in this time of need, and to go on working and praying for God’s kingdom, present among us in Jesus, his Son, our Saviour and our Lord, but also still coming. At this time we pray for wisdom and discernment to use the gifts and resources we have in responding to God-given opportunities for mission and service, and we go on learning and walking the way, living the life of Jesus today. The way may not always be easy, but we fix our eyes not on what is seen but what is unseen. What is seen is temporary; what is unseen is eternal.
Hymn: King of glory, king of peace (R&S 97)
Prayers for the church and the world – Rev Stuart Scott
Hymn: How firm a foundation (R&S 589)
Doxology:Take the chance to visit the main points of the island by the most comfortable way!
You will be on board of semi-private bus to move from one place to another. Choose by your self the time you want to spend in each place.
Tour program
From the port of Marina Grande, you can reach the meeting point at “HP Travel Office” to redeem you tickets and start your discovery of the island of Capri by the most comfortable way. You will have the chance to reach the main points of the island by a semi private bus. The first stop will be in Anacapri, where you can enter the famous Villa San Michele, the particular Casa Rossa and the Church of San Michele. Next to the bus stop, you can take the chairlift to reach the Mount Solaro, the uppest part of the island with its 589 mt above the sea level. Next stop, Capri! Once arrived there, the bus station is just one minute from the famous Piazzetta Umberto I. You can visit the main attractions like The Garden Of Augustus, the typical shops, where you can taste the famous limoncello. You can also take free time for shopping.
When you have finished your visit, you can use the last ticket to come back at the port.
Adults €15,00 - Children (0-2 y.o.) €0,0
What’s included
- Transfer by minibus on the island
- Hop and off bus ticket
- Detailed map of the island
Not included
- Every not specified service
Departing Point
Extra Information
- Guaranteed every day from the 1st of April to the 31st of October
- You can redeem you tickets from 9:30 am till 1:00 pm.Breaking his silence now that Britney Spears’ conservatorship is over, the pop singer’s fiance Sam Asghari said he was absolutely sure that she would win her legal battle.
“I am so happy for her and I’ve been a backbone for her as much as I could, but this is all on her,” Asghari told ‘Variety’. “She’s been a rock. She inspires me. She loves her fans. So you know, all the fans and her effort, kind of make this become, you know, possible. So I’m happy for her.”
Sam Asghari said he “absolutely” believed that Britney Spears would win the legal battle. “It’s amazing for me to feel the love for her and for her to see how many people love her because of the love that she gave other people,” he said. “They’re just giving it back to her.”
Trending
In addition to helping plan their wedding, Sam Asghari is busy pursuing his acting career. He recently appeared on ‘Black Monday’ after popping up on ‘Hacks’ as a “sexy Santa”. He also has a part in ‘Hot Seat’, an upcoming thriller starring Mel Gibson and Shannen Doherty.
“I’m just living my life and having a great moment,” Sam Asghari said in his conversation with ‘Variety’. “And I just want to thank (Spears) so much for putting me on the map as far as, you know, everything else that’s going on in my career.”
Must Read: Johnny Depp & Amber Heard’s Home Videos, Text Messages From Court To Be Revealed In The New Documentary?Titans vs Eels NRL predictions & best bets | Round 18, 2021
The new-look NRL will kick off in Round 18 when the Parramatta Eels take on the Gold Coast Titans at CBUS Super Stadium on Friday evening.
All 12 clubs based in New South Wales and the ACT have relocated to south-east Queensland to keep the competition alive amidst the COVID-19 pandemic and it is going to create havoc, at least for the first weekend of games.
The Gold Coast are fresh off a bye and a 44-6 win over Canberra in the preceding week, so there might be some value in taking them as a home underdog. They’ve had two weeks to prepare for a Parramatta team who are navigating the tricky and untested waters of hub life and could well be without Mitchell Moses and Junior Paulo should they not back up from State of Origin.
The Eels have a better side, but the unusual preparation could well play a huge role and without Moses they won’t have the same usual fluency in attack. If the Titans can get all three of their Origin forwards to back up, they should be right in this contest.
Titans vs Eels betting analysis
AJ Brimson, Tino Fa’asuamaleaui, Moeaki Fotuaika and David Fifita will all come off the bench for the Maroons less than 48 hours before the game against the Eels, so it will be interesting to see how Justin Holbrook uses them. To have a shot at beating the Eels, he will need to play them all, but just how many minutes can he squeeze out of the big units before they lose some effectiveness?
One thing you can almost be certain of is the points will flow, with the Titans averaging 51.8 total points in all their matches played this year, so the overs on 50.5 total points at $1.90 makes a terrific bet. David Fifita has 11 tries for the season so far, so there should be a healthy amount of money come in for him to barge over from close range. Kevin Proctor on the other edge is also another ‘value option’, having scored six in his 15 appearances this year.
Recommended!
Fast Payouts
50% matched deposit up to USD $5,000
Live Betting Odds
Claim a 50% deposit bonus up to the value of USD $250
While there is going to be a lot of weirdness to their week as the Eels leave Sydney and enter the NRL hub, one thing you can count on is either of Maika Sivo or Clint Gutherson to score a try at any time. Between them they have 27 tries for the season, and there is some money to be had if you combine them for a two-leg multi.
Mitchell Moses should back up from State of Origin, but Junior Paulo is less likely, so Moses might be another tryscorer to look for, especially if he has a strong debut for New South Wales. The 13+ margin on the Eels at $2.80 is where you will see a lot of punters place their cash considering the Titans have given up 90 points in their last two home games.
Key matchup: AJ Brimson vs Clint Gutherson
AJ Brimson will play the utility role for Queensland on Wednesday, but when he returns to fullback for the Titans, it is going to be hard to go past his individual battle with Clint Gutherson. Both men have exceptional motors; Gutherson might be the fittest player in the competition, but Brimson is not be far behind him. If fans could see an aerial shot of these two players and the ground they cover to create opportunities, only then would they get a full appreciation of their talents. Whether it is their ball-playing on the edges or supporting their offloading forwards through the middle, you cannot watch this game without hoping both the fullbacks are at their best.
Titans vs Eels predictions & value bets
Winning margin: Parramatta Eels by 13+ points
Parramatta might have a disrupted week, but they have won their last two games on the Gold Coast by the 13+ margin and should make it a hat-trick on Friday night. Provided they get Mitchell Moses back, the Eels will be too classy all across the park.
Same game multi: 3 legs @ $5.25
Parra will get up by the big margin, and both Clint Gutherson and Maika Sivo should have their chances to score. Put it all together for a $5.25 return at Sportsbet.Supporting Strategies: Blog & Testimonials
Topics: Blog Template
Project Details:
We built a new blog listing and post template for Supporting Strategies and also built a new template and custom modules for their testimonial page.
Deliverables:
- Blog listing and post template
- Testimonial template with custom modules
- Template/module training
Blog Listing Page
Blog Detail Page
Testimonial Page
*All projects are developed in the HubSpot CMShouse – day 91 – hole in the wall
It’s three months since we bought this house and we’re still not in. A tremendous amount of work has been done, a lot of money has been spent and I’ve driven about six thousand miles so far, between the house and the flat. I’m sure it will be worth it.
It might be late May, but it’s a very cold wet miserable day, today.
Things are moving quite quickly right now, so first thing on arrival is to catch up on what’s happened? I was hoping that the delivery yesterday from QS supplies would be the bath so I can measure the space I’ve left for it, but it was only the bath mixer – where’s the bath?
All the radiators are now in place. The skirting board and architrave in back bedroom are now in place – Marc can plaster the room now. The wall units in the kitchen are now going up. The deck for mounting the raised washing machine is in place (that suggestion alarmed a few people) and the work tops have finally arrived.
We’re getting Paul, the decorator back to prep some rooms, he came round to check out the rooms today and I took him through the house. He’s impressed with the transformation and likes the tiles for the bathrooms and the new (Phil’s old one ) fire surround.
After the usual arrival Q&A with the guys, I went out to get more timber to build the frame for the concealed cistern.
When I got back, I removed old, uneven and bulging mortar in the bathroom to get a solid base to attach the framework, only to find a large hole where the old basin waste went out of the wall. The outer wall had a normal waste pipe sized hole, but inside, roughly three bricks had been hammered out to create a hole rather a lot larger than it needed to be. So now I had some bricklaying to do before I could get on with making the frame. Two steps forward and one step back, again. I reclaimed a few bricks from the skip out front and mixed up the remainder of a bag of ready mixed mortar. It only took a an hour or so to get the bricks into shape, but it meant I couldn’t drill the wall to fix the frame. I got the rest of the frame built, but that was all I could do. Another job I hoped to finish in one go, but couldn’t.
We’re not ticking enough completion boxes at the moment and moving in still seems a long way away.
<< previous house post | next house post >>
return to house index pageHiring […]
5 Quick Tips on Pitching Angel Investors and Venture Capitalists […]Egentlig hadde jo frosten og døden gjort sitt inntog i vår hage?! Rosene hang med hodet og viste med alle tydelige tegn at sesongen var over og at vi kunne klippe ned rosene for i år,
men – så var det all den gleden de hadde gitt oss gjennom sesongen, og kanskje følelsen av å kunne redde noen gode ‘venner’. Vi kutte ned, men la dem i et vannbad og vips levde de videre i sin fulle prakt. Nå er vi allerede inne i uke 2! Det kan faktisk være et liv etter døden! 🙂
Actually, the ‘frost’ and ‘death’ had made their entrance into our garden ?! The roses hung with their heads and showed with all visibly signs that the season was over, and that we could cut down the roses for this year, but – wath about all the joy they had given us throughout the season, and maybe the feeling of being able to save some good ‘friends’?
We cut them down, but left them in a water bath and ‘eureka’ – they lived on in their full glory. Now we are already in week 2! It can actually be a form of prolonged life after death!
A ‘prolonged life’. I like those wording. All the more so that it’s a beautiful life we’re talking about. 🙂 Cheers!
Thank you, and welcome back! There are approximtely 8200 more pictures you have still not seen! 🙂
My sister did the same with all bud on her roses, and now they are all opening indoors and it is beautiful how long they last there. It is giving even more pleasure indoors. You have there a beautiful rose!
Thank you, Ute. It lasted for just about 2 weeks! But – things are still going in the wrong direction! This morning we woke to 4,4 degrees C below zero!!!
Wow! Lucky you and what a perfect shot of the gorgeous rose!
Thank you! Worth saving!
So beautiful, lucky you! Great colours!JASON
51 y/o man from Atlanta, Georgia, USA
Seeking a woman from 32 to 75 years oldEnglish(I prefer not to say), English(I prefer not to say), English(I prefer not to say)
Last logged in: 2019-11-13 04:11:51
Profile ID: 55096 Profile views: 555 Photos: 1
1.00 credit(s) to open a letter
Personal Details of JASON
Name JASON
Sex man
Children 1
Want children No matters
Date of birth 1970 July 06
Height 5'8" - 5'11" (171-180cm)
Body type Average
Ethnicity Asian
Religion Christian
Marital status Single
Education PhD/Post doctorate
Occupation Doctor
Income $30,000-$50,000/year
Smoker I prefer not to say
Drinker Often
JASON Looking For
I look for a woman
Looking for an age range 32-75
Looking for a height I prefer not to say
Looking for a body type I prefer not to say
Relationship Activity Partner, Friendship, Marriage, Relationship, Romance, Travel Partner
JASON on google map
Similar Singles
Warning! DON'T ever send money to someone you meet online!
If someone asks you for money, please report the user by using our Report Scam feature.Basic belt rules every man should follow
Basic belt rules every man should follow. Believe it or not, there are some rules to know when it comes to wearing a belt.
There is no point wearing a stunning suit and smart shoes only to finish the look off with a casual belt. Or pairing your sporty trousers and tee with a slim leather belt.
Read on for some important rules to remember when wearing belts.
Have At Least Two
Before you choose to buy a belt, you need to consider your clothing, accessories and the event. One belt will not work for everything so it’s best to invest in at least two.
A tan or brown belt works best for casual occasions. Keep your clothes simple if you want to go for a stunning colour combination, navy and blues add a touch of warm to your look.
To make you look elegant, emphasise the minimalistic without the fussy textures. Black needs to stay on top of your list, as it’s often used in suits or business clothing. Make sure your belt stays low-key but still attractive enough to grab attention.
Belt And Shoes Need To Match
In terms of colour, a black belt matches perfectly with black shoes. The same method applies for brown or navy. However, it’s important to pay attention to the materials. If your brings along the wet look, your belt should look shiny and glossy. The same goes for leather, fabric or woven canvas.
Buckle Should Match Other Accessories
When it comes to style and looking good, it’s all about the details. An important tip if you are going for an interview. It’s important to remember the connection between all of your accessories.
Your belt buckle needs to go with your tie bars, cuff links watch, and even the metal details in your dress shoes.
Avoid combining your belt with suspenders. As they usually serve the same purpose, it looks weird and unprofessional.
Keep it Simple For Formal Wear
When you want to look formal, it’s best to choose a simple belt with one classic buckle. For those of you who are more plus sized, go for a side-adjuster. The result is that they prevent people looking at your waist line.
Formal VS Casual
When it comes to wearing a belt, how do you know if you should wear it for formal or casual occasions. Normally, belts that measure around 1 ¼ inches and attaches to a single buckle are more formal. Wider belts that contain a unique design should be use in more casual settings.
If you are in dress shoes – Derby or Oxfords etc – go for a narrow leather belt. It delivers a more masculine and professional appearance. You can also combine this belt with chinos, dark jeans and dress pants.
For sporty sneakers, a casual belt is more appropriate. You can choose one that is made from high-end fabrics or canvas. It depends on your own personal style.How To Identify Black Mold In Your Home
Mold may come inside your house in various ways like through ventilation, windows, doors, carried on clothes, pets and other surfaces the mold spores encounter. To determine if the mold you find in your home is black mold, look out for a distinctively musty odor.
Whereas most other molds are green or gray in color, toxic black mold is a dark black.
How to identify black mold in your home. Additionally, note its location, since black mold is common in damp areas, such as basements and bathrooms. Mold spores entering your home is inevitable; To identify black mold, look for mold that’s black with a wet, slimy texture or a light, fuzzy texture.
It releases toxic spores into the air, which can be quite dangerous when inhaled. Remember that black mold doesn’t necessarily have to look black. Finding black mold in your home.
Basements or crawlspaces that may have leaks or other sources of moisture are often susceptible to toxic black mold growth. It takes on the color of dark green or black in color and has an extremely slimy texture. Unfortunately the earlier stages of mold are not very easy to identify.
It is easy to confuse different types of molds with each other since they often have similar characteristics. How to identify black mold. Mold exists in every household, no matter how spotless you keep it.
Mold can be a common issue in homes and although it isn't always dangerous, it can cause structural damage to the house and it can negatively impact your health when left untreated and undetected. At one point or another, you’re going to encounter some form of mold or mildew in your home. Mold quickly dies without water, so keep every space in your home at around 50% humidity.
The most difficult challenge for many homeowners is identifying first that mold is present in the home and second what type of mold they are dealing with as well as the best plan of attack for each type. Because of this, mold and mildew tend to develop in the home: Testing for mold in your home.
It grows in dark, unventilated areas on floors, walls and ceilings, and it can also grow inside drywall, on wood framing and in other places where you can't see it. Let us start with the basics. How to identify black mold the nefarious “black mold”, also known by its unpronounceable name stachybotrys, is a toxigenic type of mold that can also cause allergic reactions.
Check areas such as the bathroom, basement, or areas with leaky pipes. Black mold (stachybotrys chartarum), is a common indoor mold that grows in dark and damp areas of your home. Common early symptoms of black mold exposure can cause itchy skin, sneezing, watery, itchy eyes, headaches, coughing, and skin irritation.
A musty, earthy smell, like dirt and rotting leaves, is a telltale sign of mold's presence. As the black mold outgrows one space, it moves on to another, this migration of the colony can occur over a very short period of time. It’s a natural part of the air in any home.
If you hire a professional mold inspector to come to your home, they’ll take samples from three areas—the air, the surface, and surrounding dust. If you suspect black mold is growing in an area in your home and you’re experiencing these symptoms, you need to get it checked out and removed quickly. How to identify how a bad a mold problem is.
Black mold is like other molds in that it prefers damp and dark places, typically starting in the corner of a wall and expanding outwards from it. Mold typically has a unique texture that stands out against other materials. Identifying black mold in your home.
This can help you identify that there is mold present and help you seek it out for closer inspection. The best way to identify stachybotyrs in your home by having a mold test done during a mold inspection. As you get closer to the mold, you should also detect a strong mildew or musty smell.
The easiest way to identify black mold is when you can visibly see it growing on a porous surface. Basements and laundry rooms are two main culprits, as is anywhere that has a water leak. To tell if black mold may be growing in your home, just follow your nose.
The quicker you identify a potential problem area, the smaller the problem will be, and the easier it will be to resolve. How to identify black mold “eww!” that is probably the first and only utterance when you hear the words “black mold.” it is very understandable since the name itself tends to make anyone cringe. This type of mold requires a lot of moisture to survive.
Mold needs a high amount of moisture to grow, so anywhere that fits that bill is a good place to look. Some even say that it looks fuzzy. Detecting and identifying mold in your home can be more complicated than you may have thought, but it is possible to detect mold using your senses.
Look for water damaged areas in your home where mold is present. Effectively causing a small black mold colony to grow across your home at an exponential rate. Visibly noticing mold is one thing, but knowing its additional features is another.
In fact, mold can be present on surfaces and in the air without being noticeable, because the mold spores are microscopic and thus cannot be seen with the naked eye. Smell is great indicator of black mold too. Although you don’t have to identify the exact species of mold to know there’s a problem, it’s a good idea to know how to spot mold growing in your home.
The most common places to find black mold are damp; Whatever the case, it’s important to identify the nature of the outbreak, and to confirm whether or not there is potential toxicity. Besides moisture, lack of sunlight, poor ventilation, and dirt and debris can cause mold and mildew to grow.
Black mold is readily identifiable by its color. Since it can be expensive to remove mold once it’s colonized a large area, here are a few tips for identifying and avoiding black mold in your home. The best way to identify black mold (stachybotrys chartarum) is by its color.
The best thing to do if you know or suspect that there's mold in your living area is to address the problem as soon as you can and as thoroughly as you can. If you often feel sick while you are at home instead of outdoors, there is a chance that you have some serious amount of mold at home. Mold becomes a problem if it is.
Visible growths and odd colors A good dehumidifier, regularly emptied, will often adequately dry damp. It is most commonly found in areas dealing with severe water damage , leaks, flooding, and excessive humidity where constant moisture if present.
If it smells bad and looks black then there’s a good chance you’re dealing with black mold. Identifying the signs of mold growth comes from our senses, not just our sense of sight. But you can stop the factors that help mold and mildew to grow.
The black mold is commonly referred to as toxic mold, and the name is pretty accurate. Depending on the type of mold you are dealing with in your home, the impact or significance the mold can have on your home and health can vary. Keep your home consistently dry.
Mold spores are typically anywhere you go, inside and out, however you can take precautions to keep it from establishing groups in your house. This is difficult to stop.
How To Get Mold Out Of Clothes and Fabrics Remove mold
Mold Vs Mildew What Are The Differences? Plus Black Mold
How to spot black mold in your home and how to get rid
Black mold symptoms and prevention in 2020 Black mold
How to Get Rid of Mold on Walls for Good Cleaning mold
The Basics of Black Mold Removal How to remove, What
Black Mold Symptoms and Health Effects Black mold
Mold Removal How To Get Rid of Black Mold Remove mold
It's rainy season, and if you're worried about mold, we
4 Signs Your Home Has Toxic Black Mold & How to Get Rid of
How Toxic Mold Almost Killed Me Toxic black mold, Toxic
Here’s How To Identify And Remove Black Mold From Your
How to Prevent Black Mold in Your Home Easy diy projects
How To Get Rid Of Black Mold In Your House Without
How To Identify Black Mold Top 3 Indications You May
Black Mold vs Mold Mold smell, Molding, Mold remediation
4 Signs Your Home Has Toxic Black Mold and How To Get Rid
When You Find Black Mold in Your Brand New House Mold
Do You Know How to Identify Black Mold in Your HomeVlad
The Story of the Man She Loved - by Siro -in progress
____________________________________________________________________________________________________
"Люби меня, и я для тебя горы сдвину! Обидь меня, и я свалю эти горы тебе на голову." - Неизвестен
Sometimes you have to be a little insane to see just how mad normal people are..High School First Job Resume
However, there are still some steps that you should take note of when designing your resume, as there are still some particular things you need to do. How to write a high school resume that gets interviews. Resume Examples For High School Students , examples To get started, review information on the different parts of a resume and what is included in each element. High […]Event Information
About this event
Dear brothers and sisters in Christ, our Sunday services at Church Lane Community Centre continue on the 12th of September 2021. Remember, the services will be running alongside a live Zoom streaming for those who will be unable to attend in person. However, since the pandemic is not over yet, we are imploring everyone to be responsible by adhering the following guidelines;
- Please ensure that you indicate your attendance by booking through this platform.
- Make sure you have your lateral flow test at home before coming for the service and bring the negative results to the venue. If the result is positive please stay at home and watch the live streaming through Zoom.
- Please bring a mask with you and put it on all the time unless you are doing something that won't be possible without it.
- When at the venue please follow instructions as given by our health and safety and ushering teams.
- If you think you or any one in your bubble have C19 symptoms, please stay home and watch the service through the Zoom live streaming.
- All attendees above 12 years of age should be booked and all below 12s need no booking, they just come along with their families.
- If you are booking for more than one person, please ensure that you book a ticket one after another so that we have a record of the names of those who are attending.
- Hope to see you on Sunday and may the Lord God Almighty bless you all!!!!!As we race towards winter, our wardrobes are becoming filled with knitwear in all styles, colours, and materials. To maintain the quality of our knitwear, it is essential to understand how to properly care for it.
- General knitwear care
- Cashmere
- Merino wool
- Lambswool
General knitwear care
Before delving into how to care for specific types of knitwear, here are 5 general knitwear care tips.
- Be aware of how you store your knitwear. Before hanging all of your knitwear in your wardrobe, be mindful of its material and evaluate whether hanging is the best option. For example, you should never hang wool or cashmere as this will result in the fabric stretching, and your garment becoming misshapen.
- Shave away the bobbles. Bobbling occurs when two pieces of fabric rub together for an extended period of time, and can also occur when washing. To maintain the quality of your knitwear, regularly shave away any bobbles using an electronic bobble remover or an electric razor.
- Brush regularly. You should be brushing your knitwear regularly with a soft clothes brush. This will remove any lint and hairs lingering on your clothing.
- Rotate. Make sure that you are rotating your knitwear regularly. If you wear certain items excessively without giving them time to re-shape themselves, your garments will end up losing their shape forever.
- Invest in cedar balls. Moths love to nibble away at knitwear. To keep the moths at bay, store your clothing with cedar balls.
Cashmere
Cashmere is an extremely soft, luxurious, and delicate fabric, which is made from the hair of Kashmir goats. Only a limited amount of cashmere is harvested each year, which is why it is considered a luxury fabric that must be taken care of when washing.
Machine washing
Despite some washing machines having a special knitwear/wool cycle, NEVER wash cashmere in the washing machine. The material is much too delicate and your clothing will end up misshapen and damaged.
Hand washing
To hand-wash your cashmere, mix a basin of warm water with a gentle detergent. To be extra precautious, you can buy cashmere specific laundry detergent. Submerge your garment in the water and soak for 10-15 minutes. After this time, carefully rinse the detergent from your item using warm water. Once you are satisfied that all of the detergent has been washed out, remove your clothing from the water and press out or squeeze as much excess water out as you can. Do not wring out your item as this will cause unnecessary damage.
Drying cashmere
To dry your cashmere, do not put it in the tumble dryer as this will cause it to become misshaped and can result in irreparable damage. Instead, lay out a clean, dry, towel and place your knitwear, flat, on top of it. Keep it away from direct sunlight, and leave it to completely air dry.
Merino wool
Merino wool is a type of sheep’s wool. It is known for being extremely soft and naturally resident to odours.
Machine washing
Sheep’s wool, in general, is strong and has a great deal of elasticity. This makes it acceptable to put in the washing machine without damage being caused. Of course, before putting your item in the washing machine, always check the care label for specific washing instructions.
To machine wash your merino wool, always use a gentle, or wool and knit, cycle at 30 degrees. Any other temperature or cycle could shrink your clothing. For detergent, it’s best to use a milder option with a neutral PH.
Hand washing
To hand wash merino wool, begin by filling a basin with warm water and a mild detergent. Submerge your knitwear in the mixture, and leave it to soak for around 5 minutes. After 5 minutes, carefully rinse your garment in warm water. Once you’ve rinsed your item, squeeze as much of the water from it as you can without wringing or twisting the clothing.
Drying merino wool
To dry your merino wool wrap it in a clean, dry, towel, and gently squeeze your garment to remove as much water as possible. Unwrap your clothing from the towel, and lay it flat on a fresh dry towel. Leave it to air dry in a cool location.
Lambs wool
Lambs wool is taken from a sheep at their first shearing and is naturally soft, smooth, and elastic. It is the highest quality sheep’s wool you can find.
Machine washing
Even on a gentle cycle, lambs wool is far too delicate to machine wash.
Hand washing
To hand wash lambs wool, mix a mild detergent, with a PH level below 7, with cool water. If you need hot water to dissolve your detergent, you must leave the water to cool before you submerge your knitwear. After submerging your item in the water, swirl gently, remembering not to twist or wring the garment as this will result in it losing its shape.
Drying lambs wool
Never put lambs wool in the tumble dryer. This will result in your knitwear becoming misshapen and, potentially irreplaceably, damaged. Instead, once you are satisfied with the cleanliness of your garment, remove it from the water and place it on a dry, clean, towel. Make sure to stretch your item out to its original shape, before leaving it to air dry.
If you want to ensure that your knitwear is adequately cared for when being washed, then leave it with us. We will pick up, dry clean, and re-deliver your knitwear to you, completely contactless.
To book your Laundryheap service, head to the Laundryheap website or download the free Laundryheap app.
October 27, 2021 at 11:48 am
I consider this to be information of quality and it appears to be written so as to make the reader. This was very interesting and helped me a lot.
October 27, 2021 at 11:44 am
I can only aspire to write material like this. I am extremely impressed with your presentation of the sound points in this article. I can tell you have a passion for writing.Property Attributes
- MLS#T3337901
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyHILLSBOROUGH
- CityLithia
- AreaLithia
- NeighborhoodCREEK RIDGE PRESERVE PHASE 1
- Zip33547
- StyleSingle Family Residence
- Year Built2021
- Taxes$ 12862
- Price$ 890,826
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage3481
- Lot Size0.5 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
HOMES BY WEST BAY REALTY
Data Source:
Stellar MLS
Property Description
Under Construction. New Home by WestBay ready February/March. Situated on a half acre lot!.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolEuropean history and ‘eurocentrism’ – a conversation between Dina Gusejnova (LSE) and Charles West (Sheffield)
Over the past few weeks, Dina Gusejnova and Charles West have been discussing over email what ‘Eurocentrism’ means for historians studying and teaching European history. What follows is an edited version of their conversation. CW:There’s27 Oct Getting newsy with it
Posted at 07:20h in Uncategorized 6 CommentsWhen you are incorporating news stories into your blog content, your approach truly matters. You are never going to successfully compete with the large media sites, so re-stating industry-relevant stories will never captivate your readers. You can use the news information in a number of different ways and your approach really depends not only on your industry, but also how you’ve positioned your blog. You have to ensure that your blog posts contain news in a way that makes sense to your readers, not just for search or backlink reasons. Here are a few ways to incorporate news into your blog posts:1) “American Music Awards,” 8-11 p.m. Sunday, ABC. Ten months ago, Jennifer Lopez teamed with Shakira for a sizzling Super Bowl performance (shown here). Now J-Lo, who has Pureto Rican roots, links with another Colombian, Maluma. The night has another Latin-music link, with Bad Bunny with Jhay Cortez. Also perrforming are BTS, Lil Nas X, Dua Lipa, Lil Baby, Megan Thee Stallion and more. Tiffany Haddish hosts, wrapping up a week stuffed with the season-openers of ABC’s 10 p.m. dramas.
2) “Bob (Hearts) Abishola” season-opener, 8:30 p.m. Monday, CBS. Last season’s best new comedy unfolded in a slow, droll way. Bob tried to romance Abishola, the Nigerian native who had nursed him back from a heart attack. Now he wants to move faster, but her world is crowded and complicated; that includes aunt, uncle, son, jobs and (back home) traditions and a marriage that was never formally ended. The result, as usual, offers lots of solid laughs, alongside some warm and likable characters.
3) “Supernatural” series finale, 9 p.m Thursday., CW, with preview at 8. For 15 seasons, this has had two brothers battle demons and intermittently save the world. Eric Kripke started it, he says in the preview, with “the love of urban legends I’ve had my whole life.” Then he kept adding more. The result, Misha Collins (who plays Castiel) says, has “the most epic mythology humanity can contrive.” We see that in the preview, from angels to Lucifer, from a teen musical to a Scooby-Doo cartoon.
4) “Big Sky” debut, 10 p.m. Tuesday, ABC. For decades, David E. Kelley has written the best shows on broadcast (“L.A. Law,” “Boston Public”), cable (“Big Little Lies”) and beyond (“Goliath”). Now he’s back on broadcast. Cody (Ryan Phillippe) is surrounded by two women, his detective partner and his ex-wife. Soon, we meet two sisters on an empty Montana highway … and a lonely truck driver, living with his badgering mother … and a highway patrolman in a wobbly marriage. Crises are looming.
5) “NCIS” season-opener (and more), 8-11 p.m. Tuesday., CBS. The ratings-leader starts its 18th season by pairing two subtly skilled actors – Mark Harmon as Gibbs and Joe Spano as his ex-mentor Fornell. Now they pursue the dealer who gave drugs to Fornell’s daughter. That’s followed by two more season-openers: “FBI” adds a new officer (Katherine Renee Turner) and chases a mass shooting; “FBI: Most Wanted” adds Terry O’Quinn (“Lost”) as Jess’ father and chases gunmen who seek COVID revenge.
6) “For Life” season-opener, 10 p.m. Wednesday, ABC. Aaron is the consummate jailhouse lawyer. He even got a law degree in prison and uses it to help fellow inmates. But there’s a bigger goal: This is based loosely on the true story of Isaac Wright, who won his own freedom and became a defense lawyer. As the second season begins, Aaron tries a complex plan to get his conviction overturned. Success would mean trying to rebuild his shaky relationship with his wife, his daughter and the world.
7) “A Million Little Things,” 10 p.m. Thursday, ABC. Eddie’s life has been hectic. There was the suicide of his friend – whose wife Delilah had an affair with Eddie. The marriage of Eddie and Katherine was patched up; then he was struck by a hit-and-run driver. As the season starts, Katherine leans on their friends, who have their own troubles: Rome and Regina lost a shot at adoption … Gary lost his romance with Maggie … and Delilah, seeing her kids thrive, wishes she could do the same.
8) “The Neighborhood” and “All Rise” season-openers, 8 and 9 p.m. Monday, CBS. Both shows tackle the complex issue of police abuse of Blacks; one is better suited for the task. “Neighborhood,” usually a lightweight show, has Calvin’s elder son witness police brutality. The last few minutes are quite good, but the rest is merely clumsy and well-meaning. “All Rise” has Lola, a judge, try to intervene in a policeman’s treatment of a protester. She ends up in handcuffs, in the first half of a two-week story.
9) “Great Performances: Holiday Inn,” 9 p.m. Friday, PBS. With Broadway and theater groups dormant, we appreciate musical memories. This was a 2017 special, based on a 1942 movie about an inn that’s open for holidays. Irving Berlin included songs he’d written previously (“White Christmas,” “Easter Parade”) and added more. This production also inserted Berlin’s “Blue Skies,” “Cheek to Cheek” and more. “Inn” has a bland, forgettable story, brightened by sharp colors and great music.
10) “The Family Guy,” 9:30 p.m. Sunday, Fox, This has lots of voice actors, so why not use the ultimate voice? That’s Sam Elliott, whose deep, hardy tone suggests cowboys, generals and machismo overload. In this episode, the town needs a good mayor – someone like the previous mayor, the late Adam West. Peter’s solution is Adam’s cousin, named … well, Wild West. There’s a tough campaign that Peter tries to sabotage, with near-lethal results. It’s fairly funny, making Wild a recurring character.As in previous years, the desktop & handheld hardware category this time around included a diverse group of product contenders, ranging from low-profile desktop systems and LCD displays to wireless communicators and Tablet PC systems. Mobility was the common thread among the products that made it to the final rounds of judging.
WINNER
TravelMate C100 Tablet PC
The Acer America Corp. TravelMate C100 does a good job of providing mobile users with access to new pen- and slate-based features while still serving as an effective notebook computer. The C100s screen flips around and folds down flat over the keyboard to become a pen tablet. This makes the unit thicker in tablet form than some of the other Tablet PC entries but leaves users with the most options for their money—a key differentiator because notebooks in general, and Tablet PC systems in particular, cost considerably more than their desktop-bound brethren.
FINALISTS
LifeBook P2120
Described by one of the Excellence Awards judges as an “amazing little device,” Fujitsu PC Corp.s LifeBook P2120 impresses with its small size (3.4 pounds), long battery life (from more than 4 hours to nearly 12 with the extended battery) and reasonable price (starting at about $1,500). These are qualities that mobile computer users value in their machines but that sometimes seem overlooked as desktop replacement “mobiles” grow larger and more muscled—with price tags to match. Built-in 802.11b wireless is an option with the LifeBook P2120, which also includes a neat scroll button on its pointing device.
BlackBerry 6710
Two years ago, Research In Motion Ltd. won an eWeek Excellence Award for its BlackBerry 957 wireless messaging device—a product that, as one of our judges put it, “single-handedly made wireless e-mail possible for the corporate masses.” The BlackBerry 6710, a unit thats two versions removed from that 957 model, hangs onto what worked but has undergone a complete upgrade under the covers. Powered by an ARM processor and featuring a Java 2 Micro Edition-based software platform, the BlackBerry 6710 is a more viable target for mobile application development than its predecessor. Add to this a move to GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) for network connectivity and phone functionality, and the 6710 is a device that promises to foster RIMs leadership role in the wireless messaging space.
Excellence Awards Winners and Finalists:Thanksgiving is quickly approaching and it’s time to plan our menus and of course, our wine list for the holiday.
Finding a particular wine from our local Livermore Valley wineries can be a breeze with our easy search option. Go to the wineries tab at the top of the page. Once you’re there, scroll down and you’ll find a drop-down menu called “varietal.” Click which wine you’re interested in and hit search. The page will load with all the local wineries that carry that selection.Basic Guidelines For English Spellings
READ THESE ARTICLES
Outside the realm of a person's experience; specifically out in the world; in existence.
Reality or the world as external to and independent of any person perceiving it; objective reality.
1Philosophy
Designating or relating to the perceived rather than the perceiver; specifically having an objective existence, external to, and independent of any perceiver.
2 informal Weird, offbeat, ‘way out’; not mainstream, avant-garde.
Late 18th century; earliest use found in Charles Dibdin (bap. 1745, d. 1814), actor, composer, and writer. From out + there.- Paper /
- Printmaking Paper /
- Dutch Etching
Dutch Etching Paper
Printmaking Paper
Dutch Etching Paper
These papers have been especially tailored to Australian specifications by the Schut paper mill in Holland. Sited over an old spring, this 300-year-old mill is Holland's oldest, and the main mill manufacturing quality rag papers for artists. This paper has been made especially for editioners and etchers. It is off-white in shade and 100% rag neutral pH. The heavier weight gives it a measure of buckle resistance upon framing, especially important in etchings. A great value rag paper that even students can afford.Newcastle office of "ethical" data company receives £1.5m from North East Venture Fund
An “ethical” data firm providing an alternative to the ad tracking techniques used by tech giants such as Facebook has raised a £1.5m.
The company, based in London, has recently opened an office in Newcastle to enable it to tap into the city’s digital talent and build a team of data scientists.
It has appointed four staff members and expects to create around six new jobs in the city in the coming year. The funding will also enable it to further develop its AI capabilities, and grow its presence in the US market..”
Looking to promote your product/service to SME businesses in your region? Find out how Bdaily can help →
Enjoy the read? Get Bdaily delivered.
Sign up to receive our popular North East morning email for free.SOMALILAND PRESS RELEASE
INSTANT EXPOSURE
COMPANY BRANDING
CREDIBILITY
web design + hosting + domain $194
Press Release Solutions for Corporates, Individuals, Business sites, and Agencies.
If you’re thinking about public relations strategy for your business, you’ll certainly be considering press releases.
A press release is a piece of news companies send out to inform the public about something noteworthy.
Most companies send these out to announce a new product, quarterly earnings report, or any other material news.
Gain exposure.
If your press release gets picked up by a news publication, your company will gain increased company Brand, sales, exposure, and enhances your credibility with customers, your industry, and the marketplace as a whole.
As you build your credibility, you also build recognition, loyalty, and competitiveness.
With that in mind Somaliland Web Design helps to create an exciting press releases about your Business and distribute it to major international Distributors, sending your press release to Bing & Google News to CBS, FOX, ABC, CW, NBC affiliated broadcasting websites and other premium news outlets..
Advantages of Press Releases
- Instant Exposure
- Branding of your Company
- Credibility
- Important SEO Benefits
- Business Visibility
- Increased Traffic to Your Website
- Increased Sales Potential
PR Silver15 Distributors
- Free Distributors
- At least 15 PR Published
- We Help to Write the PR
- We Send you the Full report
- Fast Delivery
PR GoldPremium Distributors
- Premium Distributors
- At least 200 PR Published
- We Write the PR & Optimize it for SEO
- We add an image or photo
- We Send you the Full report
Some By Mi, AHA, BHA, PHA 30 Days Miracle Acne Clear Foam, 100 ml
By Some By Mi
Click to zoom
Our price:
$10.95
$0.11/ml
Quantity:
Create a New List:
!List Name Required
Combo offer: Save $3.00
Only $13.95
Some By Mi, AHA, BHA, PHA 30 Days Miracle Acne Clear Foam, 100 ml
By Some By Mi;
In Stock
- Expiration Date:March 24 2024
- Date First Available: November 1009
- UPC Code: 8809647390091
- Package Quantity: 100 ml
- Dimensions:6.7 x 2 x 2 in, 0.275 lbsSwitch to Metric units
Product rank:
#6 in K-Beauty Cleanse, Tone & Scrub >
#18 in Face Wash & Cleansers >
#30 in Cleanse, Tone & Scrub >
Similar item, dipotassium glycyrrhizate, artemisia vulgaris extract, madecassoside, asiaticoside, asiatic acid, madecassic.Workshop Series 5.5 x 8.5 Sign Frame for Slatwall, Side-Loading - Clear
Media Size: 5.5" x 8.5"8.5" x 11"
IN STOCK
- These photo frames are made from clear plexiglass for easy viewing
- The sign holder's slat-hook fits most standard slatwall grooves
- Designed for a half-sheet of standard paper!
Description
Slat Wall Sign Holders for Hanging on Standard Slatwall, 5.5"w x 8.5"h Size
These slat wall sign holders are a necessity in any retail environment. In today's retail environment, customers want to know the facts about the products they are buying. These slat wall sign holders do it all! These slat wall accessories, slat wall sign holders can be used to communicate information or to advertise new products. These 5-1/2"wide x 8-1/2"high slat wall sign holders are suitable for most standard slat wall panels without having to use any adhesives, glues, or hardware. Our slat wall sign holders were designed with convenience in mind by allowing you to make a custom sign. Just print a landscape sheet, cut it in half and display your work of art!
These slotwall accessories, slat wall sign holders are commonly found in retail stores, pharmacies and convenience stores.
These slat wall sign holders, also known as slat wall frames, are economical and efficient marketing tools. These slat wall sign holders provide a medium to display additional information such as product contents and benefits. The holders are made out of clear acrylic for a complete view of your graphic or.- AyresHealth
Covid-19. New ways of working.
This has been a crazy and unsettling time for all of us. Our hearts go out to those who have been affected by the virus, whether that be through becoming ill, losing loved ones, feeling lonely through isolation or suffering financially.
The virus has affected us both personally and financially, but we are determined to stay positive. We used the time at home to update policies, complete online training, develop ideas for new services and treatments, and work on getting the clinic Covid-19 secure and ready to re-open.
For most of lockdown the weather was lovely, so we have enjoyed the benefits of being outside around nature, which is great for bringing down stress levels!
We enjoyed exploring local footpaths and now have several new dog walks. Chip, our little Cairn x poodle has loved having us home.
We’ve also been in the garden a lot, and now have fruit trees, a variety of berries and salad pots on the go!
Changes to clinic procedures
Since Monday 1st June, following guidelines from our professional body, we have been open to all podiatry patients. We have the following adaptations in place to keep you safe.
· Only 1 practitioner and 1 patient in the clinic at once
· Extended, appointments for a personalised service
· Podiatrists wearing PPE according to guidance
· Protective screens in treatment rooms
· Thorough cleaning of all touch points between each appointment
How you can help us
· Please wash your hands or use a hand gel before entering the clinic
· Please wear a face covering to the appointment
· Arrive at the time of your appointment and don’t bring anyone unless they’re a parent/carer
· Please pay by card where possible
We hope you will feel reassured and confident that we are doing our best to protect you. We are keeping a close eye on things and will do our best to keep you up to date, should local restrictions alter.
Price changes
Due to changes to how we are working including extended appointment times and increased prices of PPE and cleaning products, some of our services have increased in price. We will inform you of any change before we carry out the treatment. Currently routine podiatry appointments have increased by £2.50.
Thanks for supporting us and stay safe!So how Taking A Prebiotic Digestive Health Supplement Can really help Relieve Your Diverticulosis Problem
Posted by opheliaeveringha in Uncategorized | 0 comments
Let’s face it, as you grow older more irritating medical issues sneak in on you at all times. A couple of years ago I was clinically determined to have Diverticulitis. I was aware of the term, but was somewhat apprehensive since I didn’t truly know what it was. Of course the surgeon told me to take in more fiber and roughage, however just lately I chose to add a digestive health supplement to the everyday routine of mine, that is helping relieve my problem quite a lot.
I picture you might currently eat foods containing live cultures as yogurt, soy yogurt or perhaps some other dietary biofit probiotic [pop over to these guys] health supplement. Hopefully you are getting some positive aspects from them, but in case you’re uncertain whether the probiotics have been helping boost your digestive health on the level where you want it to be, you should severely think about trying a prebiotic like I have done.
In the following article we are going to look at 3 issues that are important that I’ve researched that could be of interest for you as well.
diverticulosis as well as Diverticulitis
In easy terms Diverticulosis (diverticular disease) triggers pockets being formed on the external colon wall which develop because of muscle weakness in the colon wall layers. Even though this condition can occur in younger people it’s more common in middle age and especially in older people.
Diverticulitis on the flip side is much more serious because it’s an illness in the bowel created by stools not being conveniently passed then using these bowel wall pockets. Since they lack water and can often sit in this pocket for some days they may become solid and large quite making them incredibly difficult and often really unpleasant to pass causing excessive straining, prospective bleeding and perhaps more dangerous infection.
One of the most frustrating difficulties for me has been wanting an uncomplicated natural diet plan with only the best mix of fiber, roughage and solution to keep myself constant without needing to shell out an inordinate amount of time sitting on the bathroom constipated as well as wanting to go, causing me to end up being much more annoyed by the minute.
Roughage and fiberVIDEO: Unexplained fire in Goodmayes lock-up garage
Firefighters inspecting the damage - Credit: Archant
A lock-up garage was consumed by an unexplained fire in Goodmayes this afternoon.
Crews were called to the garage in an alleyway off Haslemere Road at just before 1.30pm.
About 25 per cent of the row of five garages was damaged by the blaze.
Two crews from Ilford Fire Station and a command unit from Barking attended the scene.
Dagenham Fire Station manager Paul McClenaghan said: “Our firefighters used a main jet and breathing apparatus.
“We’re taking everything out [of the garage] and damping down, making sure no one is in there.” He said there was no structural risk to the garage.
No cars were inside any the three garages damaged by the fire, and a fire investigation unit will look into the cause of the
Firefighters were on scene for about an hour and no one had claimed ownership of the garage to crews in that time.
Did you see the fire? Email newsdesk@ilfordrecorder.co.uk or call 020 8477 3806.MFG Manufacturer Directory
Find the right manufacturer for your custom parts.
2,166……
HUZHOU LONGTO ALLOY TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.
Huzhou, 浙江 (Zhejiang)
100-200
BE Industrial Co., Ltd
Ningbo, 浙江 (Zhejiang)
20-50
Find Manufacturers With the Capabilities You Need
MFG is Where Manufacturing Gets Done
100,000+ Manufacturers
Reviewed and Verified
26 Distinct Marketplaces
Aligned To Your Needs
~1,000,000 RFQs
Manufacturing RFQ MarketplaceJust wanted to let you know what great food, service and view Kingfish provided. My family was visiting from Minnesota and I took them to Kingfish for supper on Wednesday. They were so impressed they came back on Saturday evening (without me). They left this morning but I plan on coming back even though I live in World Golf. Great Job!
Carol A BulikDear Father God,
I am so sorry to cause you pain
I didn't mean to let you down again
I hoped to be more than this and to glorify your name
No matter how hard I try and do
No matter how I let go and rest in You
No matter how I strive, I can't seem to push through
You are God, amazing, awesome
You are truly the strong and mighty one
You rescued me, saved me through your precious Son
Please forgive me this day
Please show me how to live Your way
Please lead me and help me not to go astray
God said, "My precious child
You please me more than you know
I will never, ever let you go
In the good times and the bad
I will always be your loving dad
Never will I give up on you
I know you are going to pull through
Stay strong my little doe
Hold on tight, don't let Me go
I promise we will stay together
each day, now and forever
I love you with all my heart
I always did, right from the start
Now get up, dust off and try again
Today was hard but not in vain
My mercy is new every morning
I am faithful in everything
Arise now and shine
Leave the past behind
I love you, I feel your pain
Carry on and try again
I will show you the way
Trust me night and day
My word is a lamp to your feet
Daily of it you must eat
I love you my precious one
You are forgiven, it is done."NAI Realvest Negotiates Sale of Industrial Condo at Springview CommerCenter in DeBary
DEBARY, Fla. – NAI Realvest recently negotiated the sale of a 3,920 square foot industrial condo at 210 Springview Commerce Drive, Unit 110 at Springview CommerCenter in Springview Industrial Park in DeBary.
Michael Heidrich, a principal of the firm, brokered the transaction representing the seller Shockley Group, Inc.
The buyer DBK Investment, LLC, a commercial contractor, paid $240,000.00 for the property to expand its recently established headquarters at the entrance of the Springview Industrial Park off Shell Road.Nowadays, you could handiest wager on some sports activities/video games, that too specially states. Currently, horse racing, on-line poker, on-line rummy, and some casinos are criminal in India. To apprehend the convoluted stance of every nation at the legality of those sports activities will take time and persistence for the reader. Let’s attempt to deal with all of those troubles today.
Although a terrific percent is wager legally on horse racing and lottery.
A big quantity is wagered on cricket and different sports activities through unlawful and technically unlawful channels. In this article, we’ll address the complicated Indian playing legal guidelines, inclusive of what varieties of playing are prohibited, that are explicitly allowed, and what gray regions none the less exist.
Seputargol.com is one of the main web sites on sports activities making a bet and online casino playing. Our informed crew affords updated information and sports activities making bet insurance for important events, and professional suggestions on relied on making a bet websites within side the USA with our sports book opinions.
There’s a large form of online casino video games to play out there; we reduce via the noise and inform you in which to locate the pleasant online casino video games, provide how-to courses, and find out the pleasant welcome bonuses.
Experts in online betting
Whether you need to play at an online casino, unogoal to check your ability at a poker room, or vicinity a few bets on carrying events, we’ve were given the know-how that will help you get the maximum out of your money.
Whether your gambling baccarat, or simply hitting the slots, we’ve produced some of available courses, every of which offers with the whole thing from newbie processes via to extra superior plays. So, if you’re critical approximately turning into the pleasant on-line gambler possible, they need to be vital studying for you.
Conclusion
All of the courses we provide are written in simple English, so that you won’t get caught with pointless jargon or puzzling concepts. What’s extra, they may be all free genuinely click on one and get studying immediately away.
Don’t neglect about to test again frequently as well, as on-line playing professionals are usually questioning up new and beneficial courses that will help you emerge as the pleasant on-line gambler possible, no matter whether or not you’re a poker player, slots enthusiast or sports activities making a bet enthusiast.‘Healthy’ snacks for babies and toddlers can contain as much sugar as TWO chocolate digestive biscuits, campaigners warn
- Campaign group Action for Sugar looked at 73 sweet snacks targeted at children
- A third of products had ‘red’ sugar levels, meaning more than 22.5g per 100g
- It urged Government to enforce guidelines for sugar content in children’s snacks
Snacks advertised as a healthy option for babies and toddlers can contain as much sugar as two chocolate biscuits.
The worst offender has two teaspoons of sugar (8.7g). For comparison, a McVitie’s Chocolate Digestive biscuit has around 4.8g of sugar.
Campaign group Action for Sugar called for companies to be banned from claiming their sugary products have health benefits and urged the Government to cap how much sugar can be added to food.
It analysed 73 sweet snacks targeted at children, including products from Heinz, Nestle and Aldi.
A third of the products would have a red label for sugar if baby and toddler foods were required to have traffic light labelling on the front of their packets — meaning they contained more than 22.5g sugar per 100g.
All of the most sugary snacks featured claims that emphasised health benefits such as ‘packed with vitamins’ or ‘made with real fruit’.
Action on Sugar, a charity campaigning for less added sugar in food, claimed the labels ‘could be distracting and possibly misleading’.
It said the findings are of ‘deep concern’ because babies and young children should not be eating any free sugars at all — sugars that are added to food and drink, rather than those present naturally.
Companies should be banned from making ‘misleading on-pack marketing claims’, including statements that the product contains no added or refined sugar, benadryl manufacturing plant but includes fruit concentrate — which contains added sugar, the group said.
It also urged the Government to enforce mandatory guideline for how much sugar can be in children’s snacks.
The graphic shows the six sweet snacks Action for Sugar found to have the highest amount of sugar per serving. Heinz Farley’s Mini Rusks Original was the worst offender. It contained 8.7g of sugar per serve. For comparison, a McVitie’s Chocolate Digestive biscuit has around 4.8g of sugar. Organix Soft Oaty Bars made up the next eight most-sugary snacks, with their banana (8.1g) , choco orange (8g) and apple and orange (7.9g) being the least healthy
Children between one-and-a-half and three-years-olds are eating more than 27.9g of sugar each day — the equivalent of seven teaspoons, according to the National Diet and Nutrition Survey.
Heinz Farley’s Mini Rusks Original — aimed at children over seven months — was the worst offender in the analysis. It contained 8.7g of sugar per serve.
Other products in the top 10 included Organix Soft Oaty Bars and Aldi’s Organic Mamia Soft Carrot Cake Oaty Bars.
Meanwhile, just six options had healthy sugar levels — defined as fewer than 5g per every 100g.
This included two Ella’s Kitchen no-added sugar options as well as options by Little Freddie, Bickiepegs and Kiddylicious.
Nestle Cerelac Wheat, Raspberry & Banana Cereal Snack had the least amount per 100g (2.8g) and second-lowest amount per serve (0.2g).
Overall, Tesco Pear & Berries Rice Cakes had the lowest amount of sugar per serve (0.1g).
A quarter of the products claimed their snack was suitable for babies under 12 months, even though food and drink with added sugar should be avoided in this group.
Action for Sugar warned there is currently a gap in legislation that means these products don’t have to follow the traffic light system, indicating whether it contains ‘high’, ‘medium’ and ‘low’ calories, fat, saturates, sugars and salt.
Pictured: Data showing the percentage of children in reception and Year 6 classes who are overweight or obese in England. One in three children leaves primary school overweight, and obesity-related illnesses cost the NHS around £6billion a year
Dr Kawther Hashem, of the charity, said: ‘It’s ludicrous that certain food companies are being allowed to promote their high sugar sweet snacks to parents with very young children, despite them being aware that babies and toddlers shouldn’t be having any free sugars.
‘Babies can have a preference for sweet foods, due to milk being ever so slightly sweet, but liking sugary foods is something they only learn by eating sugary foods.
‘Some companies choose to encourage this preference further by providing lots of very sweet products from an early age.
‘What we need is companies to make products with minimal amount of sugars, so young children can grow up enjoying less sweet foods.’
Professor Graham MacGregor, an expert in cardiovascular medicine at Queen Mary University and chair of Action on Sugar, said eating too much sugar means consuming too many calories.
He said: ‘If we don’t use those calories as fuel, our body will store them as fat.
‘This can lead to weight gain, and if this happens to our children, it’s likely they will carry the weight into their adolescent and adult years, potentially leading to overweight or obesity, as well as suffering from agonising tooth decay.
‘It is therefore imperative that food companies act more responsibly and commit to reformulate sugar, salt and calorie reduction instead of foisting unhealthy products with misleading nutrition claims upon well-meaning parents.’: $90.00
Conversation Starters
Conversation starters are job aids to help sales people engage in conversation with senior retail management and identify potential opportunities that they might be able to develop into a sales campaign. ...
Price: $2,600.00
Store Visit Assesment Tool
The Store Visit Assessment Tool identifies areas where store trading performance could potentially be improved by making appropriate IT investments which impact store trading.
Price: $45.00
Retail Account Planning Tool
This tool guides a sales team through a solution selling approach to account research and analysis, to identify potential business opportunities in an account.
Price: $160.00
Price: $15,000.00
Omni-Channel Customer Segmentation Tool
The omni-channel customer segmentation tool is a method of developing 3 to 8 customer segments which represent the main customer base for an omni-channel retailer.
Price: $200.00M.”
Based on this philosophy, we are actively tackling the 3 perspectives that ESG presents.
ESG Activities
M.”
Initiatives towards Environment
Environmental Activities Required for Motors
Our products, motors, are required to respond to issues considering environment, such as laws and regulations of each country, customer-specific standards, applications, and export destinations. In addition to responding to social needs, we believe that advancing to a society that shares environmental information is the responsibility of Mabuchi Motor.
Manufacture of Environmentally Conscious Products
Based on one of our Management Policies, "promote business activities that have minimal negative impact on the environment and that strictly abide by safety standards," we are designing and developing environmentally-friendly motors.
We at Mabuchi are producing eco-friendly products for the entire society by improving the performances of consumer products. We are doing this by increasing the energy efficiency, reducing the size and weight, increasing the output, and lengthening the service lives of our motors.
Production in Consideration of the Environment
We are working in various ways to reduce environmental impact not only with respect to the motor parts themselves, but also for chemicals used in production, power used to drive production equipment and machinery, and the working environments of our employees.
CSR Procurement
By setting Mabuchi group’s own special evaluation criteria in addition to laws, regulations, and customer requests, we at Mabuchi strictly control environmentally prohibited substances designated in those standards so that they will not be included in materials and parts of products that we procure from our suppliers. We also prioritize the use of materials and members with a lower environmental impact.
Prevention of Global Warming, Contamination Prevention
We are focusing on activities to reduce CO2 (carbon dioxide) emissions, which has a large impact even among other greenhouse gases that are said to be the cause of global warming. Every year, as one of our environmental goals – “The Promotion of Energy Conservation” – we reduce our carbon footprint by 1% from the previous year (base unit), and encourage ① the rendering of company-wide activities visible and the promotion of energy conservation (electricity, air, water, gas, petroleum, etc.), ② the promotion of energy efficiency in our labour-saving equipment, and ③ the development, purchase, and introduction of energy-efficient equipment.
Reduction and Recycling of Wastes
The entire Mabuchi Group is taking on the challenge of "Zero Emissions" in an effort to produce a recycling society, one in which waste is recovered and reused in the form of resources to reduce landfill waste.
Initiatives towards Society
Contribution to Society through Corporate Activities
We place the highest priority on contributing to society. As a manufacturer of small motors, we operate our business based on the idea of contributing to the realization of an affluent society and pleasant lifestyles by providing higher quality products at lower prices.
Educational Support
Mabuchi aims to contribute to the development of society by extending various types of support to local communities and international society. This is an effort in line with our management principle "Contributing to International Society and Continuously Increasing Our Contribution." As one such activity, we provide educational support to the young people who will lead the next generation, to help them grow up surrounded by the joy of science and manufacturing.
Regional Support
We aim to realize our management philosophy, "Contributing to International Society and Continuously Increasing Our Contribution." through supplying better motors, job creation and technology transfer in the areas where we operate, and human resource development for society,without sacrificing global environment and people's health. For this reason, environmental protection and social welfare activities rooted in the area are continuously implemented throughout the Mabuchi Group.
Human Rights Respect, Safety and Health
Our company is promoting the "Conduct corporate activities which preserves the earth's environment and protects human health." in the management quidelines. For this reason, we respect the basic rights of our employees, including our overseas bases, and we are actively working to create a workplace where every employee can play an active role healthily and safely.
Diversity
By actively promoting diversity, we are working to create an environment in which the Mabuchi Group employees can be active around the world without being limited to countries or regions. We have always been hiring and promoting regardless of nationality or gender. In recent years, we have been putting more effort into it and aiming to create new value by taking advantage of each feature by having a global sense among all our employees.
Balancing Work and Life
The key to our company is “to position people as the most important business resource and effectively utilize them through work and nurture people who are useful for society.” We are also striving to create a stimulating work environment at every workplace, including overseas bases, by respecting the basic rights of employees and encouraging them to pursue self - development and self - fulfillment individually.
Communication with Employees
Mabuchi Motor holds qualification incentive programs, English learning support and training to create employee self-development and a comfortable working environment, as well as events such as garden parties and sports competitions that stimulate communication
Governance
Fundamental Thinking Regarding Corporate Governance
The basic purpose of developing and implementing proper corporate governance is to sustainably increase the profit to all stakeholders, including shareholders, by creating proper profits and improving corporate values.
Management Monitoring System
In 2019, we have changed to a company with Audit & Supervisory Committee, and have appointed 4 audit and supervisory committee members, including 3 highly independent, outside audit and supervisory committee members.
Appointment of Female and Non-Japanese Directors
According to the leaflet “Women's Activities and SDGs: Towards Sustainability” issued by the Cabinet Office this January (2020), there are 887 companies (out of 3,740 listed companies total) with a female executive ratio exceeding 10%. Our company is on that list. We will continue to work to promote gender equality in society.
Risk Management System
Based on the Basic Policy on Internal Control, a director in charge of overseeing company-wide risk management will be appointed, and a relevant department under this director will be established. In addition to establishing and maintaining internal company rules and procedures necessary for the appropriate management of risks, we have taken necessary measures, such as providing education and sharing common knowledge about the above.
Compliance
In order to realize our management philosophy, we have established the “Mabuchi Motor Ethical Standard” not only to comply with the rules and regulations of each country, but also because we believe that carrying out activities in line with corporate ethics as deemed desirable by society is a major premise. We have concretely laid out social codes of conduct like laws and ordinances that all executives and employees should follow, and plan for them to penetrate and take root in the company.2102/S/X Sunglasses by Polaroid™. Shape: Square, Material: Plastic, Frame Type: Full Rim.
2102/S/X Sunglasses by Polaroid™. Shape: Square, Material: Plastic, Frame Type: Full Rim. 2102/S/X are available in three different color combinations and sizes. The first pair of Polaroid sunglasses were sold in 1935, and in 1937 Edwin Land created the Polaroid Corporation. With such many years of experience in the production of optical products, the company continues to delight fans with new collections, while not forgetting to improve its own technologies. As an internationally renowned manufacturer of sunglasses, Polaroid offers its fans practical, stylish and versatile models of both sunglasses and eyewear. In recent years, Polaroid frames have become as lightweight as possible, making them very comfortable even when worn all day.
Polaroid is the first polarized eyewear with a long history. Founded in 1937, military industry.: frames for women, men and kids, sunglasses, sports glasses, as well as reading glasses and sun clips.
One of the flagships of today's optical market, Polaroid was the first company to develop polarizing lens technology. We associate Polaroid with constant innovations and eyewear that combines technology and fashion.
For nearly a century, Polaroid Eyewear has been developing, manufacturing and distributing high quality polarized lenses and fashionable sunglasses. Polaroid Eyewear's designs are popular with millions of people for their unrivaled optical performance, as the brand's sunglasses do more than just protect their eyes from the sun. The modern UltraSight lens achieves the highest polarization efficiency, which does not distort the shape, size and distance of the object under consideration. The innovative lens delivers incredible performance: it is lightweight, flexible, impact resistant, while effectively blocking glare and harmful radiation from the sun.
Innovative lenses in Polaroid glasses guarantee high visual clarity and accurate color perception.
Eco-friendliness is a big advantage - lenses are made from natural raw materials such as wood, cellulose, cotton.
Polaroid sunglasses stand out for their advanced manufacturing techniques combined with stylish.Deerhoof + Gold Dime + Sloppy Jane
Time Out says
The irrepressible Deerhoof, a.k.a. the world’s premier art-pop band, hits Brooklyn to purvey its sublime mixture of the anthemic and the angular. Opening is local outfit Gold Dime, the brainchild of Andrya Ambro—a blazing drummer best known as a former member of acclaimed noise rock duo Talk Normal.1 Photo
Click to enlarge
2018 Jeep Grand Cherokee
Call John Figueroa today at (757) 240-8334 for internet sales price!
Year:
2018
Make:
Jeep
Model:
Grand Cherokee
Body Style:
Limited 4x4
Exterior Color:
Billet Silver Metallic Clearcoat
Interior Color:
BLACK
Engine:
3.6L V6 24V VVT UPG I W/ESS
Mileage:
40,885
Stock #:
P4108
VIN:
1C4RJFBG2JC357763
City
18
MPG
18
MPG
Highway
25
MPG
25
MPG
Actual mileage may vary,
- Factory Options
- ENGINE: 3.6L V6 24V VVT UPG I W/ESS
-
- Entertainment
- Graphic Equalizer
- Integrated Roof Antenna
- 6 Speakers
-
- Rear Collision Mitigation
-)
- Rear Bench Seat
- Seat trim
- Leather Seats
- Vehicle
- Vehicle
- Rear Spoiler
- Exterior
- Tire - spare
- Temporary Spare Tire
- Powertrain
- Fuel
- Gasoline Fuel
- Engine
- V6 Cylinder Engine
- Drivetrain
- Four.Whats going on people.
First and foremost. Hello! Whether someone told you about us, or you just randomly stumbled across Thinking Evolution, welcome. I’m glad you found us, I hope you have a look around and see something that interests you.
Where are my manners! Let me introduce myself. I’m best known as DR. I know it seems incredibly egotistical of me not to put my name on here, but getting my name “known” around the world is far from I hope to achieve on Thinking Evolution. I hope that we can create a community whose ideas and beliefs of life, love and everything in between are something we hold dear and are something that we can share with each other. Through this, maybe we can learn more about the world and the people who reside here on this big blue and green marble. I hope through doing this we can also learn more about ourselves, who we are and who we want to be.
So that’s why I go by DR (more on what we are hoping to achieve later.)
I obviously have a name and what is considered what in our modern world a “normal” life. If normal was defined as living the life you were supposed to live in a world where we are told “this is the way the world is.” This world is the best its going to be and there’s nothing we can do about it- then a normal life is what i occur in, as i’m sure a lot of us do. I have never felt entirely settled by this way of living, the world being on the knife edge as it is a lot of the time, it’s hard to just sit and coast doing only what we are “supposed” to do.
We just have to find our place in the world and that is that. I have a job that pays money, a family and friends, all of which I’m very grateful for. The state of the world at the moment is that there are people in much crappier situations than me.
As much as I might be grateful for what I have right now, I feel as if there is something that could be done to make life better, to do good, to feel good and maybe help each other understand that while the world isn’t all sunshine and rainbows, we can feel good, feel powerful and are capable of so much more than we think. It’s these feelings I like to believe that gets us through as a thought becomes a movement, a love of positive experiences, of a person that makes you feel like you thought you never could. It is this that makes us who we are and more confident every day of what we want to achieve and more capable of getting to that point. Life is a journey people and each step counts, no matter how small.
However, I feel like we can be scared so easily these days, especially by what we don’t understand. We worry that people won’t like us, that we are missing out on something and that by acting on something we believe in, it could inflict pain in some way. If we can’t figure something out, or are confused by it, then maybe we try to minimize the time we spend dealing with it, as even though we want it, we desire it so much, we live to a “limit” working on “needs” rather than “wants.”
I hope that, like me, you are curious about the world and the infinite possibilities that are available if you just give yourself the means to go and make that impact on life you always imagined was possible, to share ideas and beliefs and most importantly, understand you always have a choice. They may not be easy choices, the choices may make the goal seem so much further away. Yet these choices make you feel good, for the journey is just as important as the goal.
By this, I don’t mean money. My belief is that money is earned to allow us to go and experience the magnificence of the world. So yes, we need to make money, that is a reality of the world we live in, but how we see it could lead to an ultimate evolution on such a grand scale. It could make for a Thinking Evolution, and help us see we can choose to feel better feeling thoughts.
I should probably mention i don’t claim to know any more or less than anyone else. I hope to be just as much of a part of this as all of you. I’m along for the ride people.
Choose to think better feeling thoughts. And start your Thinking Evolution.
I look forward to hearing from you. Welcome!
DR
PS: General legal note so I don’t get sued: I do not own any of the images or videos posted on this site and they will not be claimed as such. Anything I say is based on my own opinion and the opinions of those who wish to join the discussion and find their own Thinking Evolution.
Our Commercial Grade Power Washers Are Unmatched
Painterly offer a comprehensive power washing service.
Our teams use high pressure water to safely remove built up dirt, grime, mould and mildew from many different surfaces.
Here’s a small list of just some of the materials we can clean:
- Brick
- Concrete
- Tarmac
- Asphalt
- Walls
- Stone
- Wood
Power washing is a quick and easy way to make the outside of your home or commercial building look great again.
Often you don’t need a brand new coat of paint which can be both expensive and time-consuming.
Sometimes your exterior or facade just needs a good power washing from skilled professionals.
We don’t just wash vertical surfaces we can also clean many different horizontal surfaces which can be a very fast and affordable way to bring them back to life.
So instead of replacing your paths, sidewalks, pavements, driveways patios or decks call Painterly instead.
We can pressure wash:
- Apartments
- Houses
- Bars and restaurants
- Shops
- Office buildings
- Driveways
- Sidewalks
- Pavement
- Patios
- Decks
- Fences
- Gates
- Gutters
- Fascia
- Soffits
- Windows
Recently Finished Projects
Actual Customer Reviews, Typos & All ;- )
Commercial And Residential Power Hosing Service
For businesses, having a clean exterior to your building makes it more inviting to potential customers.
We use very specialised equipment to make sure we get a high quality job done each and every time.
Our pressure washers provide 3500 PSI and with their onboard heaters can produce water at a huge range of temperatures so they can be effective on any surface imaginable.
The most important thing to remember is that although or jet washers are extremely powerful, they will not cause any damage to any surface they are used on.
They are very tough on dirt and grime but very gentle on everything else.
Whether you just need a quick wash or a thorough deep cleaning Painterly can help you with our pressure washing service in Dublin.<<In case you need to collect information for genuine, capable or individual reasons by then enlisting a private expert is the best unsurprising decision. A private crime analyst gathers real factors, confirmation and solid information that is strong and will even stand up in the court. Most private specialists have reasonable involvement with a specific sort of assessment and even associations generally focus on a picked not many kinds of crime analyst work. Assurance they give the sort of crime analyst work that you require and hold critical association with that calling. As a result of the way approving works for investigators for hire you will generally find that they work inside the state, region or country where they abide.
When starting your chase look locally instead of inside country the agent or association that you contract with should be secured, supported and approved. Allowing is a legal responsibility for the crime analyst and exhibits a level of cleaned expertise. Further to this, allowing of any kind is set up to get and gives prosperity. While getting an individual or business it is a significant notwithstanding for you if references for past work can be given. Approach your private examiner for references yet recollects that the possibility of a criminal investigators work is secret, spy like and this could be problematic.
Various detective are surrendered cops or have military experience and fathom impelled perception and information gathering techniques. Ideally, there should be a varying number which infers that different experts in different vehicles will offer viewpoint making it difficult to recognize. Perception might be a huge and earnest essential to complete your task so get some information about his equipment and for what benefit Private Detective that is best for you. This article gave you the information expected to viably utilize a private expert that is a strong counterpart for your necessities. You should be in a circumstance to call or email trained professionals and represent the right requests.
Beside these benefits, most of the investigators for hire and analysts are imaginatively outstanding with latest surveillance equipment and procedures that make them an optimal choice to utilize for the two individuals and corporate affiliations. Ensuing to enrolling a private expert it is suggested that you should keep the comprehension among you and him. These are the things that should be let sleeping dogs lie and should not to be uncovered to anyone. This is critical for the expert to keep the example of their clients characterized. Hence the crime analyst can achieve their assessment work in much more broad way. These were a part of the centres that you need to consider while selecting a private agent to clarify your case.Regular price
$125.00
Sale
Camo CZ Bar Set Engagment Band .925 Silver - Princess cut stones
This beautiful ring is made of fine sterling silver, stamped with a "925" quality mark and rhodium plated. Features (5) AAA grade princess cut bar set CZs. Band measures 2.5mm in width. Weighs 5 gram. This ring is nickel free and hypoallergenic.Colby Covington won the UFC interim welterweight title this past weekend at UFC 225. He then went on to call-out the UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley. Woodley has now reacted to Covington’s comments and even went on a rant against Covington on Instagram.
Woodley recently did an Instagram live session with his followers and during the live session he went on a long rant against Covington. Below is an excerpt from Woodley’s rant against ‘Chaos’ Covington:
Colby Covington is coming to get his a** whopped. I never in my life, never in my career, never in my existence as an adult human being wanted to fuck somebody so bad. beat somebody so bad, embarrass somebody so bad. Take his life so bad, I don’t even say that figuratively but literally.
I’m going to try to hurt him so f**king bad that they never gonna let me fight in the UFC again. That’s a fact.
Do comment and let us know your thoughts on the rivalry between Woodley and Covington.
ALSO READ:
UFC: Robert Whittaker releases statement about his UFC 225 fight, says it was the hardest fight of his career
Boxing: Eddie Hearn signs the biggest ever Boxing deal worth $1 BillionFound a better price?
Let us know and we’ll match it.More infoOpens in a new window
Upscale vacation home with kitchen, near Lake Tahoe
1 King Bed
1 Queen Bed
1 Queen Bed
4 Twin Beds
Remember, collect 10 stamps, get 1 reward* night
Cribs/Infant beds are available for an extra charge
Pets are allowed for an extra charge of USD 200 per accommodation,.Civil Rights
Block on Trump's Asylum Ban Upheld by Supreme Court
There is an old saying among attorneys: he who represents himself has a fool for a client. A sharper illustration of this adage cannot be found outside Third Circuit Court of Appeals decision handed down last Thursday in the Philip Berg lawsuit, in which yet another "birther" sued regarding President Obama's birthplace and eligibility to serve as President.
Philip Berg, an attorney, represented himself in his appeal (and presumably in the myriad of cases that preceded this one) of the District Court's decision against him in his "birther" suit against President Obama. A "birther" suit is one (of many) lawsuits based on the curious notion that President Obama is not actually a natural born citizen of the United States and thus ineligible to run for the office of president. The Court, in all its wisdom, did not even reach the question of the president's actual or alleged birthplace. They instead ruled against Berg due to a lack of standing to bring the suit.
Standing is the law's way of deciding who is the appropriate party to bring a case to court. Imagine, if this prerequisite did not exist, the courts would be clogged with frivolous and irrelevant suits. Even more than they are now. A complainant is found to have standing if these conditions are met:
In the Philip Berg lawsuit, the court failed to see, among other things, that Berg suffered the necessary injury in fact. As stated by the court, the injury must be a "an invasion of a legally protected interest which is (a) concrete and particularized and (b) actual or imminent, not conjectural or hypothetical." The court goes on to say that when a harm is shared by all or a large class of people say, voters for instance, the harm does not warrant the right to bring the case.
Finally, as for redress for this harm, the court gently asked if he could not redress the harm himself by simply voting for someone else. Maybe he didn't like his options?
Meeting with a lawyer can help you understand your options and how to best protect your rights. Visit our attorney directory to find a lawyer near you who can help.We absolutely love the design of these kids insulated bottles from Tesco, they’re perfect for little ones to take to school or for days out throughout the summer months.
As seen in the image above, there’s two different designs available, one with a ‘chasing rainbows’ slogan and one ‘There’s no planet B’.
Both designs can also be found available (AD) online at Tesco, however stock may vary at your local store.Uncertainty about deeds held up for months the lawsuit filed against the state over its plan to remove tracks and create a 34-mile rail trail between Lake Placid and Tupper Lake.
The state thought it owned the entire rail corridor but discovered it does not have title to two parcels: a half-mile stretch near North Country Community College in Saranac Lake and a shorter stretch at the end of the line in Lake Placid.
Although the state now holds an easement allowing public access to both parcels, the easement will terminate if the tracks are removed.
In court papers, state officials say they have three options: buy the properties, acquire new easements, or appropriate the parcels. They say the landowners have agreed to work with the state to reach an agreement that will allow the rail trail to move forward.
However, the state also says it could create the rail trail even without the landowners’ cooperation.
Losing public access to the NCCC parcel, which is jointly owned by Franklin County and Essex County, would present the tougher challenge as it would create a gap in the trail. If that happens, the state says it can create trailheads at either end of the NCCC parcel.
“The State can also seek the cooperation from Saranac Lake to allow the trail to continue through the village and use existing sidewalks and public streets in order to connect the two ends of the trail,” according to an affidavit filed in the case.
The Tupper Lake-to-Saranac Lake segment would be about 25 miles long. The segment between Saranac Lake and Lake Placid would be about nine miles.
The Lake Placid parcel is owned by the Lake Placid-North Elba Historical Society, which runs a museum in the depot. Presumably, if the state could not use this parcel, it could end the trail just before the parcel. However, this is not discussed in the court papers.
The state Department of Environmental Conservation and Department of Transportation came up with the plan to split the 119-mile Adirondack Rail Corridor into a rail segment and a trail segment. The plan also calls for rehabilitating 45 miles of little-used track between Big Moose and Tupper Lake.
The Adirondack Railway Preservation Society, which is based in Utica, filed suit last year against DEC, DOT, and the Adirondack Park Agency, which ruled that the departments’ proposal complied with the Park’s State Land Master Plan.
If the rail-trail plan is implemented, the railway society will have to shut down a seasonal tourist train that runs between Lake Placid and Saranac Lake. However, it could continue to run tourist trains in the Old Forge area.
In court papers filed this week, the railway society says a rail trail without the NCCC parcel, resulting in a gap in Saranac Lake, differs from the proposal initially put forth by the state. “The State has taken no steps to explore whether this patchwork approach is a feasible option,” the society’s lawyers wrote. “Nothing in the State’s affidavits indicate that anyone from the State has reached out to municipal officials in Saranac Lake to even discuss this option.”
The lawyers conclude: “The State cannot construct the recreational trail … without owning sufficient property rights to do so, and the removal of rail infrastructure to make way for a recreational trail that the State lacks the rights to construct would be irrational.”
Acting Supreme Court Justice Robert G. Main Jr. heard arguments in the case in January. Parties filed additional papers this month. Also, Adirondack Recreational Trail Advocates filed a friend-of-the-court brief last week, taking the side of the state agencies.
The state had hoped to begin work on the rail trail this spring. However, the judge has prohibited the state from removing tracks until he issues a decision.
In court papers filed in early March, Assistant Attorney General Marie Chery-Sekhobo questioned the injunction, though she said the state is not contesting it. “The petitioner did not seek an injunction beyond that imposed [last fall] during the 60-day stay and the State did not have the opportunity to be heard on the restraining order,” she wrote. She cited an appellate court ruling, which declared that “orders enjoining, compelling or staying action by State officials should be granted only upon notice.”A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday that state-owned Turkish lender Halkbank (HALKB.IS) can be prosecuted over accusations it helped Iran evade American sanctions, Reuters reported.
The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said even if the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act shielded the bank, the charge against Halkbank falls under the commercial activity exception.
Prosecutors accused Halkbank.
Halkbank has pleaded not guilty to bank fraud, money laundering, and conspiracy charges over its alleged use of money servicers and front companies in Iran, Turkey, and the United Arab Emirates to evade sanctions.
The bank had argued it is immune from prosecution under the federal Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act because it was "synonymous" with Turkey, which has immunity under that law.
Halkbank had been appealing an October Recep Tayyip Erdogan backing the bank’s innocence in a 2018 memo to then-U.S. President Donald Trump.Travel abroad is still very much complicated because of COVID-19. Touring the country was an enticing option for many, but that may still not be possible for a lot of households. So, what if you stay at home for the entire summer? Is it really going to be that boring? It doesn’t have to be! We have 10 home staycation ideas that will make you have an absolute blast.
1. Camp in the garden
All you need is a tent, some torch lights, sleeping bags and food/drinks for a couple of days. Take it all to the garden and make it a rule not to go inside the house for anything until camping is over. This way you will change scenery, be out in nature and spend time away from technology. All these are great for your physical and mental health. Not to mention it is a great opportunity to teach the children some life skills and bond more.
2. Build your own aquapark
Not having a beach holiday this year? No problem. Bring the beach and waterslide attractions to your garden. In stores like Argos, Sainsburys, Asda, B&Q or and of course on Amazon, you can find a number of inflatable water facilities. Get a pool or a hot tub, some slides, sprinklers and more. Assemble them in the garden and create your very own aquapak for the hot and sunny days.
3. Scavenger hunt
Organise a scavenger hunt at home or in your local area. You can invite friends and neighbours to join in if you are doing it outside the house. It is a fun, competitive experience that also gets you moving.
4. Redecorating the house
Mixing business and pleasure is not always bad. For example, when your home needs a little creative touch and the walls could use fresh paint, get everyone involved. If you have older children who are good at art, you can let them decorate the walls in their room or the entire house with nice artistic touches. If the art master is you, unleash your full creativity and inner power.
5. Big garden party
Officially we no longer have restrictions on social gatherings. At least for the summer. That’s a green pass for a big, crazy, fun garden party. Come up with a theme, decorate, order or cook delicious food and stock on lots of drinks. Invite your friends and play your favourite summer hits.
6. Spa day
Not much of a social junkie? No problem. Have a quiet and relaxing activity at home during your staycation. Spa day is just perfect! Book a mobile therapist just for yourself or share the treat with your bestie.
7. Karaoke night
Sing, sing, sing! Karaoke night with family and friends is always fun. YouTube has tons of karaoke videos and you can get a glowing karaoke mic from Amazon for less than £20.
8. Yoga retreat with friends
Work on the connection of mind, body and soul during your home staycation. You can organise and host a yoga retreat with a few friends at your house. This can also be combined with the spa activities.
9. Big neighbourly bake off
There’s nothing more British than a summer bake off. Organise your own in the neighbourhood. It can run just for a day or over the course of a few days. If you get a lot of participants and everyone is willing to contribute a small joining fee, the winner can receive a cash prize!
10. Wine tasting and movie marathon
Who said wine tasting is only exciting at wineries? You can have your own at home by buying a selection of wines from the shop or online. There companies who actually offer virtual or at-home wine tasting events. After the activity, you can continue the day or night with a movie marathon.17 Mar Galacticos
Galacticos
GALACTICOS SERIES, SHOWCASING REAL MADRID TO AIR EXCLUSIVELY ON ESPN ACROSS AFRICA
Three-part series unlocks the secrets behind the team that transformed the world and the revolutionary idea that turned the game of soccer into an industry.
Johannesburg, 17 March 2021: Continuing its leading position in showcasing unparalleled original sports programming, ESPN Africa will premiere Galacticos. A three-part documentary series chronicling the inception, highs and lows of Florentino Perez’s “Galactico” revolution as he led the club Real Madrid to the top of world soccer.
Premiering exclusively on ESPN (DStv 218) across Africa from 23-25 March at 21:30 (CAT), Galacticos documents Pérez’s first term as president of Real Madrid and the “Galactico” revolution he oversaw to make the team the most glamorous and successful football club the world has ever seen.
The series traces Real Madrid’s time under Perez, from his Presidential win and controversial transfer of Luis Figo from bitter rivals Barcelona in July 2000 to the resignation of his first term as Real Madrid President in February 2006 following the fallout from his “Galáctico” vision.
Galacticos follows the transfers of Zinedine Zidane, Ronaldo and David Beckham, who joined the club between 2001 to 2003 who, alongside Figo, formed the “Galactico” (Spanish for “galactics”, referring to superstars) generation. The series also explores Perez’s vision to modernise Real Madrid in a new world of sponsorship, image rights and the internet to become a global sporting superpower in the 2000s.
In Perez’s first three years at the club, Real Madrid won two La Liga titles, the UEFA Champions League in 2002, two Spanish Super Cups, the European Super Cup and the Intercontinental Cup. Yet, as Perez’s reign progressed, we hear from key players, board members and journalists about the friction between the old and new Real Madrid. Huge egos in both the dressing room and board rooms and prioritising marketing over football broke up Real’s winning formula, leading to the demise of the ‘Galactico’ revolution. Perez resigns from his role at the club in 2006.
“Galacticos is another superb original series from ESPN’s award-winning documentary unit,” says Evert van der Veer, Vice President, Media Networks, The Walt Disney Company Africa. “The series shares intriguing new insights about one of the world’s most ambitious soccer teams and, knowing the club’s popularity on the continent, we are thrilled to share this remarkable tale with soccer fans this month.”
Galacticos includes fascinating insights from a stellar interview cast of Real Madrid legends, including Iker Casillas, Roberto Carlos, Fernando Hierro, Claude Makélélé, Fernando Morientes, Steve McManaman and Manager Vicente del Bosque, alongside individuals closest to Perez.
For updates from the world of American and other sports, fans can connect to @ESPNAfrica on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or visit.
Author: Jenny Griesel (Jenny Griesel Communications)Dream Architect Patchwork Shirt Dress
Subcribe to back in stock notification
- Sizing: Fitted
- Pattern: Patchwork
- Features: Open front, long sleeve
- Neckline: Collared
- Product measurements:
S: length 37 in, bust 34 in, sleeve 27 in, shoulder 16 in
M: length 37 in, bust 36 in, sleeve 27 in, shoulder 17 in
L: length 38 in, bust 37 in, sleeve 27 in, shoulder 17 .In the recent decision McLean v. Cathay Pacific Airways Limited,1 the Supreme Court of British Columbia approved a settlement of a class action brought against Cathay Pacific Airways Limited ("Cathay Pacific") for a data breach that occurred in 2018.
The Class Action
On October 24, 2018, Cathay Pacific announced that it had experienced a data breach exposing the names, passport numbers, credit card numbers, and other private information of up to 9.4 million passengers worldwide.
On August 16, 2019, James Rodney McLean commenced a Canada-wide class action against Cathay Pacific in the Supreme Court of British Columbia on behalf of approximately 230,000 Canadian residents affected by the data breach.
The Settlement Agreement
The parties entered into a written settlement agreement on January 12, 2021. The main terms of the settlement agreement are summarized below:
- Without admitting liability, Cathay Pacific will pay $1,550,000 (the "Settlement Funds").
- Using the Settlement Funds, class counsel will establish a compensation fund to pay provable loss claims submitted by class members.
- Any Settlement Funds remaining after payment of class members' loss claims, class counsel fees, disbursements, taxes, and honorarium to the representative plaintiff McLean shall be donated to the Law Foundation of British Columbia.
The settlement agreement was contingent on the certification of the action as a class action and court approval of the settlement. Under s. 35 of the British Columbia Class Proceedings Act, RSBC 1996, c. 50 (the "CPA") a class action can only be settled with approval of a judge.
The action was certified as a class action for settlement purposes on February 12, 2021. The parties subsequently sought judicial approval of the settlement agreement.
Court Approval of the Settlement Agreement
In British Columbia, the test for approving a class action settlement is whether the settlement is "fair and reasonable and in the best interests of the class as a whole."2 The court can only approve or reject a settlement. It cannot modify the settlement's specific terms.
Justice Kent of the Supreme Court of British Columbia identified 10 factors by which to assess the reasonableness of a settlement:
- the likelihood of recovery, or the likelihood of success;
- the amount and nature of discovery evidence;
- settlement terms and conditions;
- recommendations and experience of counsel;
- future expense and likely duration of litigation;
- recommendations of neutral parties, if any;
- number of objectors and nature of objections;
- presence of good faith and absence of collusion;
- degree and nature of communications by counsel and the representative plaintiffs with class members during litigation;
- information conveying to the court the dynamics of, and the positions taken by the parties during the negotiation.
Justice Kent highlighted the following factors favouring court approval of the settlement agreement:
- The settlement agreement was negotiated at arm's length (the parties were acting independently from one another) with the help of an experienced mediator and experienced counsel.
- Given recent Canadian court decisions dismissing data breach class actions, there was a risk that class members could go through years of litigation only to have their case against Cathay Pacific dismissed. By contrast, an early out-of-court settlement would allow class members to recoup at least some of their losses.
- Cathay Pacific's passenger business had depleted approximately 99% over the past year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Without a voluntary settlement, class members might not be able to enforce any judgment that they might obtain against the air carrier.
Objections to the Settlement
Only five class members raised objections to the settlement agreement.
Three of those objections were to the term of the settlement agreement that leftover Settlement Funds would be donated to the Law Foundation of British Columbia. Justice Kent disagreed with this objection, noting that, in any event, ss. 36.1 and 36.2 of the CPA requires 50% of remaining settlement funds to be donated to the Law Foundation of British Columbia. The objecting class members had provided no sound reason why the parties should be put to the expense of choosing another charity to donate the other 50% of remaining Settlement Funds when the Law Foundation already had the necessary expertise, experience, and mandate to use any donated funds in the public interest.
Justice Kent found that the objections raised by the other two objecting class members were based on misconceptions of the British Columbia class actions regime. He rejected arguments that class counsel was required to obtain approval of legal fees and disbursements from each class member, that the class was underinclusive because it only included Canadian residents, and that counsel for the parties were in a conflict of interest because of their volunteer work or previous employment.
Concluding that it was fair, reasonable, and in the best interests of the class members, Justice Kent granted an order approving the settlement agreement.
Footnotes
2 2021 BCSC 1456 at para 26.
The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.“Oh my God you don’t remember me?”
“No, sorry but I don’t!”
“Yeah but I know you have seen me here before.”
“I did, when?”
“I used to come here every Saturday and see you in that chair, doing your hair…”
“Humm I apologize but I don’t remember you.”
“Off course, you don’t and there is a reason.”
“Yeah, which is the reason?”
“Well, do you really want to know?!”
“Yes I do. I am curious now. I mean, if I have seen you here before and my understanding, we spoke a couple of times and me not remembering a thing?! Off course, I do. I am an artist. We don’t forget faces often.”
“Yes, I understand but there is a reason why.”
“Ok, yes, can you please kill the suspense here?!”
“Well, are you sitting down?”
“Ok, let me check. Yes, I am, as you can see.”
“Really sitting down…”
“Ok.”
“Are you ready for this one?”
“C’mon girl. Can you stop and tell me whatsup once and for all?! (Someone, please make her stop otherwise, I am going to jump on her if she doesn’t. This is torture!)”
“Well, I used to be big, huge, like in fat…”
“What do you mean, you used to be big?”
“Yes, exactly what you heard. Big!”
“Seriously? NO WAY!”
“Yes. I used to be 194 lbs and perhaps more, I just won’t tell exact but I was this…”
“ARE YOU KIDDING ME? WHEN?!”
“Well, a few years back, precisely three years ago. I used to be in sports then I got hurt and let myself go… just didn’t do much, just ate and ate, and party all the time.”
“But how did you do it? How did you lose the weight?”
“Well, one day I woke and decided that I had enough, no more. I have son I have to look up to. I went back to what I used to do. I used to play volleyball and started doing it again, started walking and here I am…”
“Congratulations!”
“Thank you!”
“So you don’t mind if I take your picture right?”
“Off course not. Better yet, I will share the one I gave my son for his Show-and-Tell.”
“WOW. Love it.”
It is Throwback Thursday after all.How long will my current life insurance proceeds last?
What are the tax advantages of an annuity?
What are the advantages of a 529 college savings plan?
How much retirement income might my 401(k) provide?
Discover how a living will and durable powers of attorney for health care and finances can help ensure your wishes are carried out.Don Kipper family gig - live at The Y Theatre
- Dates:
- Sat 12 Feb
- £5 plus booking fee
- Duration:
- 50 minutes
A funky multi-award winning band who will take you on a musical adventure around Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean.
Expect surprises and a radical fusion of rhythm, harmony and imagination at this special performance for all the family at The Y.
Performances
The Y
Saturday, 12th Feb
16:30Lift kits are that first all-important mod that most overlanders make. Lifts on overlanders are so ubiquitous that in many places you can walk right off the dealer lot with added height and tire, both factory-backed and aftermarket. Stepping back from the assumption that you have to have a lift to overland, we need to ask ourselves why we need or want to lift our vehicles.
The goal is simple - more space between your vehicle’s hard bits and the trail, means more capability in rough terrain.
Secondary objectives would be to gain comfort, load capability, suspension performance, or simply to look the part, which is an important consideration for more people than would care to admit.
There are many different ways to lift a vehicle - suspension lift, body lift, subframe lift, and spacer lift to name a few. They all have their pros and cons but as a general rule, how much you want to spend will be directly related to what you get out of your lift.
There is no shortage of lift kits out there in the market, and they range dramatically in price from a few hundred bucks to thousands of dollars. What do you need? What do you get for your money? And are they any different really? To make sense of the marketplace I wanted to get an expert's opinion.
One of the benefits of living in Utah, is access to a wealth of knowledge of seasoned off-roaders and companies that have made a living in the red dirt. Sure enough, just down the street from me is located one of the true legends in aftermarket Jeep components, and Mr. Dennis Wood of Teraflex was incredibly generous with his time in helping me gain this valuable insight in this maze of options.
A gracious host, Dennis starts with a quick tour of the campus, which has grown from a low of 48 employees in 2017 to over 200 today and includes a new 100,000 square foot facility where they manufacture Falcon shocks.
The front wall is plastered with hundreds of Jeep components, from TJ short arms to axle floater kits and brakes. Teraflex exists for Jeepers and the parking lot is jam packed with JK’s, JT’s, JL’s and a few other Jeeps. They know Jeeps
Soon into the tour, we stop at a photo studio with a bare JLU chassis that’s been setup to demonstrate a few of the different products Teraflex makes for the platform. Talking over the products I get some fascinating insights into their development program and it’s obvious that this is far more than your run-of-the-mill fabrication shop, this is an engineering firm.
This is exactly what I came to find out - Why should I pay for something expensive like a Teraflex system when there are so many other, cheaper ways to achieve the goal of added ride height. Is there really a difference?
Talking about spacer lifts, Dennis tells me a story that illustrates this last question very well:
“Back in the JK days, when they first had puck lifts - the springs compressed so little when you were at ride height and you flexed them, the rear coils would shift out or just drop out. We saw one at a dealership where the puck was sideways, about to pop out. When we did ours we did a little snap in so it would click in, and then we put a long extension on them so the spring would reposition as it slid down. We put some thought into it.”
The downside is that kind of engineering and product iteration takes time.
“We aren’t first to market anymore like we used to be. It takes us forever to get things out because we’ve got to go through all these processes.”
The way he tells it, Teraflex is happy to wait and sell kits to all the people disappointed with the kits that are first out.
“It’s better, we’re coming in and batting clean up. Customers will say, well I won’t do that again, next time I’ll just buy a Teraflex.”
And honestly I think he’s got a point. I’ve been fiddling with the suspension on my Land Cruiser for years and only now do I feel like I have it mostly where I want it. It was a lot of trial and error, or what Dennis calls “arts and crafts”. Looking back on it now, I could have saved myself a lot of trouble, time and money with a kit that was fully engineered from the beginning.
It’s here I want to step back a little to say this isn't so much about Teraflex, per-se, but rather in trusting a company that emphasizes engineering, real world testing and experience in their designs. There are cheaper kits out there, and some of them will be fine, but it’s something to consider at the very least.
So how much lift do you need? For height, I can’t help you there as every vehicle is a little different and your trail needs will be completely different than mine. For many people, stock suspension and a little more tire might be all you need. For others, it could be that every quarter inch of difference you lift will add up.
In terms of height, I will leave you with two thoughts:
First - buy the smallest lift you can for the most tire you need. This gives you the most benefit for the least tradeoffs.
The second is related - be honest about how you plan to travel and realize that every inch of lift is going to cost you something. Anything past 1-2 inches on most vehicles is going to start to cost you dearly. A 4runner with a 4 inch lift and 35’s sure looks the part, but that kit will cost a fortune to do it right and still drive substantially worse than a smaller lift with a smaller tire - to say nothing of wear and tear on components and decreased economy. Be sensible for best results. Once you raise your vehicle past a certain point, doing it right becomes expensive.
Why is that? I ask Dennis.
"Roll center, scrub radius, panhard lengths and angles, joint angles, up travel, down travel, castor, camber... it goes on."
There is a lot of engineering that goes into your vehicle’s suspension to make it drive right. There is some amount of alteration you can make without upsetting this engineering and outside of this range, you need fairly dramatic alterations to bring this geometry back.
Steering geometry is critical to keep your vehicle driving down the road close to how it was from the factory. Camber, caster, scrub radius, etc. Getting these corrected is crucial for a safe, well driving lift.
That's just the start, however.
“You can have all the steering angles back, and be all great... but you go out and try to flex it and you have all these restrictions on it.” In other words, you have to get the geometry right and make sure you can cycle the suspension, nothing binds or hits, or that the range of motion doesn't allow for any critical angles.
A good illustration of this is the panhard rod on the front of a JL Jeep. The panhard is the rod that locates the axle left to right and it's done by attaching one side of the axle to the frame with a long rod. As you lift the vehicle, the angle becomes steeper and if you don't correct for strength, length and angles on this rod you actually risk binding it up and sucking the axle down under full droop or bending dramatically as you come down from full droop at speed.
Ride quality, brake dive, impact forces, axle movement and alignment, etc. These are all considerations for getting a kit to work with a chassis.
As another example: The mounting location for the lower control arms of a Jeep’s suspension. When the Jeep leaves the factory the angle of these arms is relatively flat and forces from impacts are translated into the frame in a way that is straight and strong. When you lift that angle on the frame side becomes more pronounced. So now when you hit a was at speed that force is going to try and pull the axle under the vehicle and stress that mount more, plus you introduce brake dive and all sorts of undesirable conditions.
The Teraflex drop bracket, which moves the mounting location down and forward is meant to correct this, but more than that, it also has to factor in loads and hangups in its new location.
“You gotta figure these guys are going to abuse it. And you have to make sure it’s going to flow [over rocks].”
“We ripped off a lot of prototype brackets, tore them right off the frame. You gotta real world it. You’ve got to do real world [testing].”
The further you go down this rabbit hole the more you realize that doing it right simply costs more.
We’ve come a long way in this article and we’ve haven’t talked about shocks yet, so what about 'em? The truth is that while Teraflex builds their own shocks and tunes them to match with their system, they’ve also made a conscious choice to sell many of their kits without shocks. I asked why and the answer is surprisingly revealing.
“Preference. You know some people like Bilstein, that’s fine. Some people like this or that. We make our kits to work with our shocks but for some people they just want to run their own.”
To be clear, Teraflex recommends their shocks, which are tuned to work with their system. The Falcon and Teraflex shocks enjoy a great reputation and I would consider them some of the very best out there. This isn’t about that at all. This is a statement that while shocks get all the glory, the real meat of a great lift kit is in the thoughtful engineering into the links, bushings, coatings, welds, and 100 other things that don’t enjoy the same limelight as the highly visible shocks.
Let’s back up. Before you select a kit you need to ask yourself a few simple questions. How much lift?
At the risk of being obnoxious, I’m going to give you the standard answer of “it depends”. Obviously this is a question you are going to need to ask yourself. It’s my personal opinion that the less you do to your overlander, the less you ruin it... or maybe that’s just me.
You probably thought you saw a typo up there when I said a few questions, plural. “How much lift?” is actually a two parter - how high and how sophisticated?
I’ve already given you my 2 cents on how high, but how sophisticated should you buy? We've come a long way in suspension technology, particularly in dampers, but here is my simplified answer for the 2nd: the basics still apply.
You can get bogged down in coil type - linear, progressive, dual rate, etc - or in damper technology - bypass, adjustable, remote res, etc - but the thing that will make the most difference on any vehicle is going to be correcting geometry and using high quality, tested components.
For the sake of not leaving you hanging, I will offer this cheat sheet for the Jeeper looking for an upgrade from stock.
Dampers are your choice. It's my personal opinion that the weight of vehicles these days require a minimum of 2 inch bore shocks for any real use and 2.5+ for heavy use. Comfort, adjustability and edge case performance are what you buy when you move up this ladder.
And of course it goes without saying that you will want to consider your budget. If you have the budget, you won't be disappointed with shelling out for a high performance system. The good news is that if your build fund isn't flush with cash, you won't be punished for choosing a well engineered budget system either.This Single Family Residence is located at 36443 Geranium Dr, Lake Elsinore, Ca. The estimated value of this home is currently priced at 509,213, approximately $312.21 per square foot. This property was originally built in 2015. 36443 Geranium Dr is within the school district Perris Union High School District with nearby schools including Herk Bouris Elementary School, Menifee Valley Middle School, and Paloma Valley High School.
There are currently 79 properties with a median home value on Geranium Dr of $421,800, $87,413 less than this home. The median list price per square foot on Geranium Dr is $199, $143 more than this home. Of the total homes on Geranium Dr, 95% are For Sale, 5% are For Rent, and 78% are Single Family Homes. Geranium Dr represents Infinity% of home addresses in Lake Elsinore, CA. Interested in knowing how much your home on Geranium Dr is worth? The Homes.com Automated Valuation Model (AVM) provides an estimate of the home value of every on and off market property in the US.
36443 Geranium Dr
Lake Elsinore, CA 92532Behind The Scenes Of Lil Wayne & Detail’s “No Worries” Music Video [Pictures]
Check out some photos from on set of Lil Wayne‘s “No Worries” video shoot featuring Detail in this post. The video was directed by Colin Tilley and was shot in Las Vegas last month. Tunechi‘s close friends Birdman, Mack Maine, and Gudda Gudda will also be making appearances in the visual!
Don’t forget to check back to LilWayneHQ.com just before 8PM EST tonight to watch the official music video for “No Worries“.
Pics via Derick G.Guess who’s not coming to dinner
The Aspen Times
Aspen, CO Colorado
ASPEN ” It appears there will be no exchange of olive branches over dinner for Mayor Mick Ireland and one of his more ardent local critics, Marilyn Marks.
The pair have been facing off for weeks over the city’s inaccurate depiction of the costs of building the Burlingame affordable housing project, planned for 236 units and only about a third complete.
The city, in a 2005 brochure given to voters as part of a public relations effort, said the total cost of the project was $74.3 million, with the overall taxpayer subsidy being $14.7 million.
City officials now say, however, that the total taxpayer subsidy will be $85.5 million, and that the wording of the brochure was a mistake, for which city officials have since apologized. Officials have explained the figures were meant to cover only the “hard” costs reflecting the building of the homes, but not such “soft” costs as the value of the land, the laying of utility lines and roads, or the establishment of a bus route to serve the residents there.
Marks has called for a special investigation into the issue, although a recent report by two independent auditing firms ruled that the city did not intentionally mislead voters.
But Marks and the mayor have not reconciled their stances on the issue, and have accused each other of a variety of transgressions.
Marks has accused the mayor of rudeness and being “less than truthful” in his remarks to the public on Burlingame and other matters.
Ireland, for his part, contends that Marks has hidden motives that have nothing to do with the numbers underlying Burlingame, and more to do with using a public platform to force a more conservative political agenda on City Hall in general and on the housing program in particular.
In an effort to ease the stalemate, The Aspen Times in an editorial on July 25 offered to foot the bill for a dinner meeting, with no one present but Marks and the mayor, to give them a chance to iron out any differences they may have in private. They also were offered a chance to submit an article to the Times recounting their meeting.
Marks, who was part of a citizen-volunteer committee looking into affordable housing issues and who discovered the discrepancy in the brochure, has said she would be willing to take part in the dinner meeting if there were a “mutually agreeable third party” on hand to witness the exchange and prevent any “rudeness” or “abusive treatment.”
For his part, Ireland responded to a reporter’s question about The Aspen Times’ offer by saying, “If she wants to come talk to me, she can come to my office.”
The combative and tumultuous relationship between the two has prompted some humor among observers, as when former city finance director Paul Menter presented each with a specially inscribed T-shirt.
Marks’ shirt, according to a reporter, declares “This Is Not A Date” on the front and back of the shirt.
Ireland’s shirt states, “Please edit/remove the following words and resubmit your content: mick,” in reference to the use of the word “mick” as a slur against people of Irish descent, and the fact that The Aspen Times’ website would not permit the word to be used in online comments to articles or letters to the editor. The ban has since been lifted.
According to a reporter who witnessed the T-shirt exchange, Ireland did not laugh when presented with his’A highlight from David Wallace-Wells
Automatic TRANSCRIPT
Everyone welcome dr podcast as always we appreciate you. Supporting people support the pods. We can keep the winds in the sale. The corolla pirate ship again. Do out after dark and don't forget we do a streaming show. We've had some great guests who've dr ben carson. I'm going to have been a persad who else i had. All kinds of people in their leave had more people than i can count on recently. Oh my god so please you check that. Three minutes at dr do dot com. Today is no exception to that Great lineup we've had lately. We have david wallace wells. His book is the uninhabitable earth life after warming. There's originally released in two thousand and nineteen now paperback as of march twenty twenty It's an expansion of a two thousand seventeen essay of the same name which appeared in new york magazine where David is the editor at large. Andy would follow. Dave eanet twitter at d. wallis w. a. l. l. a. c. e. like william wallace wells d wallace wells Thank you so much for joining me to be here. Good stuff too. So i see you caught my attention with a recent newark are a new york magazine article around the world response to cove it and i just thought to myself that there was a ton packed into that article and and i wanted to share it with his audience. A and ahead this sense that you were being a good journalist and we're just reporting but you had a i don't know i felt i felt like there's there's an opinion burgeoning underneath. All you've learned something you learn something and i just wanted to myself. What did he learn from this. I'd love to hear from his point of view. Is that fair enough. Is that a fair statement. You know liberal. Americans lived through the pandemic. I spent many the first month's freaking out about the american response freaking out about donald trump's leadership and how little was being done at the federal level to really prepare a proper respect to what you know seemed pretty clear to me was a really terrifying disease threat And in fact. I wrote a few pieces along those lines in early spring faults in the president and not just the president. But you know american leadership all the way down the hierarchy and as time moron Got through the summer and the fall. I started thinking a little more expansively about our response. I noticed that you measured by the sort of crude metric of deaths per million citizens league. Which is it's an imperfect metric but it's is probably the best thing we have to do comparative national Analysis measured by that. You know the. Us hadn't done especially or job. We did much much worse than the countries of east asia and no she earlier but compared to the country of as our peers germany the uk really the eu as a whole and indeed also the americas we were you know a little worse than average But especially considering our rates of commodities that that probably qualifies us about an average performance. So so let's let's let's stop right there and try to parse out. What is your hunch on east asia. I don't see where their policies were much different than ours. Really what do you think went on there. I think there are a lot of tractors and you know one of the things. Try to write about the story. Is that even a year year on. Even you know we know this disease up have developed incredible vaccines against it. Nevertheless there are a lot of things about the dynamics of spread that are still mysterious. Dos and not just spread but the physiology of infection a lot of that too not. We have no idea where we think we know but we really have no idea. Yeah but especially when you get out Out of consideration of the individual patient right now on cases grow under what conditions you know. They're just a lot of variables that we we know. We're playing some role but we don't know what role so there are. climate factors. There are some sunlight. Factors are how people live in. Whether they're denser spread out how the commute there are cultural things about you know comfortable you are wearing a mask or whether you kiss on the cheek or shaking horns and You know all the way down through there some some scientists. I spoke to hypothesis about you. Know if you're living out in in the more natural environment you encounter more More threats to your immune system your immune system may be just better trained people in places like say you know northern europe or the. Us are living in sanitized. Environments in our immune systems are compromised as a result and there are a lot more speculative like that the populations of asia are more people living closer proximity bats like the center of the world population and so may have been some additional exposure to not this growing the virus similar corona viruses which could have trained us to some degree to respond But the short answer. Is you know a lot of that is really mysterious and indeterminate. And one thing we can point to is not about the policies adopted per se but how quickly those policies were enacted which is to say like when you have a disease the grows at a rate like this possibly the most important determining factors just. How quickly do whatever it is. You're going to do because if you wait until you have. You know in the us when new york city shut down there were three million cases already in the us. If you wait to that point no matter. How much testing surveillance you're doing and how much contact tracing how much quarantine you're doing.You appear to have javascript disabled. Javascript is required for this site
Subscribe – it's free!
Incursion
Year Level Suitability: Prep-2 to 3-6
Duration: 1 Hour
School Term: Term 4
Year Level Suitability: Kinder to 3-6
Duration: 90 minutes
Duration: 45 minutes plus question and answer time
Year Level Suitability: Kinder to Prep-2
Duration: The performance runs for 45 minutes (plus question time afterwards).
Duration: 35 minutes
School Term: Term 1, Term 2, Term 3, Term 4
Duration: 45 Minutes
Duration: 45 - 50 minutesNovember 25th, 2021
Written by: Josh Speer
Time For a Totally Normal Nintendo Download
Well folks, you have one more reason to b[...]
Everyone knows there’s something that’s just wrong in this world… Sometimes, weird things just happen. You’ll find yourself walking home one night and suddenly, it’s raining frogs. There’s this guy…
Click the icon above to join our Discord! Ask a Mod or staff member to make you a member to see all the channels.Log in if you have an account
By creating an account with our store, you will be able to move through the checkout process faster, store multiple addresses, view and track your orders in your account, and more.Create an account
The Stone House: Demolition Main Floor
"What have we done?", we said.
Classic stage one of a reno. This is the floor below the plywood boards in the summer kitchen.
Don't worry, we promise there was nothing worth salvaging in this room.
Suddenly everything seemed so overwhelming.
The demolition crew did a great job, completing the work in a reasonable amount of time. They said it wasn't even the worst they've ever seen. Encouraging!
The bulk of the demolition effort was focused on the summer kitchen and the upstairs. The parlour and two side rooms had been preserved so it was just a matter of peeling off some old wallpaper.
In the beginning Howell would accompany us. Here he is pretty chuffed to have scored a sucker from the local diner (spoiler alert, it was later accidentally and sadly dropped in the dirt).
Meanwhile, outside, what a gorgeous autumn we had in 2017. Here is the little field out front, covered in wildflowers, or as the farmer calls them, weeds. We are trying to figure out how to have a little wildflower meadow here while maintaining a space to run free, since we are surrounded on all sides by farm fields. For the past few years it has been a tall wall of corn, that rustles in the breeze and creates a natural fence. In 2018 we will be getting a wheat field along one side.
This gorgeous Norway Maple in the front is quite old and is in some rough shape. I hope when we trim it it won't lose its energy. It would have been perfect for a swing but we have concerns about weak limbs.It’s that time of year where a couple of us at Mix get to put together a recording setup for a specific price. Once again I’ve been put in charge of the full analog studio for $100K. Let’s assume we already have our computer and furniture in place, ready to be loaded up with amazing analog gear.
This is my fourth installment of the Build Your Own Studio series, so in addition to a few trusted regulars, I’ve incorporated a bunch of “new faces” that haven’t been featured yet. The following is inspired mostly by personal experience and in-the-field use, complemented by choices based on feedback from colleagues. Now let’s go shopping!
The Great British Sound
As our centerpiece to handle all recording and mixing duties, I’ve chosen the Trident Series 88-32 ($34,999.99). The Trident name is synonymous with world-renowned EQ and a great sound originally made famous in St. Anne’s Court, London.
This 32-channel console will supply all the mic pre’s needed to track a band. The 88 can be configured as an in-line or split console, providing all the routing options to cover studio requirements.
The console is fully modular, allowing for easy maintenance. I wanted to point that out, especially as we find ourselves in more situations where there is no on-site maintenance staff. So having access to a modern console offering a modular design could save a session when one of the modules goes down and it needs to be replaced with a spare.
The desk features 4-band sweepable EQs on each channel, including a tilt EQ on the monitor path. There’s low and high shelving on the FX and monitor returns. And with its eight aux sends and eight subgroups, this is a very flexible, true analog board.
The Engine Room
In order to remain flexible with other studios and people’s various workflows, we need to record to a DAW. We can still track to a trusty 2-inch reel-to-reel multitrack; however, we still need to be able to deliver sessions in the digital format. Avid’s Pro Tools 12 ($599) will take on the recorder duties for us. And to feed into our DAW, I’ve spec’d Antelope’s Orion 32 ($2,795). The Orion 32 provides plenty of analog I/O, with a vast array of digital expansion possibilities and, of course, Antelope’s notorious clocking.
When it comes to dealing with automation moves in the DAW, I prefer to have access to several parameters at the same time. The Slate Raven MTi2 ($999) will insert analog-style touch to the software.
Slate Raven MTi2
On the Way In
Now we’re ready for some signal input, so let’s fill the microphone cupboard with some tasty tools. In all likelihood, we’ll be looking at the general recording setup: drums, bass, guitars and vocals. But our mic selection should be versatile enough to cover any eventuality.
Having spent quite a bit of time in the studio with hip-hop programmers and vocalists over the past few months, I’ve grown to love the Shure SM7b ($349). It is killer at recording vocals in the control room, with great rejection of the stuff coming over the monitors. They’re also great on heavy guitars. Just in case there’s more separation required, the sE Electronics Reflextion Filter Pro ($119) will do just that.
No mic collection would be complete without a couple of Shure SM57s ($99 x 2 = $198). These workhorses will cover snares, guitars and pretty much anything you throw at them.
On kick detail, the AKG D12VR ($499.99) will do the donkeywork, and we’ll supplement that with a Telefunken M82 ($399) and an Electro-Voice RE20 ($449), which can also take on a lot of bass and brass recording.
I recently worked with a producer who introduced me to the technique of putting a Sennheiser MD441U ($899.95) on the snare. Until now, I’ve always used SM57s and KM 84s, but hearing that Sennheiser on snare drums was absolutely mind-blowing. I do like putting a small condenser on the side of the snare drum, just looking over the rim, and the Advanced Audio CM1084 ($659) sounds just great for that. On toms, I’m sticking with the Sennheiser MD421s ($379.95 x 3= $1,139.85).
My magic hi-hat microphone has always been the AKG C451B ($499.99), and recently I’ve had fabulous results with the sE Electronics Rupert Neve designed RN17 ($999). The AKG also performs nicely on acoustic guitars, giving you that zingy string sound. Completing the small-diaphragm collection is the very open-sounding Lauten Audio Torch ST221 ($899).
sE Electronics Rupert Neve designed RN17
Having used these mics successfully on so many sessions now, I have to revisit the Advanced Audio 47 fet ($295), CM251 ($995) and the CM67se ($965 x 2 = $1,930). I love the 47 fets on double bass, and the CM251 performs amazingly on acoustic guitars, vocals and strings.
Advanced Audio CM251
The CM67se is my mic of choice for vocals. The last time I used it at RAK Studios, the producer asked me to put up an original vintage Neumann U 67. It’s in great shape and has been maintained very well. We went through the same API pre, and both got a little squeeze on a Fairchild. After recording one verse, the producer asked me to unplug the original 67 and keep on recording with the Advanced Audio. I like to use two of those mics so we can cover stereo applications and Glyn Johns-style drum recordings.
For piano recording, I am a champion of a couple of original 414s. Because those are no longer made, we’re swapping them out with a couple of Advanced Audio CM414s ($389 x 2= $778), inspired by that original design.
And that brings us to the missing link in our mic selection: ribbons. To complement the 414s on piano, it’s really lush to add a Royer SF12 ($2,695) stereo ribbon.
I’ve always liked ribbon mics on guitar cabs, and the Royer R-121 ($1,295) has done me proud on countless occasions. On my recent jobs engineering for Elliott Randall, we haven’t had access to the Royer, so we’ve been using an sE Electronics Rupert Neve designed RNR1 ($1,995), which has been sounding stellar on trumpets and saxophone.
Topping off the ribbon family is the AEA KU4 ($4,356). This hyper-cardioid ribbon is something else entirely. I had the opportunity to put it to use on a classical piano session at British Grove Studios. One of the pieces had a vocal, and the KU4 blew all the vintage tube mics straight out of the water. It was warm, smooth, and yet nicely open on top. Not what you expect from a ribbon. It impressed me enough to put it on this list. Rounding out the input section are a couple of Rupert Neve Designs RNDIs ($269 x 2 = $538).
Rack-and-Roll
The 500 Series is a widespread phenomenon now, and almost every manufacturer has jumped onboard. I’ve installed a value-for-money 10-slot Fredenstein Bento 10 ($531) holding a few sets of EQs, Crane Song Insigna ($1,299 x 2 = $2,598) and Pultec EQP500A ($1,295 x 2 = $2,590) that can be used on single channels, but will also serve for bus EQing.
The Shadow Hills Industries Dual Vandergraph ($2,085) and the Smart Research C1LA ($1,750) will take care of any stereo compression, while the Little Labs Vog ($420) will deliver low-frequency substance to kicks, snares, toms, bass and anything that warrants a touch of extra oomph.
Shadow Hills Industries Dual Vandergraph
The DAW will have plenty of time-based effects, but this studio has a tactile approach, so filling up the Bento 10 is the brand new Meris Mercury 7 ($549), a very cool reverb unit.
Meris Mercury 7
No studio is complete without API and Manley. The API 2500 ($2,800.75) and Manley Variable Mu ($3,960) are stunning-sounding units with amazing character and can be used on any material.
API 2500
Tying off the dynamics section is the Chandler RS124 ($2,875). Based on the original EMI Abbey Road unit, which can be heard on a lot of Beatles records, this compressor is the don when it comes to severe squeezing.
The final piece of outboard has to be a bit special. Last year when I engineered the Comsat Angels at RAK, we used a vintage tube Watkins Copicat ($720) as the main “space” on vocals instead of reverbs, and it sat just right in the mix. So I promptly hunted around for one and added it to my mix toolkit.
Watkins Copicat
Let’s Be Heard
I’ve chosen two pairs of monitors: Neumann KH 310s ($4,499.90) for transparency and the very flexible Barefoot Micromain 35 Gen2s ($8,275).
Barefoot Micromain 35 Gen2
Nothing is more important than your artists being able to hear themselves properly in the live area. That’s why I’m installing an Aviom D800 system ($1,599) with four Aviom A320 ($399 x 4 = 1,596) personal mixers. The headphones of choice are Audio Technica ATH-M70x ($299 x 4 = $1,196).
Make It Sound Great
All the gear is in place. This setup works great for recording, mixing and even some basic mastering.
Music production is both fun and intense. To provide a little distraction and comic relief, I’m bringing in theBB-8 ($149.99) as a little studio mascot of sorts.
A couple of 27-inch Grande Lava lamps ($99.99 x 2 = 199.98) help to set the mood and provide a bit of ambience. Any leftover cash will be spent on a few bottles of Jack Daniels in honor of the late, great Lemmy.
Grand total: $99,775.39
Click here to read how multimedia producer Markkus Rovito would outfit his studio for $35,000.EVM Sprinters make an Impact
Impact Group of London has taken delivery of five EVM converted Mercedes-Benz Sprinters. Based on the Sprinter 513 CDi with Common Rail Direct Injection Euro5 engines matched to five speed manual gearboxes, they are each fitted with the OEM entry door and sliding side door with electric step, 16 EVM Comfort class seats, in dash and saloon air conditioning and the Mercedes-Benz Sound 15 head unit with saloon speakers. They come with full three year Mercedes-Benz unlimited mileage chassis warranty. The vehicles were supplied by EVM’s sales office in Horsham, West Sussex.Ornamental Wreath Letter Business Card Logo
This Business Card design is perfect if you need natural Business Cards, event Business Cards, art Business Cards or spa Business Cards. Start editing this ornamental wreath letter Business Card for your business or team.
Tags that describe that Business Card:
- natural,
- event,
- art,
- spa,
- eco,
- leaf,
- leaves,
- nature,
- wedding,
- organic,
- letter,
- environment,
- floral,
- decor,
- park,
- handmade,
- gardening,
- plant,
- ecology,
- craft,
- ornamental,
- wellness,
- landscaping,
- brown,
- garden,
- ornament,
- feminine,
- autumn,
- lettermark,
- stationary,
- botanical,
- wreath,
- interior decoration,
- botany,
- skin care
Other business cards you might like
Generate business card templates for any industry
Choose an industry or keyword below and we'll start creating business cards in seconds...Human of dignity, equality and freedom.
As well as being a remembrance of the suffering that was endured in the days of apartheid, this national day is also a celebration of the rights that everyone living in the RSA now enjoys (and often takes for granted).
One of the most notable celebrations is the Cape Town Festival, which aims to promote tolerance and understanding of diversity through performances, workshops and various artistic endeavours. While other events around the country are designed to draw attention to current human rights concerns, such as racism and police brutality.
A bit of background
Back on 21st March 1960, thousands of unarmed South Africans gathered in a township called Sharpeville to peacefully protest against the atrocious apartheid government and its pass laws, which required indigenous adults to carry a passbook with them everywhere (this allowed the regime to control travel and dictate the duration for which black South Africans could stay in white areas).
However, as the crowd grew in size, tensions increased along with the police presence. 150 armed reinforcements and four armoured personnel carriers arrived, and the police eventually opened fire on the crowd, murdering 69 people and injuring 180 more.
This massacre became a turning point in the struggle for human rights in South Africa, which finally came to a head on 27th April 1994 when Nelson Mandela was elected as president. Shortly after his election, Tata Madiba announced 21st March to be Human Rights Day, in order to pay tribute to the people who fought for the freedom of all South Africans.
Know your rights
The South African Constitution protects the human rights of all its citizens. These rights were previously denied to the overwhelming majority of the population, and Human Rights Day thus serves as an important reminder to us all to reinforce our commitment to the Bill of Rights that is specified in the Constitution.
These hard-earned rights stipulate that everyone is equal before the law and thus has the right to equal protection and benefit of the law. The bill also includes the right for inherent human dignity to be respected and protected; the right to freedom of movement and residence anywhere in the country; the right to participate in the cultural life of choice; and the right to peaceful protest.
Financial rights?
Likewise, being financially secure and having access to a certain standard of living is also an important goal that all South Africans should strive for. Knowing how to make your money work for you can greatly relieve stress, as well as improve the quality of your life and afford you the freedom of choice.
Protections and benefits come in different forms, and there are ways to make the most of your earnings so that you can live comfortably and look after your family — even after you’ve gone. The key is to be aware of your entitlements, so that you can maximise your benefits and ensure you are protected in the event of any unforeseen circumstances.
The battle against the oppression of apartheid may have been won, but we still need to fight for the right to financial security. Don’t hesitate to arrange a meeting if you wish to discuss any legislative rights that could help to improve your financial situation.Ecommerce stores using reCAPTCHA in Central African Republic 4 ecommerce stores in Central African Republic.
In this report, we'll cover the following statistics on usage of reCAPTCHA on ecommerce stores.
Create a free account to get a feel for the data we provide.
reCAPTCHA Usage On Ecommerce Stores
reCAPTCHA is currently installed on 4 ecommerce stores in Central African Republic.
- Installs for reCAPTCHA increased 0.3% quarter-over-quarter.
- Installs for reCAPTCHA increased 86.3% year-over-year.
Installs of reCAPTCHA over Time
Top Stores using reCAPTCHA
Here are the top 5 stores in Central African Republic running reCAPTCHA ordered by store rank.
Top Ecommerce Platforms for stores using reCAPTCHA
Here is the ecommerce platform breakdown for stores in Central African Republic with reCAPTCHA installed.
- 75.0% of stores using reCAPTCHA are on Custom Cart
- 25.0% of stores using reCAPTCHA are on WooCommerce
Top Categories for stores using reCAPTCHA
Here are the top 10 industry verticals for stores using reCAPTCHA.
- 50.0% of stores using reCAPTCHA..
Chapter 2. Scotland's Changing Energy System
Scotland has long been an energy rich nation. That reputation, forged in the development of our coal, oil and gas reserves and engineering prowess, has since grown through the rapid development of our renewable resource.
Scotland's electricity supply today is largely decarbonised. We are well on the way to our target of generating 100% of our electricity demand from renewables in 2020 – provisional statistics show 54% of Scotland's electricity needs were met from renewables in 2016, with major new capacity due to connect to the system in the coming years. We are determined now to tackle the challenges of decarbonising heat and transport, in order to meet our longer term energy and climate change targets.
Diagram 1 - Scotland's energy flow, 2015
Energy Consumption
Energy consumption in Scotland in 2015 was 157 Terawatt-hours ( TWh), significantly lower than a decade earlier. Total final energy consumption fell by 15.4% compared with the mid 2000s. Energy efficiency played a big part in this, as did the impact of the economic cycles, prevalent prices and weather patterns.
We have always prioritised tackling fuel poverty and, by the end of 2021, we will have allocated over £1 billion pounds since 2009 on tackling fuel poverty and improving energy efficiency. Scottish Government programmes, coupled with new building standards, have significantly increased energy efficiency. The Scottish House Condition Survey shows that just over two-fifths (43%) of homes in 2016 rated EPC band C or above, an increase of 77% since 2010. Scotland now has proportionately 38% more homes with a good EPC rating (C or above) than England.
Diagram 2 - Change in Final Energy Consumption, Baseline (2005-07) – 2015
In 2015, total final energy consumption was 15.4% lower than the 2005-07 baseline, achieving our 12% energy efficiency target 6 years early.
More than half (51%) of the energy we consume in our homes and businesses is used for heating, the majority of which is supplied by natural gas. An estimated 79% of homes used natural gas as their primary heating fuel in 2016.
Transport accounts for 25% of total energy demand. The majority of this is for road transport. In recent years biofuel has been introduced into road fuel, and currently accounts for 3.1% of total fuels.
Electricity accounts for just under a quarter of total energy demand, with 77% of electricity generation in 2015 coming from zero or low carbon sources, and 27% from wind energy alone. The installed capacity of renewables in Scotland reached 9.5 GW in June 2017.
Diagram 3 - Final Energy Consumption – split by end use sector, 2015
Source
The cost of energy to consumers has risen considerably over the past two decades. In 2016 26.5% (or around 649,000 households) were fuel poor [4] .
Domestic consumers in Scotland are now paying over 50% more for an average duel fuel energy bill than they were in 1998, with the cost of gas rising at a faster rate than electricity. Prices for non-domestic consumers have also risen substantially, with large industrial consumers in particular now paying some of the highest prices across the European Union.
Producing useful energy for Scotland and beyond
Oil and gas remain vital, accounting for around 90% of total primary energy in 2015 [5] . Fossil fuels meet the majority of Scotland's heating and transport demand, as well as significant export demand.
Scotland (including Scottish adjacent waters) produced 63% of total UK gas production in 2016-17. While the UK as a whole has significant dependency on imported gas, in 2015, Scottish gas production represented roughly six times that of final consumption.
The share of renewable energy as a proportion of the energy we generate and consume has increased considerably over the past decade. Renewable energy sources now supply the equivalent of almost 18% of Scottish final energy consumption, up from around 8% in 2009.
Diagram 4 - Renewable Energy in Scotland
In 2015, 17.8% of total Scottish energy consumption came from renewable sources, more than double the level in 2009.
Renewables generated 42% of our electricity production in 2015, meeting the majority of Scottish demand alongside the two nuclear power stations at Hunterston and Torness, generation from Longannet [6] coal power station and with a small amount coming from the gas-fired station at Peterhead. The growth of renewable generation is due to the expansion of onshore wind, complementing the post-war investment in large-scale hydro, as shown in Diagram 5.
An estimated 1.7 Gigawatt ( GW) of renewable heat capacity operated in Scotland during 2016, producing 3,752 Gigawatt-hours ( GWh) (see Diagram 4). These estimates suggest that Scotland produced enough renewable heat to meet between 4.8% and 5.0% of non-electrical heat demand.
Diagram 5 - Renewable Electricity in Scotland
In 2016, the equivalent of 54% of total Scottish electricity consumption came from renewable sources, four times greater than the level in 2000 [7] .
More of us are turning to electric vehicles ( EVs). At the end of June 2016, there were 3,575 electric cars and vans licensed in Scotland (eligible for the UK Government's plug-in car and van grant schemes), compared to 2,050 at the end of June 2015.
More EVs were sold in Scotland in 2015 than the previous four years combined, with 2016 sales expected to have risen further. Our ChargePlace Scotland network has expanded to over 600 publicly available EV charging points, equating to over 1,200 charging bays. This includes over 150 'rapid' charging points, one of the most comprehensive networks in Europe.
Diagram 6 - Renewable Heat in Scotland
In 2016, an estimated 4.8% to 5% of total Scottish heat demand was met from renewable sources [8] .
Diagram 7 - Yearly Pattern of Energy Consumption
Our energy demand varies over the course of the year, meaning that we need flexibility in the system. Gas provides just that, and can comfortably accommodate large seasonal swings in demand. This means that any future changes to our use of gas, and the effect of such changes on our ability to access that flexibility, will require careful thinking.
Energy Storage
Energy storage is another important source of flexibility. Energy can be stored in different ways – for example, in pumped hydro storage facilities, chemical batteries, thermal stores, stocks of coal at power stations, gas storage facilities and more locally in the form of petrol and diesel in refilling stations or in vehicle tanks.
Changes to how we store energy across the system, and particularly in terms of electricity and heat, could have a profoundly important bearing on our low carbon future.
Diagram 8 - Energy Storage in UK, 2014
The area of each coloured square indicates the energy stored. The size of annual total UK energy demand is indicated by the large light grey square and annual total UK electricity demand by the smaller dark grey square.
As shown in Diagram 8, coal was the single largest store of energy in the UK in 2014, consisting primarily of stocks held at power stations ready for conversion to electricity. Coal and gas storage together formed major inter-seasonal storage capability, playing an important role in managing the difference between winter and summer demand. Petroleum-based products are held in a variety of forms – centralised stocks, in local depots and refilling stations, and carried on board vehicles in fuel tanks.
These fossil fuel stores amounted to hundreds of TWh of storage in 2014, similar in scale to the total annual British demand for electricity. By contrast, the forms of energy storage usually discussed in relation to a low carbon electricity system are typically a much smaller fraction of that. The existing pumped storage hydro fleet accounts for around 30 GWh of storage, while the largest current grid-scale battery projects are in the range of tens of Megawatt-hours ( MWh).
Large energy stores in the oil and petroleum sector provide resilience against disruptions in the international energy system. The UK has committed via the European Union and the International Energy Agency to hold stocks of oil-based products equal to more than two months of typical usage. As transport moves away from a reliance on petrol and diesel, the need to hold stocks of these products will reduce. But the issue of our resilience to international disruption will remain important.
The process of decarbonising our energy system is already underway. By the end of 2016, coal stocks had fallen to just 40% of their size in 2014. The Rough gas storage facility is in the process of closing, removing approximately 37 TWh of energy storage from the system.
We need to bear in mind and understand the implications for our energy system of these changes to our existing storage capacity, as well as for the flexibility it has historically provided. We will need to adapt market structures and systems, develop new sources of flexibility, and explore low carbon options which can make use of new and existing storage opportunities.
A future energy system for Scotland
There is little certainty about the exact way in which the energy system might evolve. We have witnessed substantial changes over the past two decades – both large reductions in electricity generated from coal (a 74% reduction between 1998 and 2016) and substantial increases (a more than 10 fold increase since 1998) in renewable generation across the GB system, particularly generation from onshore and offshore wind, driven by large and unforseen cost reductions.
In order to achieve our climate goals, Scotland needs to build on the progress made in decarbonising electricity production, and to see concomitant progress in the decarbonisation of heat and transport – while simultaneously maintaining affordable, secure and reliable supplies. This will not be simple, but Scotland is determined to play its part in the global effort to tackle harmful climate change.
A largely decarbonised energy system by 2050, which meets our climate change targets, can be achieved in a number of ways, and will be influenced by innovations and developments we simply cannot forecast. It will also depend on consumers' willingness and ability to adapt to new opportunities and behaviours, and on the underlying costs of primary energy sources and related infrastructure.
The Scottish Government's Digital Strategy [9] , published in 2017, highlighted the continuing revolution in Artificial Intelligence and the data-driven economy. This will also have a powerful bearing on the energy sector; emerging digital technologies and applications such as the Internet of Things, cloud computing, blockchain, 3D printing and machine learning can transform business models, markets and employment. These developments will continue to change the ways in which we produce and consume energy.
Cyber security will also become increasingly important, with smart, connected systems potentially more vulnerable to deliberate attack. Scotland's Cyber Resilience Strategy [10] provides a framework for improving our cyber resilience accordingly.
A greater proportion of both heat and transport demand is likely to be met by electricity. This would allow the continued growth of low carbon electricity generation, combined with technologies such as smart storage heaters and heat pumps, to provide highly efficient ways of providing delivering low carbon end-use space and water heating. However, the uptake of electric heating and transport on a large scale would place extra pressure on the electricity system, and on the network's ability to generate, store and deliver the capacity necessary to meet peaks in demand.
This will require investment at all levels of the network, but will also be influenced by changes in the way that networks are operated. There is scope to manage demand much more flexibly – for example, EV charging and heat pump operation could be coordinated through local and national markets – matching local demand and supply to manage and reduce network constraints.
An alternative approach might be to increase the supply of low carbon gas. Low carbon sources of gas could include biogas (from anaerobic digestion), biomethane, bioSNG and hydrogen. Hydrogen gas can be produced through electrolysis from renewable electricity (green hydrogen), or via a process called Steam Methane Reforming ( SMR) combined with Carbon Capture and Storage ( CCS).
Low carbon gas would use the existing gas transmission and distribution infrastructure, and maintain the system's ability to deal with significant swings in demand. Low carbon gas can either fully replace existing forms of gas, or be blended with existing gas to partially decarbonise the network. The GB gas distribution networks are already investigating the performance of hydrogen across their infrastructure.
Limits on the likely production of biogases and hydrogen from electrolysis would mean relying on significant levels of low carbon gas from combined SMR and CCS industrial processes, although the full suite of future technologies is difficult to forecast.
Scotland in 2050
In order to develop our Strategy, we have developed two indicative scenarios for the energy system, consistent with our current climate change targets. These show how low carbon electricity and hydrogen could be used to meet demand across the industry, services, residential and transport sectors. These are purely illustrative, designed to help us understand what infrastructure and behaviours might be required under different future scenarios.
Scotland's energy system in 2050 is unlikely to match either of these, but will probably include aspects of both. The pace of technological change, and advances in engineering and information technology across the economy and the energy sector over the next three decades, will have a huge bearing on the energy system and the ways in which we interact with it.
Both scenarios represent radical changes to the energy system, and would require sustained investment, high levels of public acceptance and support across society. They offer exciting opportunities for economic growth, using Scotland's existing expertise and knowledge.
The scenarios have been informed by sector-specific analysis and the Scottish 'TIMES' model; a strategic, whole-system energy model, taking into account a range of policy and other constraints. TIMES captures the main characteristics affecting technology deployment and the associated greenhouse gas emissions for Scotland as a whole. The scenarios show the amount and form of final energy delivered to consumers from the energy system.
These scenarios are not intended to predict the future. They are designed to generate discussion about how the future energy system could potentially look, and to help us consider the influence that developments in the near term could have on the eventual shape of the system.
Scenario 1 - An Electric Future
By 2050 electricity generation accounts for around half of all final energy delivered. The sustained growth of renewable generation has helped ensure that we meet our climate change targets.
Scottish electricity demand has increased by over 60% since 2015, and is increasingly supplying transport demand through battery-powered electric cars and vans. Space and water heating is largely supplied, where practical, by highly efficient heat pumps, and via a new generation of smart storage heaters.
Peak electricity demand has risen significantly, moderated to an extent by smart meters, responsive demand, new national and local market structures, and the changes in consumer behaviour that these have supported.
Scotland retains its pumped storage stations, with new capacity added during the 2020s, and electrical energy storage is widely integrated across the whole system. For example, the EV fleet operates as a vast distributed energy store, capable of supporting local and national energy balancing.
Better insulated buildings mean that domestic energy demand has fallen significantly. Most houses, including new and renovated housing stock, now use heat pumps, with heat storage providing an additional level of flexibility where space allows.
Around 80% of residential energy demand is met from electricity.
The Scottish car and van fleet has been fully converted to electric vehicles, with smarter electricity networks and more informed and flexible consumers meaning that demand is managed smoothly.
There is a diverse mix of super-fast chargers replacing petrol pumps at service stations, with a range of charging infrastructure an established feature in supermarkets, car parks, and other destinations, as well as domestically.
Other forms of transport have followed suit. Buses are now almost entirely electric. HGV demand is met partly via electrolysed hydrogen fuel, whilst battery/hydrogen-powered ferries run on Scottish routes.
100% of cars and light goods vehicles are powered by electricity.
Heat pumps provide the majority of heat supplied in the domestic and services sectors. The industrial sector relies on a mix of fuels, including electricity, bioenergy and natural gas, in order to meet the specific requirements of high-temperature processes, or those that require specific chemical reactions which cannot be provided solely by electricity. These sites have found ways to use waste heat from these activities both onsite and, where relevant, offsite.
70% of energy in the service sector supplied by electricity.
Scotland remains an integral part of the British electricity transmission system. Vastly improved demand management and new interconnectors to Europe dramatically improve the management and balancing of demand, with our high levels of renewable generation. Scotland retains some gas generation capacity but this is used increasingly rarely, as is the case across the continent.
The high efficiency of heat pumps, and significant improvements in the energy efficiency of road transport, mean that the amount of final energy being delivered by the energy system falls substantially by 2050. However, the move towards electrification places extra demands on electricity networks, and requires greater flexibility and interaction between generators, network operators and consumers to ensure that we meet our objectives of affordability and system security.
30% reduction in final energy delivered through the energy system.
Scenario 2 - A Hydrogen Future
By 2050, much of the demand previously met by natural gas has been converted to low carbon hydrogen. This is produced through strategically deployed electrolysers and from SMR plants paired with CCS. The effective transition from natural gas to hydrogen – assisted by Government support and regulation, and by consumer behaviour – has helped us meet our climate change ambitions.
CCS development during the 2020s has allowed the production of low carbon gas on a scale large enough to transform the energy system. Final energy demand has fallen, but natural gas demand has greatly increased – mainly to produce hydrogen, but also to power flexible electricity generation, with both processes utilising CCS.
The flexibility offered by gas has also enabled the expansion of the gas network into new locations without compromising the sustainability of the energy system.
Scotland has developed electrolysis facilities, meeting a proportion of the overall hydrogen supply. This helps balance renewable generation on the system, and creates demand which ensures that new gas generation with CCS can run in the most efficient way.
New hydrogen transmission pipes link production facilities with the main demand centres, and new and repurposed pipelines take captured CO 2 to old North Sea gas fields for storage. The gas distribution network has been converted area by area, starting with the main cities.
Domestic energy requirements have fallen significantly and buildings are now better insulated. Natural gas boilers were replaced during the transition with highly efficient hydrogen boilers and fuel cells, alongside other appliances as part of the conversion programme.
60% of demand in the residential sector delivered by hydrogen.
Scotland's car and van fleet is now hydrogen-powered, with fuel cells running an electric drive-chain. Service stations have converted gradually to hydrogen, the process beginning in the 2020s.
Larger road vehicles have been partially decarbonised, with hydrogen-powered buses and HGVs operating. Hydrogen fuel cells have helped move a significant proportion of freight to railways, a shift mirrored in some sectors of shipping.
100% of cars and light goods vehicles are powered by hydrogen.
Hydrogen has replaced natural gas for most industrial and commercial heat demand, and the expansion of gas networks has reduced the amount of space heating in industrial and commercial premises supplied from electricity. Areas without access to hydrogen or low carbon gas have tended to convert from direct heating to heat pumps, or are supplied via heat-networks where this is feasible.
Some specialist industrial processes continue to use natural gas. Processes at large installations are coupled with CCS, which feeds into the network linking the SMR plants with the North Sea storage capacity.
Potential to capture over 10 million tonnes of CO 2 across industry.
The national gas transmission system continues to provide a network of high-pressure pipes across Britain which carry natural gas (methane). Demand increases substantially to feed the hydrogen production process, although this is partly mitigated by the greater penetration of electrolysis. Gas demand is met from a variety of sources in 2050, including a large share of imports of both natural gas from Europe and LNG from world-wide markets.
Biogas, biomethane and bioSNG are also used in a variety of ways, enabling the use of low carbon gas from waste for conversion to hydrogen, to meet industry demand and to feed areas of the gas network where hydrogen conversion isn't feasible.
Demand for gas as an input increases by around 60%.
Diagram 9 – Energy Flows, 2015 and 2050
These illustrative scenarios describe two possible solutions to a difficult problem. Both will require major change to, and sustained investment in, existing infrastructure. Scotland in 2050 is unlikely to reflect either of these; it is more likely instead to combine elements of the two, as well as new options that have yet to be developed.
It's possible that some regions of Scotland will depend on hydrogen or other low carbon gases for decarbonisation, whilst others could rely more on electrical solutions. We would take steps to ensure that any infrastructure issues raised by such regional differences that might arise were identified and addressed in full.
Heat pump development and uptake will likely lead to a range of technologies being deployed, including gas hybrid options. District heating has an important role to play too – both scenarios have these networks meeting over 10% of residential and service sector demand.
These uncertainties mean that we need to take a flexible and open approach to decarbonisation. We will need a portfolio of options, capable of adapting over the coming decades as the world changes. Our Strategic Priorities ( Chapter 3) propose a flexible approach, and our intention is to pursue 'no regret' or 'low regret' options – see the section for a summary of such near-term actions.
Progress over the next five years will have a huge bearing on our decisions about which technologies should form part of the future energy system. We will continue to build our evidence base on the likeliest and best solutions, on how to deliver these economically, and on the associated technical and regulatory issues.
The Scottish Government will work with the UK Government on the major challenges of heat, industry and transport decarbonisation – supporting work proposed across various sectors under the UK Clean Growth Strategy.
Decisions about strategic national infrastructure such as gas and electricity networks will also have a powerful influence. These are financed via infrequent 'price control' periods, managed by the energy regulator Ofgem, with both electricity transmission and gas networks due to begin a new price control period in 2021.
The Scottish Government will develop strategic network vision papers during the coming year for both electricity and gas, to support the development of the respective networks. These will help ensure that the price control processes led by Ofgem take this Strategy and our wider policies fully into account.
Our Annual Energy Statement (see Chapter 5) will reflect changes taking place year to year. We will also periodically review the wider framework put in place by this Strategy to ensure that our approach reflects and responds to changing circumstances.Rainbow Mixed
Want all of it? We heard you! You can have the 4 different open-ended toys in one! This mixed set consist of:
6 ROYGBV Tablets
6 ROYGBV Casitas
18 ROYGBV Savannah Blocks
18 ROYGBV order by Serenitoys. Estimated completion in 30 - 35 days.
**This item may ship directly from Serenitoys HQ.Snowmobile Snowboard Video – Ken Block Shreds A Mountain in his Can-Am on Tracks With Danny Davis?! – Ken BlockBoyle Citizens Information – ‘Your.
A landlord needs the PPS number of every tenant who is renting their property so they can register the tenancy with the Residential Tenancies Board, which landlords must do by law. See registering a tenancy for more information.
You may also be asked for the following information when you rent a property:
- Recent bank statements
- A reference from your previous landlord
- A reference from your employer
- Recent payslips
- Photo ID, such as a passport or driver’s licence
You should only be asked for these details when you are offered the property to rent. You should not have to give this information when you register with a letting or estate agent, or to view a property with an agent or a private landlord.
Any personal information you give your landlord or agent should only be used by them in accordance with data protection legislation.
You can read more about tenants’ rights and obligations on citizensinformation.ie.
You can also get information and advice from:
- The Citizens Information Phone Service: Call 0818 07 4000 (Monday to Friday, 9am to 8pm).
- Our national call back service: Visit citizensinformation.ie/callback to request a phone call from an information officer
You can contact your local centre by email or phone using the details in the Find a Centre page on citizensinformation.ie.
Know Your Rights has been compiled by South Connacht Citizens Information Service CLG, which provides a free and confidential service to the public.
Tel: 0818 07 6330 Address: Boyle CIC, Elphin Street, Boyle, Co. RoscommonPhilippines approves GMO golden rice for commercial production. Moreover, it is still unknown if the beta-carotene in GMO golden rice can be converted to Vitamin A in the bodies of undernourished children. In addition, research shows that what beta-carotene there is in the rice is degraded by storage and cooking. Meanwhile, as the development of golden rice creeps along, the Philippines has managed to slash the incidence of Vitamin A deficiency by non-GMO methods.
Bayer confirms end of sale of glyphosate-based herbicides for US lawn and garden market
Bayer has announced it will no longer sell glyphosate-based herbicides to US gardeners as of 2023, following the costly litigation battle over their cancer causing weedkiller Roundup. Bayer Monsanto stated that “the company and its partners will replace its glyphosate-based products in the US residential Lawn & Garden market with new formulations that rely on alternative active ingredients beginning in 2023, subject to a timely review by the US US professional and agricultural markets.” Beyond Pesticides has produced an excellent analysis of the glyphosate move.
UK: Public want thorough regulation and labelling of gene-edited foods
The UK Food Standards Agency (FSA) has published a report on its findings of consumer perceptions of gene-edited food. The findings show "consumers wanted thorough regulation and transparent labelling if GE [gene-edited] foods reach the UK market". In GMWatch's view, the consumers that took part in this exercise should be congratulated for reaching this sensible conclusion in spite of the falsehoods that the FSA promotes in its report. These include calling gene editing "precision breeding" (it's far from precise) and assuming – without any scientific evidence – that gene editing outcomes "could also be achieved using traditional breeding". Studies show that gene-editing procedures produce many unintended effects, meaning that a gene-edited organism could be very different from a traditionally bred organism with the same intended trait, both genetically and on the compositional level. Assuming equivalence is not scientifically justified and poses risks to consumer health.
"Worrying bias" of FSA report
Pat Thomas and Lawrence Woodward of Beyond GM commented that the FSA report (see above) "showed that consumers had a range of nuanced concerns about issues like food safety, animal welfare, regulation, transparency, consumer choice, who really benefits, and environmental concerns. But the depressing overall impression of the report is that if only consumers understood genetic modification better these concerns would vanish. Dig deeper and there is some worrying bias. For instance, the 'FSA Explains' Video on the CRISPR-Cas9 technique, which was shown to participants, acknowledges no downsides or data gaps for this technique.”
Gene editing-free seed, plant and food labelling launched in Japan
Following the cultivation of gene-edited soybeans in the USA in 2018, and the distribution of its soybean oil starting in 2019, Japan initiated the distribution of the first gene-edited tomato seedlings in May of this year. Later in the year, the Japanese government announced its Green Food System Strategy, which highlights the further use of gene-editing technology to develop new varieties. In response, a collective decision was made to create the OK SEED Mark, a citizen-led voluntary system to label seeds, seedlings and foods as non-gene-edited.
Non-GM breeding produces salt- and drought-tolerant soybeans
Researchers at the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) have developed non-GM salt- and drought-tolerant soybeans using a combination of gene marker assisted selection and natural cross-breeding. It is no surprise that conventional breeding has succeeded where GM has failed in producing these soybeans with desirable traits, since it has consistently outperformed GM in developing plants with tolerance to environmental stresses.
US: Dicamba herbicide injury on the rise
Herbicide injury is surfacing across the Midwest and South once again this summer. Dicamba remains the primary source of complaints, although cases of 2,4-D injury are also being reported. In October 2020, EPA granted new labels and five-year registrations to three dicamba herbicides - XtendiMax (Bayer), Engenia (BASF) and Tavium (Syngenta) - for use over-the-top of genetically modified Xtend and XtendFlex soybeans and cotton fields. The agency added some new rules, including national cutoff dates and use of new volatility reduction agents in the tank. Yet regulators are watching complaints tick upwards in some states, many from soybean fields with uniform cupping injury, suggesting volatilized dicamba is still at work.
Arkansas lawyer fights dicamba damage to crop and trees, warns of arson and intimidation
In May the Arkansas state Plant Board voted to allow farmers to spray the weedkiller dicamba up until June 30 over the top of GM dicamba-tolerant soybeans and cotton. The result has been massive damage caused to crops, trees, and garden plants as the weedkiller drifts off-target. Gale Stewart is a Little Rock lawyer, farm owner, and plaintiff in a lawsuit attempting to limit use of the chemical. She tried, but failed, to obtain a restraining order restricting the spraying permission through the courts. She distributed a moving letter to farmers and others about the ongoing crisis caused by dicamba damage, in which she reports the victimisation of people who oppose the spraying, including "arson and intimidation".
Eastern Arkansas faces potential 650,000 to 800,000 acres of dicamba damage
The Arkansas Department of Agriculture thinks anywhere from 650,000 to 800,000 acres of crops have been damaged by dicamba herbicide drift just in the eastern Arkansas areas they visited on one day. Farmers agree that spraying by one person can devastate thousands of acres of crops. “I don’t know of a field yet that hasn’t been hit,” said the owner of Matthews Sweet Potato Farm.
"Dicamba has caused more damage to American agriculture than anything I have witnessed in my lifetime" – seed company founder
Harry Stine is weighing in on off-target dicamba movement that has occurred in soybeans this month. “In my opinion, dicamba has caused more damage to American agriculture than anything I have witnessed in my lifetime. (And I am old :)),” writes the founder of the Stine Seed Company in Iowa. “The vast majority of dicamba damage goes unreported as farmers do not want to upset their neighbours and they have learned that reporting dicamba damage accomplishes absolutely nothing.”
Herbicides used with GM crops increase antibiotic resistance genes in agricultural soil
Experiments in soil microcosms have found that the application of three widely used herbicides – glyphosate, glufosinate, and dicamba – that are used on GM herbicide-tolerant crops increased the prevalence of antibiotic resistance genes (ARGs) and mobile genetic elements (MGEs) in soil microbiomes without clear changes in the abundance, diversity and composition of bacterial communities. Glyphosate had relatively the largest effect compared to the other two herbicides.
Soybean expansion in South America doubled over past 20 years
Soybean expansion in South America has doubled over past 20 years, according to a new study published in the journal Nature Sustainability. The researchers found that most of the land encroachment for soy has been through taking over pasture previously used for raising cattle. As the pasture is depleted, ranchers move to new areas, which means taking down rainforest. They also found that the largest expansion of soy came in Brazil — the country saw an increase in land dedicated to the crop grow by 160%. Most of the soy grown in South America is GM herbicide-tolerant.
Health Canada extends deadline of public consultation on proposal to allow higher glyphosate concentrations in foods
Canadians can now comment on the federal government’s proposal to increase the amount of glyphosate herbicide residue allowed on certain grains and legumes until Sept 3, Health Canada announced — up 45 days from the original July 20 deadline. “This [extension] is based on the level of interest and number of received to date, in addition to delays related to the COVID-19 pandemic,” says the Health Canada website. To comment on Health Canada’s proposal, click here.
US should follow Mexico and phase out glyphosate
Mexico is phasing out imports of glyphosate and GMO corn. Supporters say that could reverse years of damage from US trade policy. And while the phase-out has significant trade implications for the United States, Tim Wise, senior advisor at the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, said the Biden administration should not only respect Mexico’s right to make change, but consider embracing similar changes. Several US cities have already limited or banned the use of glyphosate.
Biotech industry calls for US enforcement action on Mexico’s continued refusal to approve GMO traits and its proposed GMO ban
The US needs to take enforcement action under the US-Mexico-Canada trade agreement to address Mexico’s continued refusal to approve genetically modified crop traits and to counter Mexico’s threat to ban GMO corn from the human food supply, the biotech industry lobby group BIO’s president and CEO has told lawmakers. Specifically, the BIO CEO said she is worried Mexico’s increasing intransigence towards GMOs will translate into a barrier for products produced using gene editing.
New Roundup cancer trial starting in California
Lawyers representing a woman suffering from cancer are prepared to face off against Monsanto and its German owner Bayer in a California courtroom on Monday in what is set as the fourth trial over allegations Monsanto’s popular Roundup weedkillers cause non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Monsanto has lost three out of three previous trials, with a jury in the last trial – held in 2019 – ordering a staggering $2 billion in damages due to what the jury saw as egregious conduct by Monsanto in failing to warn users of evidence – including numerous scientific studies – showing a connection between its products and cancer. (The award was later shaved to $87 million.)
Bayer gets lift in pre-trial ruling ahead of Roundup cancer trial
A California judge gave Monsanto and its German owner Bayer AG a pre-trial boost in a ruling before the scheduled start of a new courtroom challenge to the safety of Monsanto’s Roundup herbicides. Judge Gilbert Ochoa of the Superior Court of San Bernardino County in California agreed with Monsanto that federal law regarding pesticide regulation and labelling preempts “failure to warn” claims under state law, and the plaintiff in the trial set to start next week will not be allowed to pursue such claims.
Toward deep structural reform of pesticides
Endocrine disruption expert Pete Myers has written the foreword to a new scholarly book that sheds light on the human and environmental impacts from widely used herbicides, offering a potential antidote to the industry playbook downplaying their harm. The book, Herbicides: Chemistry, Efficacy, Toxicology and Environmental Impacts, is published by Elsevier and edited by Robin Mesnage of King's College London and Johann G. Zaller of the University of Natural Resources and Life Science (BOKU), Vienna. It contains a large body of research on glyphosate-based herbicides, as well as other pesticides. In his foreword. Myers describes some important structural reforms that are urgently needed in pesticide regulation.
USA: Tell restaurants to pledge to never serve GMO salmon!
A biotech company is harvesting the first GMO salmon right now. It's shocking because just last year a court found FDA's first-ever approval of this GMO salmon to be illegal because it violated core environmental laws. But until FDA makes a new decision, GMO salmon could still be coming (unlabelled) to your plate in a restaurant, especially if that restaurant buys seafood from Samuel and Sons Seafood, which just announced purchasing this GMO salmon. We are at the tipping point of GMO food animals threatening public health and our environment. Biotech companies are currently developing GMO tilapia, trout, catfish, pigs, and cows. Tell restaurants to protect wild salmon, public health, and the environment by pledging never to serve GMO salmon!
We need a global ban on human genetic engineering, not "governance"
Stop Designer Babies has criticised two World Health Organization (WHO) reports on human gene editing. The WHO says that the reports "provide advice and recommendations on "governance mechanisms for human genome editing". But according to Stop Designer Babies, the reports fail to recommend the obvious solution to the risks of the unregulated creation of GM designer babies – a global ban..”
China’s gene giant harvests data from millions of women.
Genetic dreams, genetic nightmares (audio broadcast): episode 1
In early 1974, responding to the public fears and their own disquiet about how fast genetic engineering techniques were developing, the scientists leading this research revolution called for a global moratorium on genetic engineering experiments until the risks had been assessed. This was followed by a historic meeting of 130 scientists from around the world in 1975 in California. Its purpose was to decide if and how the genetic engineering research could be done safely. It was a rancorous affair but the Asilomar conference is held up as an idealistic if imperfect example of scientists taking responsibility as they developed a powerful new technology. (The second episode in the series is nowhere near as good as the first and contains a number of misleading statements from GMO crop proponents.)
Converting 1.2% of US fruit and veg cropland to organic production would dramatically reduce pesticide risks
A new paper published in the peer-reviewed journal Agronomy reports significant impacts of organic farming systems on pesticide use and the risks stemming from pesticide residues on food. “Organic Farming Lessens Reliance on Pesticides and Promotes Public Health by Lowering Dietary Risks” was co-authored by Heartland Health Research Alliance (HHRA) executive director Chuck Benbrook, with research partners Susan Kegley and Brian Baker. A key conclusion of the team’s analysis is that by converting the 1.2% of US cropland growing fruits and vegetables to organic production, the nation’s farmers could dramatically reduce pesticide dietary exposures and risk.
LOBBYWATCH
GMO purple tomato takes centre stage in deregulation push
For those who wondered whatever happened to Cathie Martin's GM purple "anti-cancer" tomatoes that were hyped to the skies more than a decade ago, they're back – and taking centre stage in an article published in the New York Times Magazine, titled "Learning to love GMOs" and with the subhead, "Overblown fears have turned the public against genetically modified food. But the potential benefits have never been greater". Written by Jennifer Kahn, the article appears to aim at supporting the deregulation push for GMOs. It is stuffed with misleading and false statements, and relies heavily on paid pro-GMO sources like Mark Lynas and Cathie Martin. It conjures up a fairytale world that ignores much of the reality of GM crops. GMWatch has debunked the falsehoods.
Jennifer Kahn’s "Love GMOs" NYT article is propaganda, not journalism
US Right to Know's Stacy Malkan has also deconstructed Jennifer Kahn's New York Times GMO promotional article, "Learning to love GMOs". Malkan writes that the article "hews closely to agrichemical industry talking points: were it not for “fear mongering” consumers and governments insisting on transparency and safety checks, they claim, GMO technology could fulfil its 'potential'.” But Malkan points out that Kahn missed decades of evidence showing that GMO crops have failed to deliver on the kinds of promises upon which she hung her story.
EPA’s pesticide office – a plague on us all
According to PEER (Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility), “One of the most dysfunctional branches of government we have ever encountered is the US Environmental Protection Agency’s Office of Pesticide Programs (OPP). This program is awash with scientific fraud, penetrated by rapidly revolving doors with industry, and infected by deep cronyism, where honest scientists are harassed, and industry hacks get promoted.”
Independent expert evaluations confirm that the Gates-backed Alliance for a Green Revolution has failed to help African farmers
In 2020, an alliance of five African and five German organizations published the study “False promises: The Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa (AGRA)”. This was the first study to scientifically assess the impacts of AGRA – an agricultural alliance registered in the US, which is supported by the Gates Foundation, among others. Central to the study was the question whether AGRA has achieved its own goals of doubling agricultural yields and the incomes of 30 million small-scale food producer households, thereby halving hunger and poverty in 20 African countries by 2020. The study’s findings revealed AGRA’s failure. There is now new evidence of this failure from AGRA itself, which has been analysed by independent experts in a new report.
EU Commission spreading misinformation
The EU Commission has rejected criticism of its report on plants and new GM (gene editing). In a letter to Testbiotech, the Commission stated that there were no new risks associated with plants derived from genetically engineered plants compared to conventionally bred plants, as long as no transgenes were inserted. The Commission is directly repeating claims made by industry and affiliated experts that are contrary to existing scientific evidence. Testbiotech is therefore warning against the spread of misinformation and the disregarding of science.
COVID-19
Did scientists stifle the lab-leak theory?
Sir Jeremy Farrar, director of the Wellcome Trust, was a central figure behind two landmark documents published by influential science journals that played a key role in shutting down discussion of the lab leak hypothesis for over a year by branding it a conspiracy theory. He was also behind some critical conference calls in the earliest days of the pandemic that seem to have made key experts, who we now know privately thought a lab leak highly likely, start saying the exact opposite. Yet Farrar’s account of these events is full of holes and he has refused to answer questions about them, reports Ian Birrell.
Gain-of-function: Should supercharging viruses be banned?
A superb video (in English) from German public broadcaster DW News provides an excellent overview of the concerns around the gain-of-function experiments that aim to increase the transmissibility and virulence of existing viruses. It features a range of experts who say this type of research is extremely dangerous and should be banned or regulated. They also say it has not prevented any pandemics to date or developed any vaccines, and that the COVID-19 outbreak might be the result of an accidental release from a lab that was conducting gain-of-function research..I Want to Help
Amy, a scientist, found herself unemployed and came to volunteer at UMD to help out during a difficult transition period. Not only did she offer much to the program, but the experiences of looking at life through new lenses was a gift to her that will last a lifetime. UMD offers a wide variety of opportunities to help those in need.
Volunteers are needed with a variety of skills and at various times. As you serve, you will meet people that enrich your life as well. For more information on these opportunities visit our Get Involved page.
Financial donations to UMD are always a great way for you to help provide food, clothing, shelter and supportive services to neighbors in need. Donate now or to learn more visit our Donations page.
In-kind donations are regularly used to benefit those in the Shelter, Café and Food Pantry and Clothing closet.
Advocating for change to end homelessness is critical. Get involved with volunteers from UMD and the wider community by contacting our partners through the 10 Year Plan to End Homelessness.
View our award-winning PSA's in the campaign against homelessness donated by Durham's own McKinney Advertising.Trainee Recruitment Consultant
Permanent | £22000 - £24000 per annum + commission and benefits | Greater London | London
Success and money hungry, competitive, tenacious and sharp individual? If this sounds like you, then you might be interested in working in Recruitment at LinuxRecruit..
By joining our Recruitment Academy we'll set you up to win, on a career path to becoming a true 'top biller'.
With lockdown easing, we're so excited to be reunited and to welcome fresh faces to our swanky new London office.
Who are we?
Our team are paving the way for DevOps recruitment across the UK and US, helping scale some of the most interesting engineering focused companies in the world.
The work we do ensures our clients like Deliveroo can deliver hot and tasty food quickly to people on a Friday night, it enables millions of people to watch Ant and Dec on ITV player each Saturday, and buy the best outfits on the social shopping app Depop!
We collaborate with our clients at the forefront of the DevOps community; acting as educators and thought leaders, rather than typical pushy sales types. You usually have to take it with a pinch of salt when an agency says that, but in all honesty there hasn't been a cold-call made in this office since about 2013 (no absurd KPIs - check!).
At LinuxRecruit we treat our candidates like people, not commodities, and we take the 'consultant' part of our job titles seriously.
What's in it for you?
- Be part of our Recruitment Academy, learning the ropes whilst growing alongside a team of entry level consultants
- You'll have access to a development framework that includes workshops, development events, online resources, mentoring and coaching
- Work alongside our highest performers, growing alongside a team that shares successes & wins
-. We've enjoyed luxury villas in Marbella, chartered a boat to sail around the Croatian islands, watched the Euros in Paris, followed by Las Vegas to celebrate a great year.
- £45,000 1st year On Target Earnings
If you're interested in working for one of the country's most forward thinking recruitment agencies, in the heart of the City, then please get in touch with our Internal Recruiter, Robyn asap.Huawei launched the Nova 4 smartphone almost a week back. Huawei Nova 4 is all packed with good features. The in-display Selfie Camera is one of the main features of the smartphone that distinguishes it from the others. The phone is now available for sale at JD.com and Huawei’s Vmall.
Huawei Nova 4 Specs, Price & Availability
The Huawei Nova 4 comes with an in-display 25MP f/2.0 selfie camera. The phone features a 6.4-inch 2310x1080px IPS LCD. In addition to that, it is up to date with Android 9.0 under EMUI 9.0.1. The phone has a 3,750mAh battery that keeps the lights on. Furthermore, it supports 18W fast charging. The Nova 4 has only one memory option of 8 GB RAM and 128GB of onboard storage. However, it has two versions which have different main cameras. One is the High Edition and the other one is the Standard Edition. Additionally, the phone is powered by the Kirin 970 chipset.
The newly launched Nova 4 has two key features. One is the 25MP selfie snapper embedded into the display while the other is the triple camera setup on the rear. The smartphone Nova 4 comes with a 48MP f/1.8 main camera with a 16MP f/2.2 ultra-wide-angle snapper and a 2MP f/2.4 depth sensor. In addition to that, there is another variant available for those who can’t afford it. The cheaper variant will have 20, 16 and 2 MP cameras at the back. Nova 4 Color Options include Honey Red, Blue, Pearl White, and Black. Moreover, Nova 4 Price is set to be CNY 3,099 or CNY 3,399, depending on the version you want to purchase.Somerset County launches economic recovery website
The Somerset County COVID-19 Economic Recovery Task Force, a collaboration of the Board of Chosen Freeholders and the Somerset County Business Partnership, recently announced a new website to assist local businesses with reopening and expanding during the pandemic.
The site at SomersetNJEconomicRecovery.com follows an economic recovery report produced by the task force in July and available at bit.ly/2DPekJA.
“When we initiated the Economic Recovery Task Force in the spring, it was an ambitious effort made up of the Business Partnership, Somerset County Government, and local business leaders to address this unprecedented pandemic,” Freeholder Director Shanel Robinson, a task force founder, said in a statement. “With the release of the initial plan, then the Open for Business Map, and now the website initiative we are working together to ensure Somerset County recovers and thrives in the coming years.”
The initiative is intended to benefit businesses, residents and visitors by accelerating economic recovery and adaptation, increase public safety, further economic policies and capitalize on “next-normal” opportunities, according to the task force.
EARLIER: Somerset County task force developing economic recovery strategies
The new site provides links to resources for businesses, the task force’s July report, and contact forms for businesses seeking assistance in navigating the COVID-19 recovery.
“The web site provides resources for business as we look toward the ‘new normal,’” Business Partnership President/CEO Chris Edwards said in a statement. “As we emerge from these difficult times, hopefully, our efforts will help businesses to thrive.”
Begun in April 2020, the Task Force researched and reported strategies to address the impacts COVID-19 has had on the economy and present details on focus areas and recommendations to ensure a positive impact as Somerset County emerges from the pandemic.
Task Force goals include:
- Accelerate economic recovery
- Promote county benefits
- Create a business accelerator
- Attract the "Next-Gen" workforce
- Create synergies with local organizations
- Connect training and education with new industrial growth
- Engage academic institutions
- Reimagine downtowns
- Repurpose buildings
- Help businesses transform.
“Working with the Business Partnership and local business leaders, we have developed a resource that we are certain will help keep the economy of Somerset County moving forward,” Freeholder Deputy Director Sara Sooy, also a task force founder, said in a statement “We are making sure that Somerset County remains New Jersey’s model for proactive initiatives supporting businesses and residents.”
For information, call 908-218-4300 or email info@scbp.org.
Bob Makin covers Rutgers for MyCentralJersey.com and the USA TODAY NETWORK New Jersey. To get unlimited access to his informative and entertaining work, please subscribe or activate your digital account today.Angharad Reakes, Anne Lines, Christopher Savory
01 November 2004
Public libraries have been established for over a century, providing lending and information services. However, there has been an overall reduction in the number of books being borrowed in recent years, leading to speculation about the future of library services.
This report presents the findings of a study that examined the provision that public libraries offer communities over and above their traditional role as lending and information services.
Key findings concern:
- partnership working
- funding
- targeting user groups
- the role of library staff
- national and local support.
The study makes recommendations both for libraries and for central and local government in response to issues identified.
This report is important reading for all library and information professionals, for local authorities and all groups looking to make more of their library resources.submitted by reidlink29 to ebooks [link] [comments]
submitted by AlphaexCapital to AlphaexCapital [link] [comments]
submitted by AlphaexCapital to AlphaexCapital [link] ] [2884] [3554] [334] [3729] [1820] [447] [2455] [2371] [3733] [5504]
Forex eBooks for Beginners and you, yes, you, the "Forex Guru" Here you will discover the Forex eBooks that give the essential data on Forex exchanging. You can learn essential ideas of the Forex ... Enjoy the videos and music you love, upload original content, and share it all with friends, family, and the world on YouTube..Rock & roll Drummer who rose to fame as a member of the Korean band Bebop. She is also recognized for having published popular drum cover videos on YouTube.
She made her debut with Bebop in 2014.
She appeared on the dramatic television series Naeil's Cantabile.
She is from South Korea.
Both she and fellow musician Taehyung Kim were born in South Korea.The Openpay Group Ltd (ASX: OPY) share price is trading higher on Wednesday after the company announced its official launch in the United States.
At the time of writing, the Openpay share price is 1.81% higher to $1.41.
Openpay live in lucrative US market
Openpay is now live and transacting in the US healthcare market. More specifically, it’s operating in the veterinary sector via its partner ezyVet.
ezyVet is currently distributing Openpay services across its 1,200 US veterinary hospitals and clinics through its leading practice management platform.
“The US specialty veterinary market has high transaction values for procedures such as MRIs, CT scans, and reconstructive surgery,” Openpay said.
“OpyPay is conducting a controlled roll-out with the first live OpyPay ezyVet locations in California, Michigan, Virginia, and Ohio.”
Openpay believes it provides the US market with a differentiated payments solution. It is looking to offer consumers flexible instalment plans designed for larger purchases in sectors including healthcare, dental, auto repair, education, and big-ticket retail.
Management commentary
Openpay’s CEO and Global Chief Strategy Officer Brian Shniderman hailed the milestone:
We’re thrilled to announce the successful US launch of OpyPay – a milestone for the Openpay Group and a clear affirmation of our US strategy.
Our longer, larger, customized installment plans are built for life’s unexpected and important expenses, such as emergency dental surgery, sudden auto repair, and medical care for a beloved pet.
In partnership with ezyVet, OpyPay will be made available to 1,200 US clinics as the rollout progresses – and we look forward to other partnerships to efficiently access our target verticals.
Openpay share price snapshot
The Openpay share price has declined 37% year-to-date, broadly consistent with its struggling small cap peers such as Splitit Ltd (ASX: SPT) and Laybuy Holdings Ltd (ASX: LBY).
However, it’s managed to stabilise in the last three months, holding around the $1.30 to $1.40 level.Our Mission
WSQ-SC is a non-profit 501c (4) social organization. We have two primary objectives:
- To promote and enhance the art of quilting and quilt making by exhibitions, lectures, and workshops offered to our membership and the general public, and
- To foster the conservation and preservation of quilts and increase public awareness and appreciation of quilts through our annual Quilt Show.
Membership Benefits
- Just $25 per year
- Attend quarterly meetings featuring nationally known guest speakers
- Receive the WSQ quarterly newsletter
- Enjoy discounts at participating fabric stores on WSQ meeting days
- Access to the WSQ Quilting Library
- Sell your quilting-related items at the Annual Spring Yard Sale or Fall Quilt Show Boutique
- Receive priority registration for workshops and bus trips
Board of Directors
Our board has 26 positions, consisting of five elected officers and others held by co-chairs who serve a two-year term (or longer). We usually have over 500 members.
We hold quarterly meetings each January, April, July and September at Center Place in Spokane Valley. During our quarterly meetings, WSQ-SC features nationally and regionally recognized quilt related speakers.
Our Committees
WSQ-SC’s major event is the annual Quilt Show.
In addition to the Quilt Show, other fund raising events include our ‘Raffle Quilt’. The quilt is two years in the making our members develop, create and sell raffle tickets throughout the year.
Each year WSQ-SC events include the annual Yard Sale, quarterly Quilting Bees, and several bus trips to quilts shows around the region. Charity Central coordinates the making and giving of quilts to local charities. Every year several hundred quilts, made by members, are donated to various charitable organizations.
Have Questions?
If you have any questions about membership, events, or our organization, please let us know!Dear CATL Division members,
I am writing on behalf of the Executive Committee of the CATL Division to thank you and all nominated candidates for their participation as well as to welcome the newly elected officers:
Prof. Eranda Nikolla, Wayne State University as Chair-Elect
Prof. Bin Wang, University of Oklahoma, Secretary
Prof. Alan Allgeier, University of Kansas, Treasurer
Prof. Kelsey Stoerzinger, Oregon State University, Member-at-Large
Prof. Omar Abdelrahman, University of Massachusetts at Amherst, Member-at-Large
Dr. Anne Gaffney, Idaho National Laboratory, will continue in her role as Councilor
Prof. Nirala Singh, University of Michigan, Alternate Councilor
Please also join me in thanking Prof. Daniel Resasco, University of Oklahoma, Prof. David Flaherty, University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign, Dr. Karthi Ramasamy at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Prof. Friederike Jentoft, University of Massachusetts at Amherst, and Prof. Ya-Huei (Cathy) Chin, University of Toronto for their distinguished service to the CATL Division.
I will take this opportunity to remind you of the upcoming 1 November 2021 deadline for nominations for the ACS Catalysis Lectureship and 30 November 2021 deadlines for nominating a colleague for the 2022 CATL Division Early Career and Exceptional Achievements Awards.
Aditya Bhan, CATL Division ChairDescription
A 2-in-1 miracle worker. This super gentle cleanser is perfect for problem faces that doesn’t respond well to anything – oats soothe and gently polish your skin and hemp seed oil calm any red patches or pimples.
Use as a regular cleanser daily or as a mask treatment when your skin is in need of some intense calm.
All products are made by hand in our workshop in Sheffield, and tested only on Lovely human beings. This product is 100% natural and vegan.- Ilene Price Design
Just When the Caterpillar Thought the World Was Over, It Became a Butterfly
Updated: Jul 21
Sometimes a Metamorphosis Needs to Happen...
No matter how old we get, it is always hard to accept things that didn't turn out the way we wanted them to. We may fall so deep into despair, that we have trouble seeing the light through the darkness. There is always a tomorrow, there is always a first day of the rest of our lives and there is always a new beginning just waiting to happen. We just have to remember to pick ourselves up and continue on life's journey. Sometimes a metamorphosis needs to happen within ourselves. If there were never any changes in life, butterflies would not exist.Written by kirsty@inspireresourcing.co.uk on March 19, 2020. Posted in Uncategorized We’re Open as Usual! We’re open as usual. If you’re looking for temporary work in the following areas, get in touch: general warehouse cleaning FLT driving production op Call 01246 208301 Trackback from your site. Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment.Iphigenia in Splott may hold the record for the most difficult show to pronounce to date (Iff-o-gen-iya) It’s based on a Greek myth and while it does tell a story of a very long time ago, there is a lot to be said for society today. The plot is heavy and with Effie being the solo character providing all of the exposition and dialogue for not only her character, but the entire society around her. Only certain actors are cut out for this role. Fortunately for us, Jessica Clarke who is playing Effie in Red Stitch’s production is a revolution. This part was created for Clarke.
The show is directed by Gary Abrahams, who bought us Pomona, 33 Variations and Angels in America. The reworking of The Story of Iphigenia in Greek Mythology moves away from the human sacrifice and then moves it into a look at people in society who get left behind, while others pursue power and wealth. This all culminates together as an analysis on community and how we treat the ‘have nots’ in our world today.
The combination of important dialogue written by Gary Owen combine with the power and pulse of Clarke’s interpretation of Effie that delivers an insight into both her world and the greater world around her. As the story moves through Clarke’s performance, it gets more and more intense. Her character definitely has a sense of humour about her and it is expertly balanced with the darkness of the evolving story.
Effie comes from a Welsh working-class family and is definitely a reincarnation of the ‘alright’ schoolgirl from The Catherine Tate Show. Effie has all the typical tropes, drinks a lot, partakes in recreational drugs and her circle of friends support the habits and accept her behaviour. Effie does have a boyfriend Kav, who she is more interested in sex with than his personality. That is, until one night at the local pub Effie notices Leigh on a night out with his soldier friends and engages in a night of passion that creates a connection that she just can’t shake. Watching this unfold, it was really hard not to yell out every time Effie makes a wrong decision, self-sabotaging any chance she has to get out of her situation. It was at these moments that I realised just how brilliant this show is.
Jessica Clarke is an absolute master of her craft. Carrying a whole show solely on her shoulders Is no easy feat, but also being able to rein in so much of her character and the swirling society around her shows the incredible range Clarke possesses. Even if the subject matter of the show doesn’t interest you, this is a career defining performance from Clarke that far outweighs the subject matter and is worth seeing for her performance alone.
The set is self-contained, as to be expected, with a table, some chairs and small props to move the scenes into different spaces. The lighting was also notable being able to work in and around the contained set to help accentuate the story and set the scenes.
If you are looking for one of the most incredible performances on the local scene, make sure you see Red Stitch Theatre’s Iphigenia in Splott. Jessica Clarke is a revelation and although this show is playing ‘til the 18th of July, hopefully we get some encore performances. This is a spectacular welcome back to the local Melbourne theatre and is not one to be missed.
Iphigenia in Splott is now playing at Red Stitch’s ‘@Home’ Theatre in St Kilda until the 18th of July.
For more information and ticketing, visit:
Photography by Jodie Hutchinson.In 1970, Manchester Transport Museum Society reproduced Manchester Corporation's 1914 'Rule Book' for its Drivers and Guards. A number of photographs and a fold out map were added. Over 150 pages in this pocket A6 sized reproduction reprint in a hardback cover in very good condition.
Manchester Corporation Tramways - Instructions for Drivers and Guards
SKU: 3119
£7.00Price
Shipping & Returns
see bottom of page
£2.50<<
.
>>IMAGE.
Land, Popular Politics and Agrarian Violence in Ireland: the Case of County Kerry, 1872–86 / Donnacha Seán Lucey
.A Carry On star was turned down for a role playing himself in a film based on a prisoner of war escape plot – because he was “too fat”.
Peter Butterworth auditioned for the part in 1950 classic The Wooden Horse, about how a group of PoWs dug a tunnel out of the Stalag Luft III camp.
However, the casting director said he was not “convincingly heroic or athletic enough” for the role.
When Peter asked what the problem was, he was bluntly told: “You’re too fat.”
He went on to star in 16 Carry On films – more than Hattie Jacques, Bernard Bresslaw and Barbara Windsor – after getting his big break though fellow PoW Tolly Rothwell, who wrote many of the scripts.
The actor’s PoW record, which includes his involvement in two escapes, has become one of the first to be digitised as part of a project undertaken by volunteers at The National Archives
Born in 1915 in Bramhall, Cheshire, Peter was a Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm lieutenant in the Second World War.
However, he spent most of the war as a captive of the Nazis after his plane was shot down in the summer of 1940 on an occupied Dutch island.
He managed a belly landing but one colleague died and another was injured, and Peter was found sitting on the plane wing, shaken and smoking a cigarette.
He was taken under armed guard to his first PoW camp near Frankfurt.
There he and daring fellow captives used soup spoons to dig an escape tunnel from under a bed.
It took them six months but finally 17 of them escaped through the tunnel.
However, Peter was found in woods six weeks later by Hitler Youth, and ended up in Stalag Luft III, near Sagan in Nazi-occupied Poland. There a group of captives began building a tunnel under a gymnastics horse.
Peter helped by vaulting over the horse or standing next to it to make sure it did not fall over and reveal what was happening underneath.
He later helped in the “Great Escape” at the same camp the following year, in which 76 captives crawled through three tunnels from the camp.
By night Peter would organise camp singalongs followed by an especially corny comedy act devised to provoke enough boos to drown out the digging.
After the war, Butterworth – whose wife was Janet Brown, famed for her impersonations of Margaret Thatcher – kept a photo of the concert party line-up as inspiration when he started out on his acting career.
Roger Kershaw, of the National Archives, said: “One of the first items we catalogued was for the film actor Peter Butterworth, who would later become famous for starring in a number of films, including the Carry On series.
“Butterworth played his part in helping prisoners escape but when he later auditioned for a part in the 1950 film The Wooden Horse, the film-makers considered him ‘unconvincingly heroic or athletic enough’.
“This collection complements other series of records held at The National Archives and helps paint a vivid picture of what life was like as a prisoner of war.”
The actor, who died in 1979 aged 63, was also turned down for the 70s TV show Colditz, about the PoW camp that held the most prolific Allied escapers.
But as his career took off he kept quiet about his heroics in the Nazi camps, and being one of the first to take to the air against the Germans.
The collection being put together by The National Archives includes an estimated 190,000 records of individuals captured in German-occupied territory.Create beautiful curls that last with the Sachajuan Curl Treatment, a defining and defrizzing formula for curly hair, which creates a strong foundation for styling.
The Most Important Thing About This Product Is…
The Sachajuan Curl Treatment takes conditioning a step further by offering a more intense, deeper treatment to nurture your hair.
You Will Love This If…
If you have naturally curly hair and you need a more thorough treatment, you’ll love the Sachajuan Curl Treatment; it can be used for up to ten minutes to really get to work on creating soft, lucious and manageable curls.
Hero Ingredients:
This creamy treatment pairs wheat protein with Sachajuan’s cult classic Ocean Silk Technology to strengthen and nourish hair, while helping to banish frizz.
What Hair Type Is It For?
It’s specially designed for curls.
What Does It Feel Like?
Soft, light and creamy, the Sachajuan Curl Treatment can be worked through your hair with ease to envelop each strand in moisture.
What Does It Smell Like?
This hair cream has a comforting, pleasant ‘hair care’ scent.
How Do You Use The Product?
Massage into washed hair and leave on for five to ten minutes before rinsing out thoroughly.
What’s Special About The Bottle?
The treatment is held in a mess-free bottle that has a top that locks into place to limit the risk of leakage.
More from Sachajuan
Sachajuan Curl Conditioner Review
Sachajuan Curl Shampoo Review
How to Choose the Best Hair Oil for Your Hair Type
The Best Styling Products For Men, Chosen By Mendiscuss document export feedback print share Māori › Custom search Build your own search query by linking together filters to focus on your research questions. Search filters Embarkation transport C121351HolliesClem WhartonArmyWorld War II, 1939-194514435 C27875KavanaghNoel Thomas CharlesArmyWorld War II, 1939-194540673 C30910PorterHector CharlesArmyWorld War II, 1939-194562162 165209ClearyHenry Lindsay BurnettArmyWorld War II, 1939-194562498 C122016CockburnJulius NiccolaArmyJayforce, 1945-1948, Jayforce, 1945-194863276 C22691CubittLyttelton LucasArmyWorld War II, 1939-194561952 C131171RossGordon WilliamArmyWorld War II, 1939-194529446 C26774SeniorHarold GeorgeArmyWorld War II, 1939-194562215 C26156SmithFrederick GeorgeArmyWorld War II, 1939-194516343.AthleticsBoyle SportCycling
Stonepark Warrior takes place Sunday
The annual Stonepark Warrior Challenge will take place in Cloonloo on Sunday November 13th.
It will comprise of a 30k cycle and/or 8k fun run or walk.
Registration in Cloonloo Hall from 11am with cycle starting at 11.30am
Optional donations in aid of “stop Suicide” and local amenities.
Refreshments served and great prizes to be won.A-1 RESIDENCE
SIMPLE STANDOUT
COLLABORATORS : AR. CLAIRE CUA
In collaboration with Architect Claire Aisa Cua, the A-1 House is a modern residence that aims to make a statement.
Located along the main road and directly in front of a T-Junction, the design intent of the house was to stand out amongst the other newly constructed residences in the area.
Using large and brightly colored concrete frames, canopies, and sunshading devices, The A1 House easily jumps out with the use of high contrast combinations . These components enhance the overall functionality of the house by providing shades and beauty while allowing natural daylight and ventilation to penetrate the interiors through the large awning windows and full height louvered windows that are strategically located.Personalise a double feeder for your cat or small breed dog, these are beautiful additions to your pets feeding space..
To personalise just let us know the name you'd like in the 'Personalise your order' section!
Size: 30cm x 15cm x 6cm • water resistant • made from solid wood
BOWLS INCLUDEDWe've gotten a whole lot of comments thus far from our first open thread for today's proceedings, and so we'll move the conversation for the remainder of the draft and the post-draft stuff over to here.
As it stands right now, the Vikings are getting ready to make the fourth of their four sixth-round selections at #200 overall, and they have two seventh-rounders in their pocket as well. Quite frankly, from the Vikings' standpoint, this draft should be called the McDonald's draft. . .because thus far, I'm lovin' it!
(No, no McDonald's product placement here.)
Remember, there isn't going to be an undrafted free agency rush like there is most years. . .thank you, NFL labor strife. . .so once the draft concludes in a few hours here, then that's pretty much it until the legal wrangling allows something to happen.
So, keep on conversing here, ladies and gentlemen, and keep hoping that the Vikings will continue to select well.>>
Training of the monthApril 30, 2016Fuel Filler Door for 2008-2012 Liberty KK
Item: 82211021AB
Manufacturer: Mopar
Availability: Ships in 3-5 Days
*Does not include orders shipped to AK, HI, & PR
*Not valid on skid plates, rock rails, bumpers, body kits, some cargo liners, soft tops and certain oversize items.
Fuel Filler Door for 2008-2012 Liberty KK
Give your Jeep Liberty a sporty look by adding a unique Chromed Aluminum Fuel Filler Door. Easy No Drill installation, Smooth door operation, and meets all Chrysler corrosion standards.
Chromed Aluminum Fuel Filler Door; Includes single-piece fuel door with factory style hinge.
Item # 82211021AB
REVIEWS
1602880230
Review Summary
5.0
1 Reviews
5
100% (1)
4
0% (0)
3
0% (0)
2
0% (0)
1
0% (0)
100% Recommend this product (1 of 1 responses)
By Jon
Stratford, CT
Adding Style and Ruggedness to my Liberty
October 3, 2020
I had been wanting this for some time and saw one recently on a Commander. I like the way the chrome is accentuates this and makes it stand out and blend in at the same time. Chrome against silver really works nicely. And the Machined faux rivets add a nice durable look. I highly recommend it for your Liberty of any color.
I really like the way this chrome door makes my Liberty shine. One more reason to love my Jeep! Thanks Just for Jeeps!!
I really like the way this chrome door makes my Liberty shine. One more reason to love my Jeep! Thanks Just for Jeeps!!
ProsEasy instructions to follow to remove old door and install new door.Project
Itad is providing the Evaluation Management Unit to assess the West Africa Food Markets Programme's relevance, efficiency, sustainability and impact. replication.
Itad is providing the Evaluation Management Unit (EMU) to assess, on a longitudinal basis, WAFM’s relevance, effectiveness, efficiency, sustainability and impact. A key aspect of the evaluation is that it will contribute to a learning process to improve the delivery of the programme and the effects it achieves.
Itad’s evaluation design has been tailored to take account of the unique facets of WAFM and the challenges of undertaking rigorous longitudinal evaluation for market development programmes, based on lessons from Itad evaluations of market development programmes.
Image © Ghana, Krokrobeach in Kokrobite Photo Credit: Goran Hoglund (CC BY-ND 2.0)Stevia Corp is Looking Strong
Stevia Corp (OTCMKTS:STEV) is exchanging lower in late sessions on developing volume. STEV is a stock with a background marked by huge moves running from well under a dime to $0.339 highs this time a year ago.
On April 20 STEV reported natural chemist and previous MD Anderson Cancer Researcher Dennis Hill has acknowledged a position on Stevia Corp’s. recently framed Advisory Panel. Dennis Hill has separated himself as being one of only a handful few individuals on record on the planet that accomplished finish reduction of growth exclusively using cannabis without traditional tumor treatment, for example, radiation or chemotherapy.
Stevia Corp (OTCMKTS:STEV) is a ranch administration organization and medicinal services organization concentrated on growing very dietary, high esteem items through exclusive plant reproducing, astounding rural approachs and inventive post-reap strategies.
STEV works various divisions in stevia and mechanical hemp and just achieved benefit as indicated by their keep going 10Q documented on November 19.
The energy on stevia is obvious and numerous foresee it is bound to end up the primary road workhorse characteristic high strength sweetener available. Stevia is a sweetener and sugar substitute separated from the leaves of the plant species Stevia rebaudiana.
The dynamic mixes of stevia are steviol glycosides, which have up to 150 times the sweetness of sugar is warmth stable, pH-stable, and not fermentable. These steviosides negligibly affect blood glucose, which makes stevia alluring to individuals on sugar controlled weight control plans. Stevia’s taste has a slower onset and longer span than that of sugar, and some of its concentrates may have a biting or licorice-like delayed flavor impression at high fixations.
STEV President George Blankenbaker who has lived in Asia for a considerable length of time initiated the Company’s advancement of high Reb-A Stevia cultivating in Vietnam and in addition secured essential circulation through PureCircle, the industry’s driving stevia refiner.Ghana | 22 arrested at “lesbian wedding”
The crackdown against the LGBTQ community in Ghana continues as police arrest 22 people at a gathering claimed to be a lesbian wedding.
According to the website Ghana Web, police raided the party on Saturday 27 March in Kwahu-Obomeng, in the south of the country.
A journalist said that the gathering of around 50 people was to celebrate the marriage of two women. The venue was reportedly appropriately decorated and what seemed to be a wedding cake was visible in a picture posted by the website.
In a video said to depict the chaos of the raid, a man believed to be a police officer is heard showing “Arrest everybody!” Another individual is heard saying “We will burn them, we will burn all of them.”
The participants and other media reports, however, have stated that the event was a birthday party and not a wedding as claimed by a local chief and elders who alerted the authorities.
The Rustin Times quoted Sergeant Francis Gomado of the Eastern Regional Police Command stating in a radio interview: “There was no marriage going on, or there was no blessing of a marriage ceremony between two ladies.”
It’s believed that the individuals who were arrested are still being held for contravening Covid-19 regulations but that more charges could be added pending an investigation.
The opening of an LGBT+ community centre by the group LGBT+ Rights Ghana in late January in the capital Accra recently sparked a wave of virulent homophobia from religious leaders and the media.
The event led to a widespread backlash and even death threats against members of the organisation and the LGBT community as a whole. Under pressure from religious leaders, the centre was raided and shut down by security forces.
Consensual male homosexuality, described as “unnatural carnal knowledge”, is illegal in Ghana, with penalties including three years’ imprisonment. The fear of being outed, stigmatised and possibly arrested makes LGBT people especially vulnerable to extortion.
In a statement published by Erasing 76 Crimes, the African Equality Centre said: “We feel disappointed in the whole system, including the government and the media, which have allowed homophobia and hate to flourish in Ghana. Religious opinions are considered supreme, [superceding] even the basic rights protected by the Ghanaian Constitution.”
A Go Fund Me campaign has been launched to raise funds to support the LGBT community in Ghana.
THREAD: Video shows police officers arresting queer people
Ghana Police Service have arrested 22 LGBTQ+ persons at a gathering which the Chief of Kwahu Obomeng and his Elders claim was a “lesbian wedding”, while attendees say it was a “birthday party”
Media interviews below… pic.twitter.com/HaNKHXr0IR
— African Equality Centre (@aec_gh) March 29, 2021
We have temporarily changed our profile picture, to express our stand with the LGBTIQ+ community in Ghana. Their struggles, are our struggles, and we will always be in solidarity because this is our fight too. #GhanaGetsBetter #QueerGhanaianLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/fYwkw3cqmZ
— Pan Africa ILGA (@PanAfricaILGA) March 31, 2021Return Policy
Terms of Change ? Claim of product
1. Customer is able to refuse to accept such product if the problem is found such as wrong model, color, unfulfilled amount, etc.
2. Customer must firstly notify the problem of claim-return of the product in every case at Kokliang Pharmacy Call Center 0-2431-2944.
3. Incomplete product due to the product itself are able to notify for the change/return provided that the inspection for proving shall be proceeded.
4. Company.
Remark : The following products are not refundable
– Special Made to Order products.
– Clearance/Special price products.
– Products have a limited period of use.
– Products does not suit the customers’ personal tastes and styles.
** To Change or Claim the products, Customer need to notify the problem within 7 days after received the shipments or services. We can replace the product within 7-14 days or else we can change you another model or cancel an order.
“Product carries the warrant from company to enhance trust to the purchaser to have the product with quality and excellent after-sale satisfaction directly from the company. As for claiming the product and further questioning for information related to the product, please contact our call center”
Terms for the Cancellation of Purchase and Return of Product
Should the problem occurred upon the receipt of product and/or service, the Company reserves the rights to consider accepting the return of product in accordance with the specified condition provided that the consideration of Kokliang company.
Channels for the Change-Return of Product
If the problem occurred upon receiving the product, please contact by mail to webmaster@kokliang.com or contact to Kokliang Call Center 0-2431-2944.Upon receiving change-return confirmation for the product and service from, the customer has 2 options as follow:
– Submit the change-return of product through Thai Post Office or Courier Service to :
Kokliang Pharmacy Ltd.,Part.
232/6? Moo 13? Soi Phetkasem 95? Phetkasem Rd.
Omnoi?? Katumban Samuthsakorn?? 74130
For the Change-return of product, the customer must contact Courier staff and be responsible for the transportation fee first until the inspection of product and company shall contact the customer.
– Customer personally contact on his own at Kokliang (Under the condition of change-return of the product) at address above.
Refund the price of product and service: reserves the rights to not refund the price of products and services in Cash for every cases. will refund an amount to customer by these following method:
1. Refund Note : Refund as a coupon to be used as cash for purchasing product at by return within 7 days after the Company’s confirmation to accept the return.
2. Transfer into account: Refund to the customer’s bank account by return within 7-15 days after the Company’s confirmation to accept the return.
3. Credit Voucher: Refund the credit amount to customer’s credit card by return within 15 days after the Company’s confirmation to accept the return.Father Saluting His Daughter Will Motivate Many Girls
Glad MOMENT FOR THE ASSAM RIFLES FAMILY: DAUGHTER GETS COMMISIONED AS AN OFFICER IN THE INDIAN ARMY It was a proud momen for the Assam Rifles Family when on 20 Nov, the girl of Hav KS Negi of 20 Assam Rifles was authorized as an Officer into the Indian Army.
Lt Ekta Negi was dispatched in the Corps of Army Air Defense. The glad dad is seen recognizing the recently authorized official, his little girl, Lt Ekta Negi.
Resources
Guidelines For Action
Getting Started
Here are some beginning ideas for those interested in building the capacity and usefulness of their neighborhoods. They are what natural connectors have learned to do and what is within the reach of all of us — introverts, loners, backyard dwellers, those who have little spare time.
You can get started by reading John’s call to action. Or visit the pages on gifts, hospitality and associations. The Connector’s Table page in this section is to help you start connecting gifts, hospitality and associations in your neighborhood. Food for Thought … and Action is the gateway to community-minded readings and recordings to support your efforts.
Recommended Reading
Books, Articles, Blogs and More
Peter & John’s recommendations, plus suggested reading from people in our community
Recommended Links
People, Organizations and Partners
Links to our partners and to people and organizations whose work we like
Author Bios
People, Organizations and Partners
Links to the bios for authors and contributors to the siteFrom Liège, Belgium, the Orchestre Philharmonique Royal de Liège—under the baton of their musical director Gergely Madaras—join prize-winning French cellist Victor Julien-Laferrière for one of the monuments of cello music, plus a less frequently heard gem of the symphonic genre!
Soloist and orchestra open the concert with Dvořák’s immortal Cello Concerto (a work they also recorded together earlier in 2021): a masterpiece of equilibrium between orchestra and cello, full of dazzling contrasts, strikingly original melodic lines, and an unforgettable, poignant melancholy that gives way to a major-key apotheosis in the final moments. The orchestra continues the evening with their signature piece, a work by hometown hero César Franck (born in Liège in 1822) to kick off a year of celebrations for his 200th birthday: the Symphony in D Minor, a golden example of cyclic form in musical writing, with thematic material unifying all three movements. It would be difficult to find a better ensemble-work pairing to celebrate Franck’s bicentennial: since its founding in 1960, the OPRL has interpreted the symphony, which helped establish Franck’s international reputation, more than 100 times.
Photo: Gergely Madaras © Alice Blangero
This concert is given as part of the César Franck (1822-2022) bicentenary of the Orchester Philharmonique Royal de Liège (OPRL)
Liège Royal Philharmonic
Mahler's reconstructed "Titan" performed on per...“A new revolution is underway in the industrial world supported by equipment connectivity, technology and data. It will have an impact on each and every company department, changing completely the layout where they develop their activities. Industry 4.0 will result in an optimization of the industrial processes, reducing, therefore, costs and busting productivity gains.”
ThEbony Classic Diaper Bag
Regular price $175.00
$0.00
Product Details:
-
- Premium quality vegan leather in Ebony
- Wipeable and stain-resistant nylon interior lining
- Premium YKK zippers
- Custom matte gold hardware
- 13” wide x 15” high x 7” deep
- 24” backpack strap 47” shoulder strap (at longest length)_edited.jpg)
Q:
_edited.jpg)
Hair and Makeup
ATX Bride - $475
Includes a 2.5 hour trial run,
and hair + makeup for your special day. This includes airbrush, lashes, and a bridal touch up kit.
Makeup ATX - $310
Makeup day of wedding and trial
this includes a one hour trial run and makeup for your wedding day, including airbrush, lashes, and a mini touch up kit.
Hair only- $280
Day of wedding and trial
this includes a one hour hair trial and hair for your special day.
A'la carte
Options are available including
Day of hair and makeup only - $350
Day of wedding makeup only - $250
Day of wedding hair only - $225
Hair and makeup trial only - $250
Makeup trial run only - $175
Hair trial run only - $170
Request for Codie on special day - $250
Touch ups during reception - $150 an hour
Rehearsal hair and makeup- $220
Engagement hair and makeup - $175
Tattoo cover up - starting at $30
Bridal party, moms, family and friends
Makeup and Hair $180
this includes hair and makeup for the day of. Airbrush and lashes are included in this package.
Full makeup application including airbrush and lashes - $100
Hair only -$90
Grandmother - full makeup application - $80
Grandmother - hair - $60
**Prices are non-negotiable
_edited.jpg)
_edited.jpg)
Boudoir - starting at $160
Headshots- starting at $150
Senior portraits - starting at $140
Lessons- 90 min one on one interactive session- Starting at $200
We also offer group lessons!!! Ask us about our group rates!
Going out?? WANT TO BE PAMPERED? Makeup ATX offers on-location services!!A two-year extension to the Brexit transition period must be agreed to avoid further damaging the virus-hit economy, Scotland’s constitution secretary will tell UK Government ministers.
Mike Russell will attend a virtual meeting of the Joint Ministerial Committee (EU Negotiations) on Thursday, which involves ministers from the devolved nations and the UK Government.
The meeting is the first since January and Mr Russell plans to use it to press his demand for a Brexit extension.
The UK Government has previously ruled out any extension, saying it has “no intention of changing” the December 31, 2020, date for ending the transition period.
Under the terms of the Withdrawal Agreement, the Brexit transition period can be extended for up to two years if a request is made before June 30 this year.
Speaking in advance of the meeting, Mr Russell said: “In the midst of a global pandemic we urgently need an extension to the current transition period – which keeps the UK close to the EU – so that jobs and the economy will not face a further major hit on top of the coronavirus crisis at the end of the year.
“I will be setting out the case to UK Government ministers for a two-year extension to the transition period, to give businesses time to recover from the Covid-19 shock, and to allow time to negotiate, ratify and implement an agreement, rather than, as looks increasingly likely, heading for a disastrous no deal outcome.
“The UK Government has failed to engage properly with any of the devolved governments throughout the Brexit process and this week it published two highly significant documents – on the EU future relationship legal texts and a command paper setting out the UK’s approach to the Northern Ireland Protocol – neither of which were discussed with the Scottish Government. That is unacceptable.”Repatriation: returning a deceased person’s body to the Netherlands
If your partner, relative or friend has died in a foreign country, you can have their body returned to the Netherlands for the funeral (repatriation). An insurer or international funeral director can help you..
Was the deceased person insured?
First find out whether the deceased person had supplementary health insurance, travel insurance or funeral insurance with cover for repatriation in the event of death.
What do you need to arrange abroad?
If you are getting assistance from the emergency call centre or an international funeral director, they will usually make all the arrangements in the foreign country. If you are with the deceased person in the foreign country and have not yet received any help, follow the steps below.
If you have any problems, we can help you.How Tinder Boosted My Self-Esteem
For instance, these might be deal-breakers for a few people; cigarette smoker, workaholic, really loves 420, etc. Having made both of these listings prior to your re search for the partner is important. I think we all know how easy its to falter on the plain things we value whenever we’re sitting across from some hottie whom checks some, not most of the boxes. Woman. You deserve an individual who checks most of the boxes. And, whenever you’re prepared to really start looking for them, you’ll find them. We guarantee it. Heidi is a presenter, relationship and author specialist. She works with people to identify and alter patterns that are painful their relationships. She can be found by you at Her book that is first prepared: How I Stopped Fucking Randos and Started Cupcaking My Soul Mate is now available right here on Amazon.slut roulette model
Her book that is first prepared: How I Stopped Fucking Randos and Started Cupcaking My Soul Mate is now available right here on Amazon. Signup for the Newsletter Get Us in Your Inbox! Online Dating, Intercourse, and union guidance recommendations in Your Inbox… Follow @theurbandater Like this:Like Loading… we’ll begin unfortunately are going to be referred to as “Velcro” from right here on) ended up being displaying a suit that is custom-made geriatric, velcro footwear. These footwear are probably the ugliest males’s footwear available, people. Me explain the rest of this date before we dive deep into this shoe dilemma, let. (enjoyable reality, Velcro simply texted me personally to probably say, “you already fully know this, but you’re an employer kisser.”- aw shiiiiiit, getting emotions currently) we show up at this restaurant that is trendy STARVING because I worked out early and didn’t consume prior so I’d actually have an appetite for this date. We walk in, in which he was sitting at a dining table and mentioned making a booking, so I assume I am being fed by him. Incorrect. He says, “Hey so I’m certainly not hungry, are you good with only drinks?” We reply, “Um NO, I am starving but now this is certainly so… that is weird Then Velcro claims, “Oh yeah, i am not hungry either – We’ll simply purchase a glass or two.” Fuck. My.
Life! Side note—I am those types of ladies who gets hangry. Just in case you don’t know what hangry is, we’ll keep it to the Urban Dictionary: An amalgum of hungry and upset created to explain that feeling when you have when you are away at a restaurant and possess been waiting over a full hour getting the dinner that you have actually ordered. – Source And I need to consume every hours that are few: we refurbished my kcalorie burning, and also by doing this, you have to eat/snack every 2-3 hours. I get restless and irritated super quickly; it’s not a good look when I don’t eat. The ethical of this relative part note? FEED ELLE AFTER WHICH FEED ELLE MOAR! So our company is chatting, and Velcro admits he is a Republican. Well, shit. I would personally have swiped kept, but you didn’t have that in your profile. Velcro admits many girls in DC swipe left on Republicans which is why he omits that detail from their profile.
By contrast, my final Tinderfella’s profile read: a bad hombre buying woman that is nasty. Clever and instantly we knew, he had their mind screwed on straight. But anyways, back again to Velcro. Therefore he tips me personally into this one but describes he’s not a Trump supporter. Okay, ok… Then we discuss faith. He is Jewish and would like to raise their children by doing this but does not care if their spouse is Jewish or not. Ummmm… we’m not going to raise my kids consistently soooo yeaaaah… He does want to relocate to Ca quickly, that will be okay, I am able to get straight down with that. He is additionally wearing a customized suit he looks sharp that I like, and! Oh! another relative part note, Velcro understands my roomie.
For him to come back to my place and surprise him since he knows my roommate, we planned. We both drove therefore he follows me personally back again to my abode that is humble and outline our plan. Let’s walk in keeping hands. We’ll yell at my roomie to come out I met my soulmate because I think. He will come out, see you, freak down, and you state I think we’re gonna get married, this woman is ideal, he can laugh, and it’ll be great. That was the setup for the good joke that is practical. We stay glued to the plan, and my roomie is surprised needless to say. Then we all hang out for the bit on the couch, and that is whenever the shoes are noticed by me.
Oh, these footwear are sufficient to make you want to leap a bridge off and end it all at this time (they’re almost as bad as this horrific footwear collaboration). A personalized SUIT AMONG VELCRO, GERIATRIC SHOES?! WHAT THE F*CK? I can’t think the things I have always been seeing… I do have fetish that is weird dudes with a great taste in footwear (Gucci/Ferragamo/Tod’s loafers are my kinda scene), but I am able to deal with a crucial Nordstrom loafer… just What I can’t cope with is this.
The Wardrobe in Review.
I can’t stop staring, and I am made by it feel kinda sick. The fellas catch through to life, and my date is finally ready to leave. Our date started at 7:30 pm it is now 10:30 pm and I also have not consumed since 3 pm… My level that is hangry is an all-time high, and I also feel sick after seeing this terrible piece of base vomit. We go to walk to him to the elevator, in which he says…. “So this is what I think we should do…you are perfect, and I also’d love to see you again, I know we dropped the Republican bomb on your mind, if you never want to see me personally again. so I understand” we sit here quietly and ponder my next move…. Those shoes are pretty horrendous, but he had been a great guy that is enough How do I break this tie…I am very fifty/fifty on Velcro at this time in the date. Maybe. So I relocate closer and kiss him. Yes, we kissed him first.
It was very good, hey, let’s give this kid one more shot so I decided. If those footwear look again, though…i am gonna have to phone this one quits. And so I pull straight back and say, “I think we can do a date…if that is second had been a bad kisser my answer would’ve been no because who would like to waste their time.” He then kisses me personally again. This time around it is even better.topadultreview.com Wednesday…are you free Thursday?“So I know you have another second date” “Actually, on Thursday I will be having an ex-tinderfella supper at my house so my roomie make some brand new, male friends…” “You’re kidding, right?” “No, these guys had been great but simply not my kind, and now i am good friends I think Arash will likely like them both so I invited them all over for dinner Thursday. using them, and” Silence. “Damn, you are adorable and absolutely hilarious. We’ll allow your schedule influence date two then…” “Perfect, We’ll always check my calendar and let you know. Ciao, ciao!” I am very fifty/fifty on this guy like I said before. You never know what will happen and I also have always been working on being more open-minded Maybe Velcro will i’d like to throw away all of their footwear? Here, Online Dating Tagged in: ask the metropolitan dater, attraction, Dating, very first date, Online Dating, Intercourse, solitary, tinder then perhaps you should think about taking on something a little more adrenaline fuelled if you are looking to treat your new squeeze to a more action-filled date out. The good conventional staples of typical relationship often find prospective loves that are new up in cinemas, fulfilling up for the beverage or enjoying a meal together in a restaurant. But maybe you should consider one of the after to add a little bit of adrenaline and thrill to your date? WHITE LIQUID RAFTING For the thrills that are few potential spills heading down a raging river with your date would certainly be a unforgettable one.
White water rafting is needless to say not necessarily an option that is easily accessible daters especially reliant on whereabouts you live or where you’ll be fulfilling your date. However it is a fantastic and day that is fun as long as your new buddy is thrilled to tackle the quick and furious waves. PAINTBALLING Paint-balling offers a enjoyable day out and it is an opportunity that is great daters to enjoy some shoot-em-up action running around the forests and blasting one another with balls of paint. Although fighting it out are enjoyable perhaps you are regrettable sufficient to split up into groups and your love-interest that is new may become the enemy. This’ll leave both of you separated for the lot of the time, that will be not ideal whenever you’re trying to make it to understand one another.A PARTICULAR DATE DURING THE CASINO Whether you’re a high roller or a newbie the casino experience can invariably be a great particular date no matter if it is simply someplace to end the night on. You’ll both enjoy the excitement of putting a bets that are few getting covered up together in the environment. You may even want to always check the types out of Pokie games available at Royal Casino to give you an idea what you can get from your own visit to the casino. DAILY OUT AT A THEME PARK an choice that is excellent your date enjoys a few white knuckle trip experiences on his or her downtime. Apart from the selection that is exciting of trips and roller coasters you’ll take comfort in riding there are additionally an abundance of other entertaining things to do for a theme park day out. There are lots of eateries, lots of sideshow games getting tangled up in and many other things. You can even on the annoying part and I also’m undoubtedly convinced our visitors are really fucking with us… In virtually any case, I’m going to provide this up and give it the ol’ college take to.
Tell Me personally Lies: Why Date Two is Harder to Score Versus Date One.
I’ve simply no issue guys that are getting make out with me… like none. But i’ve a problem that is huge them to inquire of me personally out on times, i am almost 21 plus the only date i have ever endured is to homecoming. now I’m not slutty, really i am a virgin and I also dress such as for instance a sophisticated young lady and all sorts of that jazz, and everyone constantly talks about the way I have actually this gleaming and personality that is warm. Then why is it that I can’t get an actual date if that’s the case and I’m so likeable?
that is amazing, would you. A girl who’s got no problems guys that are getting make out along with her… Hmmm. Never ever happens. Ever! Oh wait, dudes will kiss or stick their cock in only about something that moves for nothing more than the excitement, no matter how low priced! Maybe you’re not damn likeable after all. Have actually you seriously considered that? No, it fucking be meant by me. What if you are simply a person that is average errs on the part of shitty-ness? It happens. You could be a legend in your mind; you could be delusional; you could be a bitch that is psychotic no one could tell anything to… That could be it. You could also be a gigantic cock-tease as well, getting dudes in order to make out it could be any number of things, really with you, but no second base; the ground rule double doesn’t apply here.
but, i am simply planning to go along with that you’re hot non-slutty and femme that is non-violent. AVOID MAKING OUT AMONG RANDOMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Why buy the cow whenever the milk can be got by them 100% free? Men are truly creatures that are simple oftentimes guided by their goddamned pecker. How can I understand this? Because I am a simple creature, additionally guided by my humorously pecker that is small. In the event that you give this sort of love to dudes without also happening a date, you are establishing the incorrect precedent; that you are easy and that you are a tease… We’m yes neither of those is true, at minimum that is my presumption. the Urban Dater’s 5 Tips to Get a man to inquire of You Out Show your best asset(s) – in a classy non-attention grabbing kind of way if you have great legs, work em, a nice smile flash it, the same goes for your other natural attributes; but you’re a classy lady, so do it. At the least this will get a man’s attention Flirt – Few things are more of the turn on compared to a flirt that is good. Good and witty back and forth banter produces energy that is good two folks who are interested in one another. Do not be afraid to flip the hair on your head and bat those eyelashes for the guy that is cute. Be– that is assertive, dudes are expected to ask you out, nonetheless they’re not doing that. Why? that knows. I do not but not ask you out because they don’t know if you’re currently talked for or not. Making certain to say that you’re “on the marketplace” I would personally state is useful. While don’t need to blurt it out either. You can hint as I said, we men are simple creatures“if I had a guy to take me to…” or simply blurt “being single sucks…” I know I said you don’t need to blurt, but. Every hint assists. Friendships are not constantly about the relationship – the“Can that is old and women be buddies” conundrum. That they can’t be friends while I strictly disagree that a man and woman are “just friends” in the purest sense, it doesn’t mean. Having said that, if there’s a guy that is cute you are buddies with there’s a solid chance he would like to ask you out, if he is not currently taken. Why doesn’t you be asked by him out for a date? He could just want to do you dirty between the sheets, or he simply does not know how to. Make no mistake, though, your friends that are male find you appealing one way or another. That’s the step that is first. Getting them to act on the interest is the trick and you can”“help them understand it is their concept. Hints get a way that is long. Now stop kissing randoms and get do a little flirting that is damn you butt-hole!
this really is most likely where we have known as a pussy ( I will be the things I consume most likely), however a guy needs to the office for the female’s love. He should pursue her; he should earn that very first kiss in which he should show their sincerity. I truly think those things. But, it can’t be the blind leading the blind, a lady has to, in her way that is own a guy that she actually is interested. With that in mind, get get comes down to…texting. Not as well-versed as being a page.
Not as normal as being a phone call. But functions a component that is huge exactly how we carry and portray ourselves. Texting is like other grace that is social along with it comes technique. Here are five facets that can amp your texting really game. Time delivered The time you delivered the text plus the distance between texts delivered can have a ton actually of implications. 5am- bird morning. 9am-11am- You’re the thing that is first think about after waking up. 12pm-2pm- I’m thinking about you throughout the just as much using the schedule of the text. Texting everyday- we feel just like we’ve established rapport that is enough I’m chasing you really wholeheartedly. Every other day/few days- Very interested and would like to keep rapport. Every- I want to check in with you week. Sporadically- I’m faintly interested in you and orbiting. In conclusion, adjust the right period of the text delivered for the desired implication. Length The text size should match the familiarity and occasion of relationship because of the individual. Steer clear of paragraphs in the early stages of texting. It might cause individuals to rely greatly on phone displays to establish rapport. Make certain for, let’s state, every phrase of text you deliver, you’ve currently have had a worth that is paragraph’s of conversation with this specific individual. Emojis, Images, GIFS, and other news Emojis are a definite good giveaway to deliver a message that is romantic.
There is a good curve that is upward is sold with emojis but don’t overdo it and text five flashlights and a strawberry. That simply does not even add up in emoji world. Utilize GIFs sparingly. Those are addicting! And…well, our conversations should sparkle in other ways aside from the animations we’re sending. Photos, especially of places or tasks you have just recently been at, are excellent techniques to enhance your texting game! Another element is added by it of secret, intrigue, and character that the receiver can fawn over. Tone Tone associated with the texts is every thing. You’re very laid-back and non-committal if you’re abbreviating everything in lol, k, jk, brb, omw, wyd, and sup. While, if you’re texting very articulately with succinct punctuation, it carries a more uptight, severe tone. You’ll bounce in between these two emotions. Vary your texting tone simply it up while speaking like you would vary.
Gamechangers mind teasers, puzzles, “accidental texts,” inside jokes, screenshots, poems, tracks, links, articles, drawings, quotes, typos, subliminal and/or suggestive sentences, and language. Tons and tons of good descriptive language that feeds the imagination. There it is had by you. Once you’re done understanding more of this anatomy of the text, you’ll master it in no time. Needless to say, reactions vary however these are habits I’ve discovered quite constant. Experience and exposure is key. Therefore heat your thumbs up and start texting! Signup for the Newsletter Get Us in Your Inbox! Online Dating, Intercourse, and union guidance recommendations in Your Inbox… Follow @theurbandater Like this:Like Loading… Share This Article Facebook1Tweet0Pin0 published in: Dates & Details, Tips & Advice training can be quite a very fun and activity that is beneficial partners doing together. There are many great aspects of these exercises that are joint will simply make your relationship bloom. These 14 good reasons for joint partners’ workouts, will most definitely convince you to definitely grab your loved one’s hand and start your fitness that is joint journey when today. Invest quality time together Working out together is one of the best ways for you yourself to invest some quality time with your significant other. There are many exercises that are different you can try together.
For instance, you can get jogging, trip bikes, and take turns weight that is spotting. Additionally, you can try testing your limits by simply making the workouts much harder as you progress. The talk can be done by you Test aswell and see whether it is possible to hold a discussion with simplicity also while doing exercises. Constant motivation partners whom practice physical fitness together are shown to stay glued to their workout plans. Let’s face it. Among the most difficult parts of exercises gets yourself up and experiencing inspired to actually perform some workouts. And since constituency is key, you need a complete large amount of inspiration to help keep going. Well, by working out together you will be giving one another that really much motivation that is needed. If you reside together, that’s even better. Be each other’s support that is emotional.
Cheer for each other and remain healthy and fit together. Improve the effectiveness of your exercises It has been proven by numerous experiments that people tend to have a much better capacity to do an activity in someone presence that is else’s. You might currently feel competent sufficient, but bringing along your partner that is romantic will undoubtedly help raise your power production even more. The current presence of your partner during a workout session shall improve your rate, and also you won’t even spot the impact they’ve been making on you. This really is one of the best methods for you to make sure you are getting top out of your workout. You’ll try much harder to perform your objective and end that is you’ll feeling more satisfied because of the outcomes. As already mentioned, this will only furthermore motivate both of you to out keep working. Be happier in your relationship exercising promotes endorphins, the chemical that is happy and helps our brain produce more dopamine.The 21-year-old victim of the Brent Cross shopping centre stabbing was fatally wounded after a fight broke out outside Marks and Spencer, according to witnesses.
One horrified onlooker told the Evening Standard that they watched as the victim was stabbed during a fight between a group of 'young guys outside of M&S'.
Privacy screens were put up outside the shop as paramedics tried to save the man's life with a defibrillator, but sadly he died at the scene.
One witness told the Standard: "I was waiting in a queue and I saw a fight [between a group of] young guys outside of M&S, they got the attention of security, staff and everyone.
"I saw them fighting and then one fall on the ground. People rushed to help him as the other youngsters escaped."
Police were called at 6.45pm yesterday, May 4 following reports of a group of males fighting. Officers attended and found a 21-year-old man who had been stabbed.
First aid was started by officers, members of the public and the London Ambulance Service. The London Air Ambulance were also called. Despite their best efforts, the man died at the scene..
Efforts are underway to inform his next of kin, and a murder investigation has been launched.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder, and a second man, also believed to be 18 years old,."
Anyone with information should call 101, providing the reference CAD6136/04MAY.
A section 60 has also been put in place until 11.30am today (May 5) covering a number of wards; they are Preston, West Hendon, Queensbury, Fryent, Welsh Harp, Barnhill, Kenton and Kenton East
Were you at Brent Cross shopping centre yesterday evening? Get in touch at rachael.davis@reachplc.com| immunotherapy
Pain and Inflammation of Chronic Sinusitis, Plus Loss of Smell
Stem Cells “Ability to Switch Their Identity” May Protect, Regenerate
Newswise —...
Read the full press release on Newswire.
Did you enjoy this article?
and get our latest articles and more direct to your inboxAlthough many health officials strongly advocate plus size women losing weight before their pregnancies, statistics show that one in three pregnant women have crossed the line to obesity. And despite the health risks associated with pregnant women carrying extra weight, with proper health care plus-size women can generally enjoy healthy pregnancies and deliver healthy babies.
But the American College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists still strongly urges healthcare professionals to advise overweight women against falling pregnant before they have control of their weight.
The health risk list
The US Centre for Disease Control and Prevention places pregnancies in this category on the same health level of risk as sufferers of uncontrolled high blood pressure, diabetes, drinking and smoking.
We cannot agree more, however, that a healthy body certainly leads to a healthy and very often, easier, pregnancy and birth. But, with good medical care, obese women can still enjoy a healthy run and should problems arise they need to be aware of them and seek medical attention appropriately.
“Most plus-size women have completely normal pregnancies and normal babies, said clinical instructor in obstetrics at Harvard Medical School.
Overweight and pregnant is ok
As a plus-size pregnant woman you would have heard all the negative reports about your pregnancy. But just because you are overweight doesn’t mean you shouldn’t have a really great pregnancy resulting in a healthy, bouncy baby if you know the possible risks by educating yourself and ensuring you get the best medical care that you can.
There are obvious health risks that often go hand in hand with overweight and obese pregnancies. But by choosing a good health care professional and informing yourself of possible risks, most of these conditions are easily controlled without affecting your growing baby. The fact remains, however, that most obese women will develop high blood pressure. Many are also at risk of developing gestational diabetes. Mostly, obese women give birth to larger babies and this is certainly not without its own set of risks to baby and mom come delivery time. But again, all this is manageable with professional care.
Adopting a healthier mindset
Obese pregnant women can drastically reduce their risks by taking on a healthier mindset. This would include a balanced eating plan and as vigorous an exercise regime as is possible.
These are simply good health routines practised by society’s majority and so can easily be sustained by the overweight or obese mom-to-be.
Body Mass Index (BMI) is the relationship between your height and your weight. To fall into a healthy weight category before pregnancy your Body Mass Index (BMI) should fall within the 18,5-24,9 range. This will allow you to gain 11-16kgs (25-35 pounds) during your pregnancy.
You are considered obese if your BMI is above 30. If you fall into this category you are advised to gain only 7-11kgs (15-25 pounds) during your pregnancy with no more than 1-1,5kg (2-3 pounds) a month and only in your last two trimesters.
Dieting: a no-go option
Regardless of whether you are pregnant or not, overweight or underweight, dieting is not the way to go when trying to shed those kgs or even gain a couple.
The answer is a simple one – no measuring, no starving yourself, no following specific menus! It’s rather all about healthy eating. A well-balanced diet, coupled with daily exercise (even just brisk walking for 30 minutes a day, riding an exercise bicycle, swimming or water aerobics) is the perfect recipe to gain control of your weight! The best part is you will feel so much better for it, with loads more energy, too.
You may hate this lifestyle change initially. But cut yourself some slack here; it’s simply because it is so foreign to you! Give yourself a two to four week chance at the good stuff and by the end of it your new way of eating with a little exercise thrown in will become addictive – especially when you start to see the weight coming off!
– BevSUSQUEHANNA, Pa. — ready to answer whether farming is for them, and move onto working through a business plan. Access to guest speakers, local service providers, as well as a farmer panel, will enable participants to gain real-world understanding of the enterprises they are looking to start, or scale up to commercial level.
The cost to attend this workshop is $175 per person, or $275/2 registrations. Registration includes the Exploring the Small Farm Dream workbook, a pre-loaded flash drive with resources and worksheets, a binder and printed worksheets for each session. In addition, a light dinner will be provided each week. For those registering two participants, only one workbook will be provided.
For more information call (607) 584-5007 or e-mail lw257@cornell.edu.
There is a minimum attendance of 20 in order for this series to occur. Please register ASAP, or by October 28th in order to ensure enough program materials and food can be procured. Click here to register. Thank you to AgChoice for their support of this program.
–Cornell Cooperative Extension of Broome CountyThanks to FFBBQ’s favorite bacon fan, Trisha Sauthoff, for sending in a tip about the maple-bacon lollipops sold by a San Francisco candymaker called Lollyphile. They’re made with real maple syrup and itty-bitty chunks of delicious smoked bacon. Mmm…bacon! The pops cost $10 for four, $24 for 12 or $52 for 36. Oh, and Lollyphile also makes absinthe flavored pops. What a combo!
Maple Bacon Lollipops?!Regardless of the seasons or fluctuations in the weather, keeping your pets hydrated throughout the day is a key part of their overall health. Just like humans, water forms the basis for many functions in your pet’s body . Your pet’s body is 65% moisture, and they aren’t designed to get the hydration they need solely from a bowl of water. To help keep your furry friend happy and hydrated from day to day, we’ve gathered together five simple tips to provide them with all the moisture they need—both at home and on the go.
Make sure water is always available!
This is the obvious one. Simply put, your pet should always have access to fresh water. If you leave the house for any period of time, it is important that your pet’s water dish is full, fresh, and easily accessible. You should clean out your pet’s water dish regularly to avoid any dirt or bacteria and be sure to leave a dish outside if your pet is getting some quality outdoor time.
Know how much water your pet needs!
As a guideline, your pet should be taking in approximately one ounce of water for every pound of body weight. Under this guideline, a 12-lb cat should be drinking around 12 ounces of water per day, while a 50-lb dog should be drinking approximately 50 ounces per day. Of course, keeping track of these specifics down to the ounce every single day isn’t really possible. However, if you understand the basic drinking needs of your pet, it will be much easier for you to recognize when/if they are not drinking enough for their body’s basic needs.
Provide a shady spot during playtime!
When the sun is out and the sky is clear, your pet is probably even more excited than usual to get outside for some running, jumping, zipping, and zooming. That being said, even when the weather is mild, more sunshine or more exercise means more water loss. The more your pet’s body heats up, the more moisture they will lose and therefore need to replace. When outside or active, make sure there is a cool, shady area for your pet to relax in during any downtime. This will help keep their body temperature down and prevent them from losing excessive moisture while romping around inside and outside.
Add some moisture to your current kibble!
Did you know that your pet’s body is designed to receive a great deal of its hydration from food, as opposed to just water? But, traditional kibble diets alone do not provide enough moisture for your pet’s daily needs.
Adding moisture to these daily meals using Primal Bone Broth or Goat Milk can be a simple and appetizing solution, as Goat Milk contains around 79% moisture, and Bone Broth contains up to 98%! Both of these Hydrators can be easily poured over any existing diet, or even served as a between-meal snack for a treat. What’s more, both bone broth and goat milk will add a host of vitamins, minerals, enzymes, and healthy fats to your dog or cat’s daily routine.
Or, offer them a daily diet that’s naturally rich in moisture!
While adding moisture to dry kibble can go a long way in keeping your pet hydrated and healthy, a diet already high in moisture can permanently revolutionize your pet’s daily hydration, while also supporting their overall joint health and kidney function. All of Primal's balanced base formulas are around 75% moisture and provide biologically-appropriate nutrition for dogs and cats.Get the latest videos, infographics and sharable content to help you stay cyber safe.
Resources
Filter options
Don’t be a victim! Three traditions cyber criminals will use to ruin your holidays
A cyber criminal’s holiday ‘traditions’ aim to make your holidays more stressful! Stay safe this season by learning what they might have in store for you and your devices.
Updated: 2021-11-23
How to game safely with friends and family this holiday season
Video games are a fun way to spend some remote quality time with your friends and family over the holidays. Here’s how you can make sure you’re playing it safe while you game.
Updated: 2021-11-23
How to talk to your uncle about cyber security over the holidays
If you end up in a conversation with your uncle (or aunt or cousin or parents) about cyber security, here’s a road map for seeing you safely through to the other side – this year, or in the future.
Updated: 2021-11-19
Three ways to sharpen your cyber security during the holiday period
Stuck with more downtime than usual this holiday season? Take this extra time to make sure you’re up to date with the latest cyber security advice.
Updated: 2021-11-19
Tips for staying safe while connecting digitally this holiday
Video calls are this year’s hot holiday trend. Make sure you’re calling your friends and family safety with these tips for connecting digitally this season.
Updated: 2021-11-19
10 years of getting cyber safe
Celebrating 10 years of Get Cyber Safe and giving Canadians advice on making cyber security a part of their routine.
Updated: 2021-11-08
Be prepared: how your business can protect itself from ransomware attacks
What ransomware is and how your business can protect itself from a potential attack.
Updated: 2021-11-03
Computer cyber security: An introduction
Learn how to educate yourself on computer cyber security to give your device the TLC it deserves.
Updated: 2021-11-03
Cottage cyber security: How to stay secure while chilling by the lake
Our cottages are loaded up with devices and networks that leave us vulnerable to attacks from cyber criminals. Here’s how you can protect yourself.
Updated: 2021-11-03
Cyber scams to watch out for during tax season
Learn about some cyber scams to watch out for this tax season and how you can protect yourself against them.
Updated: 2021-11-03
Report a problem on this page
- Date modified:CART CHECKOUT2
Black Nose Ring (small)QTY : 1
₹300.00
Black Beads Nose RingQTY : 1
₹300.00
₹1,099.00
Nose Ring/Nath for left side pierced nose
Length: 10.15 mm/0.39 inches
Width of Nath: 1.18mm/0.04 inches
Thickness of wire: 19 19 Gauge.
Since we do not have a cancellation policy, we request you to carefully read the above details and refer the product pictures before placing an order.
Happy Scoring!
In stock
Create an account to expedite future checkouts, track order history & receive emails, discounts, & special offersSache’ Lamonte: Late Night Dip – Photo B
I haven’t been in a sizeable body of water in a pretty long time and I’m looking to get some lessons just to get my rhythm back. We’re coming up on late night skinny dipping season and I wonder if Sache’ Lamonte can help me out. Just looking to get my back stroke back to normal.Studying geometry provides many foundational skills and helps to build the thinking skills of logic, deductive reasoning, analytical reasoning, and problem-solving.
Contents
- 1 What is the importance of learning geometry in your life?
- 2 What is geometry used for in real life?
- 3 What is importance of geometry?
- 4 How are geometric sequences used in real life?
- 5 Can we live without geometry?
- 6 What are examples of geometric shapes in real life?
- 7 What are the importance of geometric designs in our culture?
- 8 Why is geometry important in primary school?
- 9 What have you learned in geometry?
- 10 What is the importance of sequence in our daily life?
- 11 How do you apply your knowledge of sequence in our daily life?
- 12 What is mathematics in our daily lives?
What is the importance of learning geometry in your life?
Geometry allows students to connect mapping objects in the classroom to real-world contexts regarding direction and place. Understanding of spatial relationships is also considered important in the role of problem solving and higher-order thinking skills.
What is geometry used for in real life?
Applications of geometry in the real world include computer-aided design for construction blueprints, the design of assembly systems in manufacturing, nanotechnology, computer graphics, visual graphs, video game programming and virtual reality creation.
What is importance of geometry?
Geometry is important because the world is made up of different shapes and spaces. It is broken into plane geometry, flat shapes like lines, circles and triangles, and solid geometry, solid shapes like spheres and cubes. Geometry helps understanding of spatial relationships. are the importance of geometric designs in our culture?.
What have you learned in geometry?
Geometry is the fourth math course in high school and will guide you through among other things points, lines, planes, angles, parallel lines, triangles, similarity, trigonometry, quadrilaterals, transformations, circles and area. do you apply your knowledge of sequence in our daily life?
Sequences are useful in our daily lives as well as in higher mathematics. For example, the interest portion of monthly payments made to pay off an automobile or home loan, and the list of maximum daily temperatures in one area for a month are sequences.
What is mathematics in our daily lives?
Mathematics makes our life orderly and prevents chaos. Certain qualities that are nurtured by mathematics are the power of reasoning, creativity, abstract or spatial thinking, critical thinking, problem-solving ability, and even effective communication skills.Biscuits bury Barons
BIRMINGHAM -- The Biscuits scored seven unanswered runs in a 7-3 victory over the Birmingham Barons on Thursday night at Regions Field.
Biscuits left-hander Chris Kirsch (3-1), after giving up three runs in the first inning, didn't give up another over the next five innings.
Nicky Delmonico hit a three-run home run for the Barons, but Montgomery tied it in the second on Mike Marjama's three-run homer.
Willy Adames doubled and Casey Gillaspie singled before Marjama hit a first-pitch homer off Birmingham starter Tyler Danish. It was Marjama's first Double-A home run.
In the third, Jake Bauers singled home Johnny Field to give the Biscuits a 4-3 advantage.
Adames added an RBI double and a sacrifice fly.
Buddy Borden finished with three no-hit innings for his second save. Borden walked two and struck out two.
On Friday, Montgomery's Chih-Wei Hu (2-0) faces Birmingham's Jordan Guerrero (0-1) at 7:05 p.m.I was hit bad by Penguin on 4-24-12.
I was hit bad by Penguin on 4-24-12. Never received a bad link warning from Google but I do have lots of bad links from a SEO company years ago. I canceled with them and they kept sending automated links with the same anchor text. I even asked Google to remove the bad links years before the penguin update
I have removed many bad links by contacting webmasters and have used disavowal tool twice. 6 Months later still no improvement.
Is it possible that Google needs more time to disavowal bad links ?
What about 301 redirect to a new domain? Anyone ever have long term success with 301.
What about 301 after using the disavowal tool any luck?
What about changing my domain, will it take months for site to move up, anyone with experience trying this?
Let me know any ideas.
Thanks
- AndyMacLean last edited by
301 redirect to new domain likely wouldnt help, you're bringing the tainted link juice with you, assuming links is the issue.
Most 'experts' think you wont recover from Penguin until the next Penguin update. Its unclear to me if this agency 'kept sending automated links' that you would have been cleared by any update if this process was still ongoing.
Bear in mind Penguin isnt just about links.
Changing domain might be a valid option but it does depend on the site itself, authority, number of spammy links you still have etc.
Not that its much comfort but id also say, remember Google isnt the only source of traffic.
It depends on the PR, age, amount of content, rankings and competition, and value of your domain name etc. Sometimes it's easier to move on and start fresh after a site has been nuked, and if you have on going issues like some automation still pushing out links to your site.
I think a simple site should always have a second version ready to launch under a different domain in case they get hit, so you can begin rebuilding right away.
- jesse-landry last edited by
you should join the #seochat going on currently on twitter.. it's relevant to your questions. back to the chat --
- SebastianDyer last edited by
I have had a few clients come to me about bad backlink profiles / google penalties.
Aside from manual removal and the disavow tool, I try and invert the ratio of bad links to good links. This can be a real challenge as there are often thousands of bad links to contend with, but I'm pretty sure that a link from an authoritative website helps to dilute the bad links a great deal.
If you change your domain, you're starting from scratch. But at least you're not fighting a penalty. This is something I'd suggest if there wasn't a single good link in the profile and if the change of domain name wouldn't cripple your.CfP: Extended Deadline, GFF 2017: Realities and World Building, University of Vienna
GFF 2017: Realities and World Building University of Vienna, September 20th-23rd 2017 The creation and experience of “new” worlds is a central appeal of the fantastic. From Middle Earth to variations of the Final Frontier, the fantastic provides a seemingly[...]read more
ICFA 38 Program Available
Hello ICFA 38 Attendees! The program is now available for download from the IAFA website’s homepage.[...]read more
CfP: Institutions, Markets, Speculations: Creative Economies of Science Fiction, MLA 2018
Please take a look at this CFP for the 2018 MLA convention and consider circulating it among colleagues. A shareable link to the CFP can be found here:. MLA 2018 CFP 4-7 January 2018 New York City, NY Institutions,[...]read more
CfP: Horror by the Book: Monstrous Manuscripts, Sacred Scrolls, and Illuminated Evil on Screen
Final Call for Contributors (2/1/17 Abstracts; 8/1/17 Essays) Horror by the Book: Monstrous Manuscripts, Sacred Scrolls, and Illuminated Evil on Screen Nothing, seemingly, could be more innocuous—less threatening—than a book, but those steeped in the world of horror films know[...
CfP: The Fantastic and the Urban[...]read more
CfP: SFRA 2017 Unknown Pasts/ Unseen Futures, University of California, Riverside
CfP: SFRA 2017 Unknown Pasts/ Unseen Futures University of California, Riverside 28 June to 1 July 2017 We invite submissions to the 2017 SFRA Conference, held at the Marriott Hotel in downtown Riverside. Our conference theme is Unknown Pasts/ Unseen[...]read more
CfP: Pirates: Lifting the Jolly Roger in History and Popular Culture
Pirates: Lifting the Jolly Roger in History and Popular Culture Edited by Antonio Sanna Since the times of their brutal aggressions to vessels journeying over the seven seas, pirates have firmly captured the imagination of writers, directors and producers all[...]read more
CfP: Tolkien Conference at University of Vermont[...]read morePlease note that some museums have not yet reopened. For individual business and event information, please visit their direct websites.
Few cities the size of Grand Rapids can match the depth and breadth of our museum facilities. Downtown alone contains six museums within a few blocks of each other:
Just minutes away is one of the world's Top 30 Must-See Museums: Frederik Meijer Gardens & Sculpture Park , a breathtaking display of natural and manmade art.
Receive admission into many cultural attractions around Grand Rapids as well as additional exclusive discounts with our $20.00 Culture Pass.
Grand Rapids has long carried a passion for creative expression on the stage. See the…Gelli Arts 6" x 6" Gelli® Printing Plate GELLI Sale! from 1799 1799 /per Qty. Sold Out This item is currently on backorder but you can still purchase it now and we'll ship as soon as more become available. Gel Plates Mixed Media Tools & Cleaners TweetBallistic Mexican Hot Chocolate Stout
31st Jul 2020
⠀
Beer description: Head Brewer Lachy was in Mexico late last year when he was inspired by the delicious, local, spicy hot chocolate’s. It was time to bring that Mexican flare back to the Ballistic brewery! The challenge was to take those flavours and apply them to a beer.⠀
⠀
The result is El Calavera, a 6.8% Milk Stout brewed with Cocoa Nibs, Lactose, Vanilla, Nutmeg, Cinnamon and Chilli. Perfectly balanced and unexpectedly drinkable.⠀
⠀
Available online & in store:⠀
Photo by: @justlovemusicandbeer⠀Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], June 17 (ANI): Equity benchmark indices were subdued during early hours on Wednesday amid escalating border tensions between India and China and surge in COVID-19 cases.
At 10:15 am, the BSE S&P Sensex was up by 83 points or 0.25 per cent at 33,689 while the Nifty 50 edged higher by 22 points or 0.22 per cent at 9,936.
Sectoral indices at the National Stock Exchange were mixed with Nifty PSU bank down by 0.9 per cent but realty up by 1 per cent.
Among stocks, the gainers included Maruti Suzuki, Tech Mahindra, Wipro, Britannia, Tata Steel and Axis Bank.
However, Bharti Infratel, Power Grid Corporation, Mahindra & Mahindra, Hero MotoCorp and State Bank of India were in the negative zone.
Meanwhile, Asian share markets took a breather as a resurgence of coronavirus cases challenged market confidence in a rapid economic recovery.
Japan's Nikkei eased by 0.7 per cent after jumping almost 5 per cent a day earlier for its biggest daily gain in three months.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia Pacific shares outside Japan went flat, having climbed 2.8 per cent the previous day with most markets across the region little changed. (ANI)I would normally not say this but YAY ME….. I am very proud of myself this month (so is my Mum), I designed the cover projects of this month’s “For Keeps Creative Paper” magazine (everything on the cover is done my me) and I also… [read more]
Tonight's class
So if you dropped by my blog this afternoon, You would of seen I did half post and said I would be back after my class to finish the post….{All I had to do was write the materials used for the below card}. Anyway I… [read more]
Season of Joy
I just LOVE the Season of Joy set from the Current Spring Mini Catalogue. In this card I have stamped the image in Real Red, On some scrap paper I have stamped the image in River Rock and Old Olive then cut up these pieces… [read more]
Petal Thanks
I told you I would be back with a card today and even better news, I have just planned out uploads for everyday this week… I have received many emails from people about my ‘enjoy’ post saying I should not feel like I that about… [read more]
Blog candy winner…. [read more]
Enjoy… and blog candy
….Sorry for being a bad blogger, This hole blogging thing can be intimidating…What happens is I make a card, I take the photo then as I go to upload it I think to myself….It’s not good enough to blog, Make a better one tomorrow, tomorrow… [read more]
I am…..
Sometimes I find Scrapbooking a little scary… I think it is partly the journaling side of it, I love journaling on Scrapbooking and I do believe its important but I always spend hours thinking about what to say and then end up using quotes. I… [read more]
Chalkboard Demonstrations
What a week I had at the Rosehill Stiches and Craft show, It was great meeting new people, Catching up with customers and sharing ideas with everyone. Our stand was always busy with Make and takes, Demonstrations and people looking at all our card samples…. [read more]
The Amazing Maze book
Well the Rosehill Stiches and Craft show started today, It was lovely meeting lots of new people (hello to everyone new I spoke with today) I am on the Stampin’ Up! stand number 460 in the pavilion and I am teaching a class everyday at… [read more]
Life is Beautiful
Did you miss me? …… Sorry, I have been sick and very busy getting ready for the Rosehill Stiches and Craft Show which starts tomorrow (Wednesday) and ends Sunday, I will be on the Stampin’ Up! Stand (stand 460) everyday of the show, So if… [read more]
- « Previous Page
- 1
- …
- 75
- 76
- 77
- 78
- 79
- 80
- Next Page »Related Discussions
What do i do with these closet doors? Add mirrors or ???
Looking for update ideas. They are metal and go floor to ceiling
How can i repurpose metal screw top lids?
How to decorate Christmascandle holders?
Do I have to paint the chain to this chandelier?
I painted a chandelier while it hung in place as it is a tall ceiling and my husband did not want to take it down. I used Rustoleum Metallic Paint in a 2 ounce jar. L... See more
How can I use buckeyes in crafts?
How can I create something crafty with all these buckeyes my Mom and grandchildren collected for me? I need ideas, please. I want something nice that I can maybe giv... See more
How to remove popcorn ceiling with asbestos?
I want to get rid of my popcorn ceiling, but it has asbestos in it. How do I go about this safely?
How do i make curtain ties?
would like to make my own curtain ties out of yarn
My Favorite Garden Repurpose ~ Potting Sink FountainContents of the Website
All information contained on this website is for general information purposes only and may be altered at any time by OCG Consulting Ltd ("OCG") without notice.
Conditions of Use
By using, accessing or submitting information to, this website you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions ("Terms"). We may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this website at any time, including the availability of any of the website features or content, without notice. Additionally, OCG may amend these Terms from time to time without notice and you will be deemed to have agreed to the amended Terms when you next use, access or submit information to this website following any amendment.
All copyright and other intellectual property rights in the contents of this website (including the design of this website) belong to OCG and accordingly all rights are reserved. Visitors to this website are permitted to copy, print or download information from the website for personal use only and not for any business purpose.
Disclaimer
OCG disclaims to the full extent permitted by law all warranties, express or implied (including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose) as to the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of any information contained on this website. This disclaimer extends to any information submitted to this website by third parties ("Third Parties") including any curriculum vitae submitted to and / or displayed on this website. OCG does not warrant that this website is free of computer viruses or any other harmful devices ("Harmful Devices"). You acknowledge that your use of this website is at your sole risk and that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with use of this website.
Any advice given on this website is for educational purposes only. Professional advice should be sought before applying any advice to particular circumstances.
In no event shall OCG be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages or loss suffered by you or anyone else (including, but not limited to, loss of profits, business, revenue, goodwill, anticipated savings, and / or any claims made under Third Party contracts) howsoever arising (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) as a result of: (a) any access to, use of or submission of information to, this website; or (b) the use of any information or software contained on, or accessed via, this website; or (c) any Harmful Devices.
Links
The OCG website may contain links to websites operated by Third Parties ("Third Party Websites") from time to time. Such links are provided for information purposes only. OCG is not responsible for the content of or the accuracy of information contained on such websites. OCG hereby excludes all liability for any claims, loss, demands or damages of any kind whatsoever and howsoever arising as a result of you or any other person accessing Third Party Websites from the links contained in the OCG website.
Jurisdiction
This Web Site and its entire contents are governed by New Zealand law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New Zealand courts.Who Can Foster?
Foster carers can come from all kinds of ethnic, religious and cultural backgrounds.
Lots of different kinds of people foster.
- You can be single
- You can be living with a partner
- You can be married or have a civil partner
- You can have your own children or step-children
- You can have no children at all
- You can own your own home or be renting
- You can be any age, over 21, as long as your health and well-being allows
- You can offer short-break fostering at weekends if you are working full-time
- You can be unemployed
- You can have been 'in care' yourself
What is important is that you must be able to:
- Be warm, patient, understanding and flexible
- Be non-judgemental
- Negotiate and compromise
- Provide good quality care for children
- Care for children safely
- Support children who may have experienced neglect or abuse
- Cope with children whose behaviour may sometimes be difficult and challenging
- Understand and work with parents who have been unable to look after their child, harmed their child or failed to protect their child
- Work as part of a team which includes a child's family, social worker, education and health staff
- Be willing to learn and develop new skillsTony’s thoughts for June 2017
It was a pleasure to attend the recent CPIA forum at The Atrium in Hagley Park. I found the session on finance to be excellent, with great interaction and questions from the audience.
The most recent OCR announcement again showed no change at 1.75%,.
For our property investor friends at CPIA, the LVR restrictions on investment properties remain the biggest hurdle and banks are no longer rolling over interest only periods after they have ended. This is where like for like refinancing is beneficial as it is based on the dollar part of the lending, not the structure of the loan, so so we can arrange lending to suit you and your circumstances.Old Time SciFi Radio Shows. Two Classic SciFi radio dramas can be downloaded from the Internet Archive: Dimension X was first heard on NBC April 8, 1950, and ran until September 29, 1951. This show dramatized the … …
Continue reading here:
Old Time SciFi Radio Shows – Artists mentioned in the WIRE magazine
episode96
comfortable and confident in your clothing and that means going out shopping.
I also have some great suggestions for any budget or if you have no budget at all when it comes to clothes shopping. Don’t forget, you can find more information and a full transcript of the episode at
Are you following the podcast on Instagram yet? Be sure to check it out, click follow and say hi at
Resources:
Shop Morning Motivation Journal
Connect with Your Host Jennifer on Social Media
@jennifer_healthcoach4life
FULL TRANSCRIPT
Hey ladies, welcome to episode 96 of the health life and more for women podcast. I’m your host and intuitive eating counselor, Jennifer DAmato. I have had a recurring theme within my intuitive eating counseling practice. Most of my clients going in their closet and finding that their clothes don’t fit. I actually am hearing a lot of this outside of my sessions as well. Just people I chat with and converse with on social media and I myself have found this to be true. Especially coming off of last year, especially coming off of one of the most stressful years collectively we’ve been through. But also personally last year, if you’ve been following, you know, that I had what was deemed a lumpectomy, yes cancer-free, but I also had reconstruction. So my stress level last year was kind of through the roof. And I would even say that this year has been better, but not back to, let’s just say like October 2019, you know, when life felt normal.
So what I’m hearing from a lot of women is they go into their closet and they’re just not fitting in the clothes. So they leave their closet feeling defeated, feeling tired almost. Now we can address that weight gain is normal; that your body changes. I’ve talked about that here on the podcast. However, I want to talk about what happens when you decide these clothes are no longer working for me so I’m going to go buy myself some new clothes. And what do you do when you can’t find clothes that fit when you’re out shopping? It can be one of the most frustrating experiences going out to what, it doesn’t even matter the store, believing, you know, what size you need. And not fitting in that size. Why is that? So I want to break down a few things. I want to do a brief history of sizing because actually I believe that understanding of how sizing, especially of course, just for women, is going to be our focus here, but understanding that can be really eye opening to why things are the way they are.
I specifically want to hone in on vanity sizing and what manufacturers are doing. But don’t worry by the end of this podcast, I also want to help you with, what do you do? What do you do in these situations? When you show up at a store and these clothes are not fitting you, what do you do when you know, you need to buy some new items for your closet.
So let’s dive into a brief history. Pre world war two women’s clothes were still pretty much made order custom sized, you know, but that doesn’t work when you start mass producing. So in 1939, the US government collected weight and size measurements from 15,000 women. So initially you would think, wow, that’s a pretty decent data pool, except they only used white women in the study. It also was highly favored on lower income women because they gave a small fee to the women for showing up for these measurements. However, some of those women were, you know, suffering from malnourishment. Now in 1958, this is where you see more of a formal sizing system. However again, these measurements were greatly favored on bust size.
Now, if you think about your own body and if clothing were to be determined just on your bust size, you probably find yourself laughing like that does not work. How does my bust size correlate to my hips or my thighs? It doesn’t. So what we saw in the 1970s and the 1980s was more of a universal sizing system. How, however, again, it came with great flaws. Here is where vanity sizing, as it’s labeled, came into play. So garment companies began downgrading their size labels. This is when you saw the additions of lower numbers, like a size two and a size zero. And even eventually later, what happened was a size double zero. This was vanity sizing. Where the size on the label is reduced in number to encourage customers to buy the garment. This is how you know that they market based on body image. The industry knows that we struggle as women with body image. It is an absolute marketing tool. Let me give you a really good example of how this marketing makes a difference.
So in the 1960s, the very famous Marilyn Monroe was a size 12. If she were buying clothes today, she would be buying a size six, same clothes. Very different numeric size numbers. Even more recently, the textile clothing technology corporations scanned bodies of almost 11,000 people. They were between the ages of 18 and 80. 13 locations across the country. They identified nine distinct body shapes for women. Now, what this showed was this hour glass shape that has been setting the standard for women’s clothing sizes actually only rings true for about 8% of the women. 8% of those 11,000 scanned. It’s not you. It’s not you, it’s the system.
And lastly, Fashion brands and retailers, you know, they’re catering to not just a, a local area. It’s not a local shop. They’re catering to international, worldwide, so much diversity. However, they are focusing on certain demographics and what sells best for them. And because of that different brands owned by the same corporation, will often have inconsistent sizes within their own brand. This is why when you go shopping, you leave more frustrated than not, it’s not you. It’s the system that is flawed.
So that leaves us with, what do you do? Because maybe you are coming off a year and the clothes in your closet are no longer working for you. You’re not leaving your closet, feeling your best and feeling confident or even maybe feeling comfortable. So if it’s available to you to go out and buy clothes that make you feel more confident that are comfortable to an on your body, what do you do? Now, before I dive into these tips of what to do, I just want to let you know, before this podcast is over, I’m going to talk about a few other options when maybe you can’t go out and buy a whole new wardrobe that that’s not available to you. And I would say that’s not available to most people. So be sure to stay tuned till the end, because I have some maybe really creative ideas you haven’t considered yet.
So I think the first and most important tip I can give you if you’re going to go out and buy some new clothes that make you feel confident and that are comfortable, is that you plan ahead going clothes shopping cannot be treated as the same as running out to get a couple of ingredients you forgot to make dinner. One thing I can almost guarantee if you try to rush getting some new clothes is you’re going to add to your stress level. Unfortunately, like I shared the manufacturers can have different sizing for the same size numeric size, or small, medium, large within their own store. You know, we love going out to Target. Maybe we want to grab some beautiful blouses, maybe some graphic tees and some jeans. I’m telling you right now, you can grab a shirt in a large and a blouse in a large, and they’re going to fit you completely different. So I want you to set aside time, set aside time where, you know, I have an hour, I have maybe two hours to myself. So I don’t have to rush. I don’t have to add to the stress. And I don’t know about you ladies, but after 40, I get all like hot and bothered trying clothes on and off and on and off that I want to take my time. I don’t need to be a hot, sweaty mess in a target dressing room. Do you know what I mean? I hope I’m not alone in it.
Now, this really does go hand in hand with my second tip, which is grab several sizes and styles. We know that there’s going to be a discrepancy. We know that there is not a Universal sizing. It just doesn’t work that way. So I encourage you, grab a bunch. This is where you have the extra time to try them on. So maybe you found a style, grab it in two different sizes, see what fits best, what makes you feel more comfortable. And then when you have the time, you don’t have to rush, you know, pulling one off, putting another one on. So my second tip, grab a bunch. It’s okay if you fill up that cart and have to go back and forth to that cart. There is no judgment. This is for you to feel confident for you to feel comfortable.
And lastly, you may need to do some self talk within the, this exercise that might be the first time. It might be every time that you go shopping at a store for clothes that you remind yourself, it’s not about the numeric size. You might need to go right back to this episode and go, you know what, the reason these sizes don’t line up when I went to this other store and this store, even within this store is because of the flawed system. It’s okay to remind yourself that it’s not about the size. It’s about comfort. It’s about confidence. It’s about how it fits on your body as your body is right now. So those three tips. Plan extra time. So you don’t have to rush and feel stressed. Grab several sizes and styles. And this last one is to remind yourself, it’s not about the numeric size that the flawed system is what makes you have to grab two or three different sizes in the same top. It’s okay to incorporate some positive self-talk within the context of shopping.
So like I said, I acknowledge that not everyone can go out on a shopping spree or even go out and buy new clothes, new wardrobe, any of that. So I want to just give you a few other options that might be better for your clothing budget. So the first one is Amazon wardrobe. Now what I like with Amazon wardrobe is there are free returns on what doesn’t fit or work for you. Now, again, this might be where you are spending some more money upfront but you have the ease and maybe less stress and time to try those on at the, in the comfort of your own home.
So I’ve done this before. I’ve tested it out and I’d say I keep about 80% of what I try from Amazon. I don’t buy a ton at once. I might by two or three tops and then return what I don’t like, what doesn’t fit me well, what, I don’t feel comfortable, the fabric, et cetera. But I do love the option that there are free returns and I’m in the comfort of my own home.
Now another option. And this might be, if you have a much bigger budget or budgets not an like a consideration, you don’t have to be concerned with budget when it comes to clothes shopping is something like stitch fix. So this is where you are giving information to this program. This app, if you will. And they’re sending you clothes again, your style, your size, things that they believe you’ll like, you get to try them on in the comfort of your home. And then send back what you don’t like. And of course they can really customize the clothing that’s sent to you. Now I know other women who’ve tried this and they love it. I mean, they said they’ll never go to a store again because they really get everything they need. However, this is going to be on the higher end of your budget. A great option, if that’s an option for you. There are several companies now that offer this kind of service. So you just might want to search look at the one that seems to suit you your budget and your style best.
So another option is to do consignment and thrift stores. Now you can do that in store. There’s so many options out there now from Goodwill to salvation army. But there’s also online options. So thread up is one of them. It’s an online consignment and thrift store. So you can even clean out your closet and post items that your selling, along with the option of going on and purchasing items. I mean, this can do double duty. You can clean out your closet of clothes that are no longer comfortable, clothes that are not fitting well, clothes that you don’t feel confident in. You can post those to these kinds of consignment sites and you can also purchase new to you clothes. What I love is you do get pictures, description, brand, name, all of that. Another sites that I’m more familiar with, it’s similar to this is Poshmark. So again, women clearing out their own closet. Putting gently used some brand new tags on can be found on these sites. So again, you’re probably wanting to give yourself some time to peruse, to read about the item, and then you can purchase a gently used item. You could actually probably for a fraction of the cost, have a fresh new wardrobe and maybe even clean out some of your clothes to put toward that purchase.
I believe that you deserve to feel comfortable in the clothes that you wear. I believe you even deserve to feel confident in the clothes that you’re wearing. If the clothes that are in your closet right now are not doing that for you, maybe one or several of these tips and ideas will help encourage you to do some overhaul in that closet. Our bodies are meant to change. And I’m telling you under great stress from the last year plus that was inevitable. It doesn’t mean you need to try to squeeze into something or just in general, not feel good in the clothes that you have.
If you’re going to go out and get some new or new to you clothes, I hope that this brief history of clothing sizes and this understanding of how marketing of sizes has affected the size you’re purchasing. I hope that it gives you some encouragement. This is not you. This is a flawed system. This is about marketing knowing women struggle with body image. That’s what this is about. So I hope that you can take that information. The next time you go into a dressing room and feel more empowered that it’s not about the size that you’re purchasing. It has nothing to do with that. It has to do with how you feel in the clothes that you’re wearing.
All right, ladies I am excited to tell you here at the end of episode, 96, that there’s only one more episode to season two. Next week, episode 97 is the last episode in season two before we dive into a brand new season on the podcast. Can I just take a moment before ending to say, thank you. Thank you for tuning in. Thank you for sharing the podcast. Thank you for your sweet messages on Instagram and on Facebook. I am on unbelievably grateful for each and every listener.
All right, until next week, ladies.
2 Comments
My husband and I had our first date night last Friday in quite awhile. Wearing leggings wasn’t an option, but trying to find clothes that fit was a huge challenge.
This episode was right on time, thanks Jen!
Thank you for sharing this! I am so glad that it was right on time and hope that it helps.Please update your browser.
2029 Century Park East, Suite 3700
Los Angeles, Ca 90067
We serve the needs of C-Suite executives, business owners, and high-net- worth individuals and their families to help address the sophisticated complexities that often accompany significant wealth.
Together with Alpa Patel, the West Coast Head for Wealth Planning, our team invests time to help ensure that each client’s financial picture is organized, and that there has been careful consideration for trust, estate and other wealth planning components. We bring deep background in investment management to address a comprehensive array of financial requirements—tailored asset allocations, conservative portfolio management, liquidity strategies and more.
Because there’s an economic element to virtually every endeavor, we harness our understanding of behavioral finance, and serve as emotional filters through which our clients gain perspective so that they may rationally respond to markets and events. We strive to provide fair and impartial investment guidance to help our clients withstand market volatility.
The portfolios that we build are geared toward the preservation of capital. We match vehicles to risk profiles, and present roadmaps for allocations to help clients pursue their financial goals. Our investment style is fairly contrarian, and we seek to capitalize on mispricing opportunities in the marketplace.
As a team, we work in concert to provide white-glove service—direct access to our members and a rapid response to inquiries and concerns. Drawing upon the vast resources of J.P. Morgan, we deliver strategies to manage each client’s wealth and protect it for the next generation.
Investment Approach
A focus on wealth planning
Our team serves the needs of C-Suite executives, business owners, and high-net-worth families who have worked hard to acquire significant wealth and are looking for ways in which to make these assets work for them.
We start with the thoughtful organization and careful consideration of trust, estate and other components that comprise each client’s financial scenario.
Through a conservative portfolio management approach, we present tailored allocations that target the preservation of capital. Our investment style is often contrarian to prevailing trends, and we seek to benefit from market inefficiencies.
We view ourselves as advocates for our clients, helping navigate the uncertainties of financial choices. Our role is to serve as an emotional filter in the decision-making process, inserting common sense to reduce market noise and helping clients stay the course.
A deep understanding of financial personalities
We endeavor to present a disciplined methodology that is grounded in facts, not fear. Our team brings an intense work ethic and clear, honest communications to foster trusting relationships and help ensure that we are representing each individual’s best interests.
Every new client experience begins by gaining a thorough understanding of present and future financial goals. Utilizing a series of questions developed from our many years of wealth planning experience, we carefully assess risk tolerance and volatility concerns. These inputs inform our process as we match investment vehicles with individualized profiles to create tailored and risk-adjusted allocation strategies.
Our approach is fair and impartial. We educate our clients about elements of their portfolios to help ensure they comprehend the financial plans that we have developed.
Support for the complexities of liquidity
We strive to fill pockets of liquidity where capital is treated in an optimal manner. Our team may use quality private equity and private debt to help bridge liquidity where there is none, as an alternative to the bond market for conservative management.
We have deep capabilities to help clients diversify away from concentrated positions—whether they seek to systematically sell stock in the open market or hedge their existing investments—and recognize the disquiet that results from having considerable resources invested in a single brand.
For those clients facing IPOs and other one-time liquidity events, we find that their biggest area of concern is often the tax consequence of financial decisions. By participating in pre- and post-transaction wealth planning, we help clients evaluate timing and impacts to minimize tax implications. Our team works seamlessly alongside clients’ CPAs, attorneys, business managers and other outside advisors to help ensure that the entirety of each financial picture is considered.
An allegiance to customer service
Together with our administrative assistant, Jamie Krigbaum, we embrace a commitment to ensure clients have direct contact with the principals of the Group. Our emphasis is on the strong connections that have been established with each individual, and we limit our practice to a select number of clients to help ensure our undivided attention. With a team that has worked together for more than 14 years to develop, guide and implement investment strategies, we bring due diligence to the details of each transaction. Jamie’s experience on the Credit Suisse capital markets trading desk prior to joining the team in 2011 demanded attention to detail and she brings that attribute to each client interaction.
J.P. Morgan, an industry leader
We are proud to draw upon the research capabilities and investment platform of J.P. Morgan, a global leader in asset and wealth management. Our clients benefit from boutique-level and white-glove treatment ,which we couple with access to the resources of one of the largest and most respected financial firms in the world. By leveraging these powerful synergies, we deliver a breadth of entrée and institutional-quality service typically reserved for the world’s largest investors.
Meet Our Team
Click a profile to learn more about each member
Kevin Monaco
Executive Director
kevin.monaco@jpmorgan.com
2029 Century Park East, Suite 3700
Los Angeles, Ca 90067
David Garfin
Vice President
david.garfin@jpmorgan.com
2029 Century Park East, Suite 3700
Los Angeles, Ca 90067
Jamie Krigbaum
Investment Associate
jamie.krigbaum@jpmorgan.com
2029 Century Park East, Suite 3700
Los Angeles, Ca 900.We're making America's safety net more user-friendly
We build software for low-income Americans who are often overlooked by traditional tech innovation.
Providers helps you manage benefits, save money, and earn income
Our current focus is food stamps, a $70 billion program that reaches 40 million Americans.
Instantly check your EBT balance
Create a Providers account and never call to check your balance again.
Save money with coupons
Clip coupons for your favorite stores and brands.
Find jobs and earn income
Explore job posts and other money-making opportunities.
%20-%20w%20Device_mini.png)
PANDEMIC YEAR IN REVIEW
A year in the lives of SNAP households
The past year brought an unprecedented level of hardship and uncertainty. For low-income Americans, who were already barely getting by, the sudden economic fallout triggered by the global coronavirus pandemic was devastating.
Security and privacy built into all our products
We never sell your personal information to anyone.
We use encryption to keep your data private and secure.
We never store sensitive information like EBT card numbers.
Why people love Providers
The app makes it easy to control your spending. It also lets you know where you do the most spending. It saves time.
Adam M.
It makes it a lot easier to check my balance without having to dig out my card from my bag or be embarrassed pulling it out in public.
Andreea C.
I’m forgetful and tend to misplace my receipts so this app helps keep my amount available at the touch of my phone screen.
Antoinette S.A.
In aiming to inform course improvement, our study interrogates student teachers’ perceptions of the aspects that they valued in the short course.
Guided by social constructivism and situated within a qualitative paradigm, twenty-four 2nd and 3rd year Bachelor of Education (BEd) students who completed the course participated in three semi-structured focus group interviews whereby data was analysed by means of constant comparison analysis.
Findings suggest participants found value in authentic tasks and assignments as well as the process of knowledge creation. They did, however, differ in their views of the purpose and aim of such a course..
Within the higher educational context, numerous discussions continue regarding the notion of digital literacy and expectations about student skills and attributes related to learning technologies. It is, for instance, expected of higher education (HE) institutions to promote graduate attributes that will assist students in being engaged and responsive citizens and to be prepared for the world of work (Barnett
To address such growing needs, the digital literacy levels of students should be carefully monitored. Role-players should consider the various ‘cognitive, motoric, sociological and emotional skills’ related to digital devices as opposed to only focusing on the ability to negotiate and use such devices (Eshet
Often, it is expected of HE students to have access to a variety of technologies as well as the display of highly sophisticated technological skills in the use and application of such devices (Kennedy et al.
From a pre-service teacher training perspective, it is argued that students should be equipped for flexible work opportunities, to prepare them to participate actively in different communities and to respond and reflect on the different needs of the learners they teach in schools (Burnett
During pre-service teacher practice at a South African higher education institution, it has been observed that there often manifests a disconnect between student experiences and expectations in the workplace (schools) regarding the integration of learning technologies. At the faculty, although expected of academics to model such innovative approaches and practices during pre-service education, such a paradigm shift and the development of appropriate skills prove to be a slow process. Therefore, in order to create an opportunity for pre-service teachers to not only observe good technology integration practices within the Faculty of Education, but also to develop transferable skills that could be applicable during in-service teacher practice and when entering the world of work, a voluntary digital literacy short course was conceptualised and implemented with the view to enhance the existing digital literacy skills and knowledge of pre-service teachers and to promote an awareness of learning opportunities with the aid of learning technologies in the curriculum. The purpose of this article is not to evaluate the short course content nor to report on the expected development of students’ digital literacy skills, but rather to highlight the aspects and approaches included in such a course that were of value to pre-service teachers. Our article, therefore, aims to identify those aspects and approaches included in a digital literacy short course that are deemed of value for pre-service teacher training. These results could assist us in future courses and help us identify areas of development. We start the article with a literature review and reference to how social constructivism, authentic learning principles and the technological pedagogical content knowledge (TPACK) model guided us in the conceptualisation of this short course. This is followed by the methodology and a discussion of the results. The article concludes with recommendations to be considered when extending the digital literacy levels of pre-service teachers.
Education instruction experienced a paradigm shift in thinking about learning during the 1990s (Land, Hannafin & Oliver
According to Vygotsky, it is through social and cultural interaction that learning and knowledge realities are constructed (Mills
[
That is, the learner will likely reach a ceiling of understanding when learning without assistance, and in order to push beyond this conceptualisation ceiling, interaction with more knowledgeable others (MKOs) is necessary for personal learning development. The MKO refers to any source of knowledge that holds more understanding and/or experience of a particular topic, and which can provide the necessary facilitation for the learner to renegotiate his or her own ZPD (Koenig & Sabbagh
We attempted to include the above-mentioned principles in our course design by placing emphasis on the value of social and cultural interaction of the course participants. We paid particular attention to the value of MKOs which included not only facilitator experience and knowledge, but also tapping into the diverse levels of digital skills of the participants. Throughout the design of the course, scaffolding was used to gradually include those participants who had limited knowledge and/or experience of digital tools and devices.
Teaching with learning technologies requires the development of certain knowledge domains in order to seamlessly and effectively integrate such tools within a specific curriculum. It is expected of teachers to understand and continuously develop and adapt between different cases, classrooms and disciplinary environments (Koehler & Mishra
Content knowledge refers to the subject matter and the disciplinary content that should be taught to students, and encompasses theories, frameworks and different approaches to learning. Pedagogical knowledge represents a deep level of understanding of theory and practices associated with the art of learning and teaching, as well as an appreciation and working understanding of different teaching methodologies. Lastly, technological knowledge seems to be more complex to describe because of its ever-changing evolution. This requires teachers to access, develop and include novel technologies and resources that complement their subject content knowledge to engage learners in their learning (Martinovic & Zhang
However, the effective integration of learning technologies in the classroom goes beyond the mere understanding and acknowledgement of the three knowledge domains (i.e. content, pedagogical and technological), requiring an approach to embrace an emergent form of knowledge that moves beyond the three separate domains to a more integrated approach. It requires teachers to develop an appreciation of the integration of pedagogical techniques and approaches appropriate for a particular learning experience, sufficient content knowledge and working knowledge and understanding of appropriate technologies that could contribute to or enhance a particular learning experience (Mishra & Koehler
Despite the complexities surrounding the inter-relatedness of such knowledge domains, it also remains imperative to understand the nature of knowledge associated with such practices. For those involved in education, it remains important to extend pedagogy and learning beyond the exact context of the learning activity. It is aspired to equip students with the ability to build on previous knowledge and to apply and transmit it to other relevant contexts (Maton
It is within this theoretical paradigm that the pilot digital literacy short course was conceptualised. The need to create a learning opportunity whereby a formal course could translate into the practical and operational needs of a work environment posed interesting challenges and guided the authors towards a pedagogical model rooted in authentic learning (Herrington et al.
Authentic learning and then also authentic tasks consist of an authentic context that reflects a real-world context where knowledge will be applied. In such a learning context, ill-defined tasks that are applicable to real-world situations and challenges guide the learning process. To guide students through such an approach, learning takes place with the aid of experts and modelling of required skills and processes. It remains important that students develop the skills to critically investigate the environment from all possible angles and therefore multiple roles and perspectives are encouraged. An important element of authentic learning and tasks is also the co-construction of knowledge whereby students are granted the chance to collaborate on the design of tasks. In order to provide a meaningful learning opportunity, students are encouraged to reflect on their learning and also to develop the ability to articulate whereby groups or individuals are able to defend a position or to create a public presentation of a particular case. The teacher or facilitator provides students with the necessary coaching or scaffolding to accommodate, assimilate and build new knowledge structures. And finally, an authentic assessment whereby students demonstrate knowledge and are provided with an opportunity to display or share their new products or skills set, the scene for a learning opportunity differs from the traditional mode of instruction (Herrington
Authentic learning dimensions (Herrington, Reeves & Oliver
To further our understanding, we were also guided by the approaches and lessons learnt from other institutions. By investigating various pre-service training programmes, challenges and triumphs were scrutinised for the influence they may have in the current digital literacy short course. What was evident is that the authors could not find explicit reference to such a short course of similar nature within the South African context. Internationally, Martinovic and Zhang (
As a result of our approach discussed above, we conceptualised the digital literacy short course by focusing on the areas as mentioned in
Digital literacy short course module outline.
With the purpose to improve the pilot short course at a conceptual and operational level, participants’ opinions on the perceived value of the course were investigated. Being situated within a qualitative paradigm, it is understood that individuals have an active role to play in the construction of social reality (Boeije
Three semi-structured focus group interviews consisting of a total of 24 participants were used for data collection. Such an approach provided the researchers with the opportunity to accommodate the maximum number of participants who participated in the short course. The selection of participants occurred by means of opportunity sampling. Qualitative research tends to employ small sample sizes so as to encapsulate such experiences, affording rich discussion amongst participants, which may not have been generated through single participant encounters (Stangor
the goals and outcomes of the course
programme management
content covered in the course
the value of assignments
the impact of such a course on pre-service teachers’ professional development
areas of improvement to be considered.
Audio-recorded interviews were analysed through transcript-based analysis rooted in constant comparison analysis. Onwuegbuzie et al. (
The quality of qualitative research can be determined in several ways, such as the level of sensitivity towards a particular context and phenomena, the level of transparency, rigour and consistency of the research process as well as the value level and impact of the chosen phenomenon under investigation (Yardley
The degree to which researchers can critically examine their position within and influence on the research speaks not only about the transparency of the research process, but also about the credibility and trustworthiness of the research results (Hays & Singh
Ethical clearance was obtained from Stellenbosch University. Authors followed the standard ethical guidelines by gaining informed consent from participants, protecting the confidentiality and anonymity of participants, gave the participants the right to withdraw at any stage of the research process and did not use deception in any form during the process.
The focus group data suggest a number of themes (see
Similarities and differences.
The participants referred to the specific value of the course assignments because of the real-life application value of it, equipping them for the 21st century classroom and in preparation of lifelong learning. Within this particular theme, participants did not distinguish between the tasks given to them and the final assignment, but rather viewed it as a collective in terms of formative and summative assessment. For the purpose of this article, reference to assignments will include both the tasks and final assignment.
It was clear that assignments were deemed important because of the application value in different real-world contexts. For instance, the course content and accompanying assignments were not merely perceived as theoretical, but the opportunity to reflect on what has been learnt and to apply it in both an academic and professional context was appreciated by participants:
‘… What I really liked about the assignment, I do believe the assessments need to be in this course but it challenged me to critically engage with technology and resources that are available and I think it is necessary because we are receiving so much theory each session … to go back, reflect on it and then just put it into an assignment that is more than [
The real-life application value was not only to be able to relate theory to praxis, but also to build on a sensible resource that could potentially be used in the classroom:
‘… One of our assignments was to create a lesson plan and use technology in that lesson plan … I think that’s also just kind of forcing us again to do it practically and then … once we were able to … this is actually what I can do in my classroom …’ (Focus group 2)
‘… I am so proud of my blog. I just want to the schools and just tell them … so I think all the assignments, you can go off and incorporate them … that’s quite nice and all your teaching resources as well … it just speaks for you …’ (Focus group 2)
The use of the authentic learning pedagogical model (Herrington et al.
Participants referred to the course providing them with alternative teaching and learning methodologies and approaches. What was evident was that participants often encountered a more traditional mode within their respective courses or during teacher practice:
‘… I think everyone should do this course because before this course, I really, I studied Education but it was still like the traditional way of teaching and learning …’ (Focus group 1)
It was suggested that the course provided participants with the opportunity to view teaching and learning in a different light:
‘… I really think this course helped me to have a different perspective on what teaching is because when you go into prac you see a lot of traditional methods …’ (Focus group 3)
‘… And I think even like before, like the implementation of teaching of these skills is the fact that there should have been like a paradigm shift in from what we have experienced in schools. Is this where we should be with education and should we even incorporate technology and why do we include technology because I think if you don’t have that understanding, if you don’t understand the importance of why we’re changing it and why we’re using it, you’re going to be much more reluctant to use it …’ (Focus group 3)
Participants’ comments allude to the rethinking of pedagogy necessitated by a new dynamic and intellectually challenging learning ecology that the use of technology created in the 21st century (Garrison
A sub-theme that was closely aligned was the notion of preparation of the world of work and the notion of lifelong learning. Participants highlighted the value of the short course of one whereby they realised that learning continues after the completion of the course but that one can also exert agency in developing new skills and acquiring new knowledge:
‘… It just inspired me on because I never stopped with what we learned. I wondered if I can do this because I was able to do that … so now, because of the course I continue to try new things …’ (Focus group 3)
‘… Because I realised that I can actually initiate my own learning and I don’t need to wait for someone else to do it for me … like this course is going to end next week but I can still carry on …there is education beyond me as a teacher …’ (Focus group 2)
Barnett (
The way in which knowledge was created during this course calls for consideration and exploration. Participants referred to the process of learning and how new knowledge was acquired. What was highlighted was the fact that cumulative knowledge building in terms of learning technologies often creates discomfort and challenge. However, in terms of the value of a partner or peer, such a process was experienced of particular value.
As in most educational spheres, it is expected to assimilate and accommodate new knowledge structures through effort and often discomfort. It was reported during this course that participants enjoyed a steep learning curve and perceived knowledge acquisition as often challenging:
‘… You learnt, you engaged, you developed, you were challenged …’ (Focus group 3)
‘… And it’s good for yourself because you consolidate … you learn, even though it’s painful but learning and constructing knowledge is painful. It’s when things don’t connect and you have to make them connect and that’s when you learn and that’s good …’ (Focus group 2)
What was also evident of this course was that participants came with past knowledge to the course, whether it was basic skills already developed or even failed attempts and a perceived notion of the potential reasons for difficulty experienced in the past. The course attempted to create a learning opportunity whereby new knowledge structures were developed and previously acquired knowledge was integrated. The purpose was to create a learning environment whereby participants developed the ability to transfer knowledge across different contexts and whereby participants re-evaluated their existing skills and knowledge (Maton
The process of knowledge acquisition was, however, based on the prerequisite of a community of practice where participants and the facilitator engaged in collaborative activities and methods of exploration. The facilitator was not viewed as the ‘sole expert’ and participants were encouraged to engage and explore as partners in the learning process:
‘… [
‘… And also which is very good of the course is when we had resources that she [
‘… Like the facilitator wouldn’t say this is how you solve it … it’s like well, I don’t know, I haven’t had this situation before … so let’s look at it together …’ (Focus group 1)
The value and importance of working together as a collective is further illustrated by one participant mentioning the way in which learners could also contribute to the learning process by assisting each other and the teacher in the use of some of these tools:
‘… You get comfortable in technology and like your learners you can always learn from them … you don’t have to be afraid … you don’t have to know everything [
The process of collaboration and scaffolding, as underlined by the social constructivist approach, contributed to a sense of achievement and comfort. Despite fear and reluctance that are often associated with trying out new methods and tools, it was mentioned that such feelings could potentially be addressed by means of the support and collaboration of others focusing on the same task at hand:
‘… Because technology at times overwhelms you and freaks you out … and as soon as you have someone next to you, you immediately feel more confident …’ (Focus group 1)
The collaborative knowledge building approach was highlighted as one of the valuable aspects of the course. It suggests an environment with close working relations, collaborative problem-solving, joint efforts to create resources and a willingness to explore new avenues of pedagogical engagement with technology. The authentic learning pedagogical model (Herrington et al.
What was of interest is the different ways by which participants explained their reasons for attending the course and their perceptions regarding the purpose of the course. Of course, there are many potential reasons for such different views, such as the way by which the course was promoted (during lectures and online advertisements), the way in which participants communicated with each other as to why they considered attending the course and so forth. For the authors, the essential message is that role-players should be aware of the various individual needs and individual differences when conceptualising such courses or training opportunities. The three main sub-themes that emerged from the focus groups were preparing 21st century teachers for the world of work, at a more technical level the enhancement of current technological skills and also addressing the fear associated with technology use.
Interestingly, within this sub-theme, participants differed in how they see the world of work and 21st century teaching which referred to the knowledge of digital literacy and the use of technology, the safe and ethical use of such tools and viewing technology as a tool or approach that contributes to professional development and lifelong learning:
‘… We spoke about what happens in the modern-day classroom and what is needed in the modern-day classroom … and based also on our practical experiences it became very clear from the start that what is needed is knowledge of digital literacy and how to use technology in your classroom …’ (Focus group 3)
‘… I think in the beginning it was important what the goals were … if you want to be a 21st century teacher with all this technology but how to use it in a safe and secure way …’ (Focus group 1)
‘… And just ways that we can use it to further our education and our understanding of what children need, what teachers need, what parents need …’ (Focus group 3)
It is clear that technology use for teachers includes a number of diverse factors, such as improvement of administration, materials and delivery as well as a way of earning more recognition and prestige in a school (Cox, Preston & Cox
Of no surprise does this sub-theme evolve where participants indicated that they chose to participate in the short course because of the need to upgrade or develop technological skills. What was of interest, however, was that none of the participants referred to the application of such skills within the specific learning contexts:
‘… And for myself, I’m not really a big techno type of person. So that’s why I did the short course …’ (Focus group 1)
‘… It’s also maybe to give to us like a basic understanding of why that [
‘… Yes, to upskill myself with the technology and to learn more about new programmes and … yes and how things work in the 21st century classroom …’ (Focus group 2)
Through the lens of the TPACK framework, pre-service teachers’ perceptions on the value they have gained from the course primarily focused on technological knowledge and its integration with pedagogical knowledge. Pedagogical content knowledge played a significant role in the critical rethinking of pedagogy when technology was included. Content knowledge, in turn, played a role in the integration of all three knowledge types in the planning of lessons that included the use of technology. Contextual influences on their knowledge building included the compilation of the course (aims and objectives, collaborative and cumulative aspects), as well as pre-service teachers’ attitudes, prior experiences and available technological resources.
The development and effective integration of technological, content and pedagogical knowledge domains (Koehler & Mishra
In this sub-theme, participants remarked upon fears and discomfort that emerge when having to use to technology:
‘… It also helps you to become comfortable with technology because if you’re afraid, then can you imagine the older generation being afraid of technology …’ (Focus group 2)
‘… I’m freaked out when having to use technology, and I know we have to … there are so many things to learn and that I don’t know of …’ (Focus group 2)
Not surprisingly, the prospect of using technology in the classroom can be daunting to some teachers because of their lack of confidence in their own technological skills, which result in them feeling less inclined to experiment with technology in front of learners (Lašákova, Bajzíková & Dedze
The conceptualisation and implementation of a short course to introduce new knowledge and skills or to attempt to develop or enhance existing skills and attributes associated with the integration of learning technologies into learning and teaching proves challenging, and requires a unique set of attributes and skills from the developers and facilitators alike. It remains important to critically consider an approach where ‘standardised courses’ are avoided so as to adopt a framework promoting a strong theoretical grounding, acknowledgement of individual differences and a sensitivity towards psycho-sociocultural factors associated with technology adoption and use.
The authors would like to emphasise that Dr Helena Wessels passed away in 2018 and that this article is dedicated to her vision and interest in the use of digital technologies for pre-service teaching purposes.
The authors have declared that no competing interest exists.
All authors contributed equally to this work..
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial or not-for-profit sectors.
Data sharing is not applicable to this article because of confidentiality agreement with participants.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any affiliated agency of the authors.
, 1956 – 2018.Forged thick blocks in Alumold® 500 have been developed to provide high and consistent strength across the thickness, good dimensional stabilityand excellent machinability, in order torespond to the high requirements of the applications in plastics transformation. Typical applications include compression or injection moulds for plastics.
Alumold® 500 forged blocks are produced forged blocks are available in temper T652 in)When discussing Youtube Betterhelp Debacle with our clients we found….Prioritizing your mental health has never been more vital– with the COVID-19 pandemic and whatever else going on in the world, many individuals are experiencing symptoms of psychological health conditions.
Polls report that 53 percent of U.S. adults say concern and tension amidst the pandemic has actually had an unfavorable impact on their psychological health.
Fortunately, virtual support systems make it much, uses therapy for couples, households, or people. You produce an account and fill out a survey to discover the best match.
Throughout the questionnaire, you’re able to list out your therapist choices, including their gender, faith, age, sexual orientation, language, along with what issues expert daunting, especially for a great deal of first-time customers. Text-based interaction (texting and live-chat sessions) are a fantastic way to take a few of the stress and anxiety out of beginning treatment and assistance customers dive into the process,” says James Imrie, the imaginative and marketing manager at.
Is BetterHelp com legit?
You can instantly begin messaging them in a safe and personal chat room when you’ve been matched with a counselor.
The chat room concerns, homework, feedback, or guidance, and the app will notify you of their response.
The conversations are saved in the chatroom so you’re totally reaction.
This option simulates the comfort of texting a buddy who instantly comprehends.
” Jotting down your thoughts is an useful workout for all kinds of situations,” Imrie says. “If you seem like your ideas are crowded or foggy, boiling them down into a few sentences can assist takes pleasure in in person conversation, you can likewise arrange a video session with your therapist. Simply visit subtle) issues for a moment, could e-counselling be the answer to the psychological health issues intensifying amongst under-30s? With cuts to psychological health services truly starting to bite, digitised therapy could be just the ticket for young people who currently filter nearly every element of their lives– friends, work, sex, home entertainment– through a screen.
Not everyone is totally encouraged that shifting mental health care online is the way forward. “For me, what works in treatment is when you satisfy somebody face-to-face, in the same space,” states various experience from being in the space with somebody, speaking in person.”
Bbc
” In terms of availability, it’s a great start and certainly save cash and there aren’t important concerns being asked about these services, that’s not excellent. Then, I’m constantly extremely sceptical of people who are either really really professional or extremely really against online mental health care.
I signed up for four extremely different online mental health services– ranging in expense from totally free to , 100 a month– and ran my stress and anxieties through them all, at the same time, for a week. Here’s what I discovered.
Does BetterHelp use licensed therapists? Youtube Betterhelp Debacle
What I’m doing here is reviewing, but the semi-anonymity might make it much easier to open if you’ve been drinking 2 bottles of rum and dancing around in your dead nan’s bridal gown every night.
She first ascertained the scale of my stress and anxiety, what triggers it– social scenarios, fulfilling modify messages before sending them implies perhaps some medications), probably isn’t for you Youtube Betterhelp DebacleSh.”
Kubrat Pulev: “Boxers are much more precise in our striking, we should win every fight on Saturday night. These MMA fighters don’t stand a chance.”
Frank Mir: “I’m always the predator going after the biggest hunt and Saturday night against Kubrat Pulev will be no different. We taped out the triangle, it’s 26 feet long. I’ll know exactly how to be victorious on Saturday night.”
Alexander Flores: “I’ve been training for a fight for 16 weeks, sparred over 100 rounds, once I got the offer I said let’s do it. Mitrione is standing in my path and I will destroy him on Saturday night.”
Mike Mitrione: “No one has ever slept me and it’s not happening this Saturday night to this skinny dude Flores. I can’t wait to punch him in the face on Saturday night and he can’t wait to do the same to me. Look at the dude Flores over there with those skinny legs shaking, he knows the beating ahead of him this Saturday night.”
Mike Seals: “Clearly this dude has no clue what he’s gotten himself into. I’m going to destroy Mike Perry on Saturday night.”
Mike Perry: “I’m going to f*** this dude up on Saturday night and somebody might die. I’m just focused on what I always do, hurt people and entertain the fans. That’s what people want from me and that’s what they get, satisfaction guaranteed from Mike Perry.”
* * *
The Triad Combat PPV event will be carried in North America across all PPV platforms, including cable, satellite, telco, and streaming. Complete PPV distribution details can be found below.
is this boxing or mma?
hard to believe Kubrat Pulev fought for all the world titles just 2 years ago…
Where can I watch this?
I think it is on PPS (Pay-Per-Screw) but Fight News does not list a channel.
Love “Pay-Per-Screw”! LOL
YouTube 20 minutes after the.matches are over
– Does anyone really care about this ?
– Yes / No ??
Gary G, no for me.
I hope all the boxers ko these mma guys who don’t have a clue. If they all get kod maybe they’ll realize wrestlers can’t beat boxers in boxing it’s quite stupid. At least when Shaq swam against Phelps he had a lengths lead
If boxers are any brave or have some courage, maybe they can challenge the MMA guys in MMA fighting. I’d like to see if any boxers will trash talk the way they do for the boxing matches.
A fight is a fight, and if a boxer begins to punk a all-around fighters, maybe those MMA guys should show some boxers how a real fight is done.
Oh, Wait. The great James Toney tried and he got destroyed. Ray Mercer also tried and KO’d a former UFC Champ. Maybe more boxers should cross over to MMA for more name recognition and opportunities.
Once the boxers are taken to the ground, they’re done. MMA is a different animal.
Dude..who want to watch at any circumstances 2 guys on the ground laying top of eatcothers .
Marquess of queensberry rules are for men.
Everyone knows James Toney jumped into the UFC for quick easy money. Looking like the Pillsbury Doughboy, he didn’t train & didn’t even try to win that spectacle. What was amazing is that his opponent was an MMA champ & gave it everything he had & it still took him nearly 5 minutes to end the farce against a sitting tank job! How embarrassing!!! Toney started his pro boxing career at 154 lbs, but looked like he weighed 354 for this!
It’s sad that MMA will not this what they’re worth. That’s probably why they crossover to boxing.
Boxer Holly Holm destroyed UFC legend Ronda Rousey.
Ronda Rousey was the most overrated athlete in the history of professional sports! And who was the moron who put her on the cover of Ring Magazine?
I think the moron was Oscar DelaHiHeels. He owns Ring Magazine.
Correction, MMA practitioner Holly Holm destroyed MMA legend Rhonda Rousey in an MMA bout.
Actually Holly was a Boxer/kickboxer that trained with Winklejohn in abq. I fought in several shows with her on the card where she wld either box or kickbox her opponent. She later ventured in MMA. This proves that boxers Absolutely can compete in MMA with proper training. An natural born athlete is gonna do good in whatever they set their sites on as long as training is on point.
They have each stayed in they’re lane. Stop catching feelings and act like a man. It’s like comparing a 100 yard dasher vs marathon runner similar sport, different approach.
Boxers typically do not go over to mma because they know their limitations. Mma fighters typically to not box in the ring because they as well, know their limitations.
Just as a boxer is out of his element and in deep trouble in the octogon, the same applies to a mix martial artist who steps in the ring.
Acknowledge, accept, apply.
And that’s all I have to say about that.
You’re totally wrong. Boxers don’t cross over to MMA because there is no money in MMA. The highest you can go is UFC and Dana is tight with his payouts. If you mention anything about money he flips his shit.
That is pretty much on point Peter. As an ex pro boxer, fighters wld often come to me to work striking. They are at a much lower level than most boxers as they use different types of weight shifts. Given time and proper training, they could excell but most dont put that much time in
Right on point about shifting Tony. They from different angles, reducing balance and the snap required for boxing.
Two different sports. Not fair for either one if they are not in their environment. But dont forget the fastest and nasties kos come by strikes.
Boxers Are smarter than mma guys. They know they are. Boxers. Mma guys believe they have boxing skills when they can only wrestle. They’re not quite right in the head. Switching sports this late in their careers will only get them hurt, but wtf they’re making that almighty dollar
Tim Sylvia UFC Heavyweight Champion vs Ray Mercer boxer. Sometimes the boxer wins.
Oh yeah one more. Boxer Holly Holm vs MMA Legend and UFC Champion Rhonda Rousey.
Paul Berlenbach did quite well for a wrestler in boxing
MMA borders along the lines of barbarism. Not my cup of tea. To each his own.
maybe rampage would have agreed if briggs said ‘let’s go champ’?
Watch it on YouTube he said it about 100 times and he looked scared, Rampage back him into a corner and he grabbed a mic stand for protection.
Not a good matchup for Mir. Pulev will take him to the deep end of the pool and drown him, period.
As for Perry, it all depends what shape he’s in. Good shape, easy win, out of shape, night-night.
It is only logic that a boxer will usually beat any other type of athlete at boxing and that an mma fighter will usually beat any other athlete at mma. However, what a lot of people don’t realize is that mma fighters do a lot of boxing in their preparation for mma but boxers don’t do mma training for their fights. For a boxer to beat an mma fighter at mma they have to essentially become an mma fighter by many months of mma training or else they will get thrown down and beat up. People that don’t think mma is tough are clueless and ignorant on the subject. People that think since they are good boxers that have never wrestled that they can keep an mma fighter or wrestler from throwing them on the ground are fooling themselves.
Why couldn’t they let Frank Mir quarterback for the Saints last night. He couldn’t of done much worse. I’d rather see that than a sad end he’s going to have thinking he’s a boxer.
Why would mir take a fight when he knows he is getting knocked out.
Mir can’t won a fight if your not allowed to twist your opponent toes into submission.
Pulev is cashing an easy check in a circus freak show. I don’t think i’m alone on this, but does anyone else agree that EVERYTHING in life is decreasing in quality?Professiya: English Teacher
Müəllimlik Təcrübəsi: I have been teaching for two and a half years. I have taught people of all age groups and backgrounds. I feel that it is truly fascinating to connect with another person on the other side of the world and help them to improve their life.
Maraqlar: I love to travel! I spend most of my time outside of the USA, that is why this job is perfect for me. I love learning about other cultures and trying local foods from the countries I visit.
Təhsil: Certified Pharmacy Technician; TESOL Certificate
Danışılan Dillər: ingilis (Yerli ), hind (Danışıq Səviyyəsində )
Profil Videosu:The Kitchenby MusicFinder Royalty Free Music
Item details
Is there a nicer way to start your Saturday morning than with this happy royalty free melody with soothing guitars, catchy ukulele, alluring piano and light bass and drums?! Its highly positive and relaxing vibes will be perfectly suitable for your background music, kitchen projects, cooking videos, children and kids' shows, cartoons, video games and app promos, vlogs and more. Its accompanying hand claps with a contemplative mood will elevate your dear and precious projects and videos just like that! Enjoy this one now!
Both wav+mp3 versions are included in the main Zip file. Have fun!
- .wav
- 44.1kHz
- 92 BPM
Need to test this track with your project? Download the preview
YouTube Content ID: Identifyy. View More Details
We're trusted by these great organizations.A simple game where you'll be trying to put a puck into a hole.
74% 18.0k plays
Published: Jun 19th, 2021 HTML5 Pick the right gate and make your army larger.
80% 9.2k plays
Published: Jun 15th, 2021 HTML5 Collect characters of the same color and try to expand as much as possible.
73% 6.0k plays
Published: Mar 15th, 2021 HTML5 Play Fall Friends Challenge against other players from all around the world and win as many races as you can..
75% 5.6k plays
Published: May 21st, 2020 HTML5 Suck up all of the items you see ahead of you so that your ball doesn’t touch anything.
71% 6.4k plays
Published: May 15th, 2020 HTML5 A mobile port of a popular mobile game that you can now play online. Help a bird get as far as possible.
72% 10.2k plays
Published: Jan 20th, 2020 HTML5 A fun game, where you’ll be getting through obstacles and trying to reach the finish line first.
72% 8.4k plays
Published: Nov 26th, 2019 HTML5 Shape your jelly so that it gets through obstacles
83% 3.4k plays
Published: Oct 23rd, 2019 HTML5 A fun online game where you will be playing mini games against your opponents.
79% 86.1k plays
Published: Jul 24th, 2019 HTML5 Race with other players in this crazy arena game and avoid obstacles.
51% 10.4k plays
Published: Apr 29th, 2019 HTML5 Race around with other characters and be the first to reach the finish line.
76% 18.1k plays
Published: Jan 25th, 2019 HTML5 Try to only hit objects with the same color as your ball.
56% 26.9k plays
Published: Jan 7th, 2019 HTML5 Play a great game and liquidate all of the bricks in each level.Jewellery Music
Jewellery Music – The Trends for 2017. Colore Gemstones. The fad is actually to make use of greater rocks at facility parts for various kinds of fashion jewelry. Items along with solitary precious stone specifie in Rose gold physical body is actually really a lot in requirement. Colore precious stones are actually likewise being actually utilize for ear mountain climbers. Coats . As well as various other claim parts connecte to ears.
Particular Jewelry
Fashion jewelry parts belonging to these styles are actually downright favorite. Fashion jewelry things along with such concepts are actually attractive to appear at . As well as additionally magnificent to use. Females of all grows older really love to put on such precious jewelry things which are actually encourage coming from old or even art-deco.
Floral Motifs
A precious jewelry container is really certainly never full without a flower design precious jewelry product. Any sort of kind of hairstyle . As well as design in precious stones show up charming along with a blossomy concept precious jewelry item. Whether white colore gold. Climbe gold or even yellowish gold In the light of fashion jewelry. The jewelry. Bands. Bracelets. Trinkets every little thing looks incredible and also cool and trendy.In Just a Month, Illegal Settler Outpost Sprouts Up on Palestinian Lands
The aim of settlers at Evyatar, which already boasts some 40 buildings, is to prevent any contiguity between the three villages on whose lands they are currently building. Civil Administration inspectors can’t keep up with the pace of construction in the West Bank
In the past month, in the heart of a Palestinian rural area south of Nablus in the West Bank, a new/old outpost called Evyatar is being constructed and expanded. Although only a short period of time has passed, there are already around 40 structures on the site. The massive construction is being carried out overtly, at the initiative of the Nahala settlement movement, which is providing financing and logistical assistance, and with the backing of the Samaria Regional Council. However, this past Sunday, two days after this article was first published in Hebrew, a military order was issued that is supposed to prevent entry to the site and to enable its demolition. The settlers vow to defy the order.
After a few unsuccessful efforts, the outpost is now being built on land belonging to the villages of Beita, Qabalan and Yatma, in close proximity to their orchards and stone terraces, on a hill that was the site of an army base in the 1980s. Last month, during protests by villagers against the outpost, live fire by the Israeli army killed two young men from the village of Beita and wounded some 25 others. On Sunday the army blocked the main entrance to that village.
The general secretary of Nahala, Daniella Weiss – whom Haaretz was referred to by the outpost settlers, as their spokeswoman – said last Thursday that the outpost covers several dozen dunams as of now, but has the potential to expand to 600 dunams (about 150 acres). As of Sunday 46 families were already living there. Weiss said another 75 are hoping to join them soon.
Evyatar is located about 1.6 kilometers east of the Za’atara (Tapuah) Junction and according to the settlers’ Facebook page it “prevents the creation of a connection between the villages of Qabalan, Yatma and Beita” – but on the other hand, creates contiguity between the settlements of Tapuah, west of the Za’atara Junction, and Migdalim, about nine kilometers southeast of the junction.
The Civil Administration told Haaretz that the structures in Evyatar were erected “illegally, without the necessary permits.” In other words, without a decision by that body’s Supreme Planning Council and without a proper master plan – which means that the public did not have a chance to submit its objections. The administration also said that “enforcement will be carried out at the site in accordance with authorizations and regulations, and subject to operative considerations.”
Haaretz has learned that this kind of reply is given when military and/or political leaders intervene in order to prevent evacuation of a settlement, as evidenced by the many illegal and unauthorized agricultural outposts dotting the northern Jordan Valley: They have continued to expand in the past three or four years despite demolition orders against them.
Daniella Weiss confirmed that demolition orders for the Evyatar outpost were indeed issued, but “not for all the structures, because every day new ones are being built.” In other words, Civil Administration inspectors can’t keep up with the pace.
- Settler leader moves headquarters to illegal West Bank outpost
- Bennett-Lapid government's first challenge may be awaiting at a West Bank outpost
- The Israeli settler who knows where the barbarians are coming from
A resident of Kiryat Arba who moved to Evyatar told Haaretz last Tuesday: “The Israelites left Egypt in haste, and Evyatar was built in haste.” And in fact, the residents of Qabalan and Beita report hearing heavy machinery operating day and night.
The Civil Administration did not reply to Haaretz's question about the legal status of the land.
Weiss claims that the property on which the outpost is being erected is in the process of being declared state land, within the area of jurisdiction of the Samaria Regional Council. When the military base was originally built on this site, an order was issued that green-lighted temporary seizure of the (privately owned) land for military purposes.
Villagers recall their parents and grandparents cultivating the local fields, and explain that since the evacuation of the military base in the 1990s, they were prohibited from building there because the site is in Israeli-controlled Area C, where Palestinians are not allowed to build – even on their own private land.
The outpost is named after Evyatar Borovsky, a resident of the settlement of Yitzhar who was murdered by a Palestinian in May 2013. Following his murder there were three attempts to build an outpost at the site – in 2013, 2016 and 2018 – but the mobile homes and other structures erected there were evacuated very quickly. This time – just hours after the shooting attack against three students of the yeshiva in the settlement of Itamar, on May 2 – settlers began to set up awnings, mobile homes and tents, all at once. After reports of the death of Yehuda Guetta, one of the students, it was decided to name the study hall after him.
‘No hut on a rocky hill’
When Haaretz asked why the authorities did not immediately evacuate the structures springing up this time, Weiss said that it’s due to a combination of the settlers’ daring and a deliberate decision to operate differently.
“If you take a risk and demonstrate daring, you increase the chances [of succeeding],” she said, adding that the Nahala movement and the settlers decided that they did not want "a hut on a rocky hill, but a mass, with concrete blocks immediately, with heavy equipment immediately – in a big way.”
Weiss added that right after the May 2 attack, military forces were preoccupied with the search for the shooter, which is how the opportunity was created at Evyatar.
“It’s not that someone gave us freedom of movement,” she says, “but a situation arose, and families started to arrive. And then the war [between Israel and Hamas, in the Gaza Strip] broke out.” In other words, another factor that kept the army busy.
Weiss was not aware of the report in the daily Maariv on January 11 to the effect that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu issued a directive asking that the Supreme Planning Council approve the construction of 400 additional residential units in Beit El, Evyatar, Shavei Shomron and other settlements.
Some of the structures brought into Evyatar are mobile homes that have seen better days; other buildings have been assembled on site from prefab components (such as walls, windows, closets and so on), and there are several concrete structures as well. Last week the settlers started paving the internal streets with asphalt. Last Tuesday the parking lot was still unpaved; by Thursday it was covered with asphalt.
Piles of plywood were lying on the ground – awaiting assembly. In addition to the study hall, and a small grocery which is supposed to become a supermarket, there is already a nursery school with a small playground and a swath of artificial grass.
Last Tuesday many children could be seen, as well as about 10 women and some 20 to 30 young men, most of them armed with rifles or pistols, “but not all of them,” says Weiss. “If only there were more armed men.”
There is no fence around the outpost, an approach that she says is in keeping with her decades-old philosophy, implemented in her own settlement, Kedumim – to the effect that fencing is a sign of fear and weakness. Nor were any soldiers seen at the outpost on Tuesday. Weiss says that they were in Beita. According to a post on the website Hakol Hayehudi, the “Israeli canine unit” – a private organization based in the settlement of Tapuah – sent guard dogs and their handlers to Evyatar, along with technological means of protection.
Some 90 percent of the work going on at the outpost is being done on a voluntary basis, Weiss says; low wages are being paid to those hired to work. Nahala is responsible for bringing in the heavy machinery (shovels, a cement mixer, and so on). During the first days at the site, residents of the surrounding Palestinian villages noticed that uniformed troops were helping with the construction. Weiss says they were apparently soldiers “who saw and became enthusiastic about building the land – soldiers who are often bored and are happy when there’s action. But there’s no need, because there are loads of young people who are working here.”
A crowdsourcing campaign directed by Zvi Sukkot, an associate of the head of the Samaria Regional Council, a member of the hard-right Otzma Yehudit party and a spokesman for the settlement of Yitzhar – has brought in donations totaling about 1,200,000 shekels (about $370,000). The settling "cell" registered for Evyatar is one of seven organized by Nahala. Weiss adds that a number of families with eight or nine children have moved to the outpost (they have been allocated concrete structures, which are larger than the mobile homes). Two of the families in the cell are from Petah Tikva and the rest from West Bank settlements.
Many people supporting the effort at Evyatar have made pilgrimages to the site, including the rabbi of Safed Shmuel Eliyahu; Rabbi Elyakim Levanon of the Samaria Regional Council, Rabbi Shimon Rosenzweig of Tapuah; MKs Miki Zohar (Likud) and Amichai Shikli (Yamina); and members of the Bnei Akiva youth movement. Last Shabbat residents hosted hundreds of supporters.
MK Mossi Raz (Meretz) turned to Defense Minister Benny Gantz on May 3, the day the establishment of the outpost was declared, and demanded its immediate evacuation in order to prevent an escalation of tensions. He traveled to the village of Beita “in order to ask permission from the legal landowners to go up [to the outpost] in order to see what was happening on their land, and to console them in their mourning.” Raz told Haaretz that his letter to Gantz, which warned about the crime being perpetrated by the settlers “was totally ignored and has not been answered to this day. Settlements are a war crime that must not be ignored.”The purpose of this article is to explain the basics of the divorce process in Iowa. Of course, if you ever have any questions about divorce, child custody and support, or other family law issues, please call Carr & Wright and ask to speak to one of our attorneys. Divorce (or “dissolution of marriage“) is a very serious matter with long reaching legal implications. That is why we recommend speaking to an experienced family law attorney, such as one of the fine attorneys in our office.
The first step is the actual filing for divorce, and the person filing the petition for divorce will forever be referred to as the “Petitioner”. His/her spouse will become the “Respondent.” Getting the petition right is crucial, because in the Petition you ask the court to grant you certain things in the divorce – such as custody, child support, property division, and alimony, as well as asking the other party to share in the court costs and attorney fees. You must also show that the Court has jurisdiction to decide those matters. This can be a complicated matter, especially if children are involved, so it is important to bring a lot of information with you when you first meet with your attorney.
One big complaint we often hear is that it takes a long time to finalize a divorce, especially when child custody is being determined. This is true, but one way to get a temporary order is to ask the Court for a hearing on temporary matters. Through this process, you are able to get a court hearing on matters such as custody, support, alimony, etc. much earlier than waiting to settle your divorce or going to trial.
Assuming the Respondent has filed his/her Answer, the case proceeds to sharing information and discovery. Now, the Court requires the parties to exchange some information without Discovery, such as financial information and affidavits, but in most cases, Discovery is essential.
The Court will also likely require that the parties attempt mediation prior to trial. Mediation is a process where the parties, and their attorneys, meet with a third party (called a mediator) and try to reach an amicable solution. The mediator is usually another attorney, someone with family law experience, but without any connection to the case itself. Mediation is important because it helps parties find a middle ground to their dispute – something that both parties can live with.
If mediation is not successful, then the parties will need to set a trial date. Preparing for the divorce trial involves a large amount of work, so it is important that you and your attorney keep in contact in the weeks leading to trial. A future blog post will address the divorce trial process more thoroughly, but needless to say, it can be an emotionally-draining, and costly, process. That is why, if there are things that can be agreed to (such as certain property division or custody issues), that those be agreed upon, or “stipulated” to, prior to trial. That way, the judge can focus on the remaining contested issues.Property For Rent Leeds,UK
For sale by real estate agent - Leeds
Property to rent
6 Bed House share for Rent
$487 | £350 | €403
ForRent SqFt Area 0Baths 0Beds
This semi-detached property is attractive from the outside with its driveway and front garden. There is a large, modern, beech effect kitchen with washing machine, dishwasher and a microwave, this joins onto the open plan lounge that is all lit with ceiling spot lights. On the first floor are two bedrooms, one at the front of the house and the other at the rear and a convenient bathroom with shower cubicle, WC and basin. Upstairs are a further four bedrooms and another bathroom, the upstairs bathroom comes with bath, shower, WC and basin. All bedrooms are furnished with magnolia wood furniture and double beds. Available 1st July 20196 bedrooms
Not mentionedeveryjobforme.com has been visited by 100K+ users in the past month
Seasonal / Temp Jobs. Apply To Spartan Human Resources In Your Area. Now Hiring - Submit an Application. Browse Full & Part Time Positions.
Results From The WOW.Com Content Network.
A new law (nicknamed Polish: specustawa, lit. special law) to manage a possible epidemic of COVID-19 or other infectious diseases in Poland via administrative, budgetary and epidemiological measures passed through a first reading by a parliamentary committee and through second and third readings by the Polish lower house of parliament, the Sejm, on 1 and 2 March, with 400 votes out of 418 in ... ...
Plan, analyze & publish content in a few clicks with Later. Start for free today! Scheduling your social media content is as simple as dragging-and-dropping with Later.
Discover the latest breaking news in the U.S. and around the world — politics, weather, entertainment, lifestyle, finance, sports and much more..
everyjobforme.com has been visited by 100K+ users in the past month
Seasonal / Temp Jobs. Apply To Spartan Human Resources In Your Area. Now Hiring - Submit an Application. Browse Full & Part Time Positions.Details.
Reviews & Quotes
. "
Anja Slawisch, German Archaeological Institute, Istanbul
Bryn Mawr Classical Review (2014.07.28)Avoid the lines at the DMV!
Renewing your California Auto or Truck registration has never been easier. We are authorized by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles to provide this service to the general public.
We can renew your auto, truck, motorcycle, trailer, & boat registration.
Payment can be made at our location or by phone and we will provide you with your tags and registration within minutes. No appointment is necessary.
Didn’t receive a renewal notice, or it’s overdue?
No worries! We can help and provide this service for you without a renewal notice. We will also let you know if it’s time to get a smog check.
We are your local California motor vehicle registration service providing a need that can save you hassle-free time.1. What is the focal point of your outfit?
Once you are dressed, walk away from the mirror for a few minutes—check your email, make a snack—whatever you need to do to clear your mind and avoid looking at yourself. Now go back to your full-length mirror and assess your outfit with fresh eyes. What about your outfit grabs your attention? Is it the neckline of your shirt? The sparkle on your bracelet? The belt around your waist? On any outfit, there is going to be one dominant focal point—a place on your outfit where your eye naturally rests. Often these are places where there is some sort of sparkle or embellishment, or where there is an especially bright color. If you are wearing all solids and one print, the print will probably be the focal point. If you are wearing a bunch of prints and only one solid, the solid may be the focal point.
Once you find it, ask yourself, "Is this something I want people to look at—or is it just distracting?" If you feel good about it, great! If not, replace it or add a new eye-catching element somewhere else on your outfit.
2. Does everything fit properly?
Are there awkward bulges you wish were not there? Is your blouse pulling across the chest? Does your zipper not go up all the way? Is anything sagging? Sometimes these issues are solved by tweaking your layers—a less-padded bra, a more fitted sweater, etc. Sometimes you need to go to a tailor to address them. And sometimes it's something as simple as a temporary fluctuation in your weight, so that what looked good one week doesn't look good the next week, but may look good again the week after that. The important thing is identifying the issue, fixing it if you can, and moving on if you can't.
3. Are there visible flaws on any of your clothes or accessories?
If it's a little thing that you can fix right then and there, just do it. It takes a few seconds to trim a few loose threads, buff a scuff off your shoe, or run a lint roller over your butt. Unless you are fleeing for your life, there is no situation in which you don't have 30 seconds to spare.
If it's something bigger, like a hole, stain, missing button, or missing beads from an embellishment or accessory, take it off and either pack it in your bag to take to the dry cleaner/tailor while you are out, or set it aside to deal with later—ideally somewhere prominent and close to your front door so you don't forget about it.
Every time you wear something busted, you become more accepting of such flaws throughout your wardrobe. Soon nothing short of a giant hole directly over your boob will be likely to catch your attention, at which point you are in real danger of becoming officially sloppy. If you wouldn't buy something in that condition, then you shouldn't wear it in that condition.
4. Can you take off your jacket without ruining your whole outfit?
What about your hat or scarf? No matter how great your outerwear is, at some point you are going to get hot and have to take it off. Will this change your look? Of course it will! But it shouldn't ruin the outfit. If removing your jacket takes your style from 10 to 2, then it is in your own best interest to make some sort of a change.
5. Do you feel powerful?
Fuck "fine." Fuck "good." And fuck "cute." The question is, do you feel powerful in this outfit? Strong? Confident? Energized? If you walk out your front door and run into the love of your life, will you be glad you wore this outfit or will you wish you had chosen something else? If your boss asks you to got to an important meeting or give a big presentation, will you feel underdressed or will you know that whatever comes your way, at least your outfit is on point? Don't settle for just being "comfortable" or "appropriate" or even "trendy." A great outfit is one that makes you feel like you can take on the world, because when you feel powerful, amazing things start to happen.
***
This article originally appeared on Cosmopolitan.com. Minor edits have been made by the Cosmo.ph editors.Citi Hoops Classic Tickets
Madison Square Garden | Manhattan, New York
Citi Hoops Classic fans are getting excited and it’s easy to see why as Madison Square Garden announces their live show! All of this will take place on Saturday 8th December 2018 – so what are you waiting for?! Book your tickets today!
Your Comments₴42kAvg. Base Salary (UAH) Computer Science (MCS), Computer Science (CS), ranked by salary
Years of Experience
Early Career
33.3%
Mid Career
50.0%
This data is based on 6 survey responses.
Gender Breakdown
Male
83.3%
Avg. Salary: ₴25k - ₴48k
This data is based on 6 survey responses. Learn more about the gender pay gap.Gingerbread Miracle (2021) Movie Download
/>.
Genre: Drama | Romance
IMDB Rating Live:
IMDB Rating: 7.6/10 From 59 Users
Resolution; 1280×720
Directed by: Michael M. Scott
Starring: Jon-Michael Ecker , Lini Evans , Jordan Gooden
Release Name: gingerbreadmiracle2021720phdtvx264-crimson
Release Date; November 5, 2021 (United States)
Audio: English | AAC | 160 kb/s
Runtime: 1 h 23 min
Subtitles: N/ADescription
I’m Maleika, the famous cheetah from Kenya’s Masai Mara, and I would like to show you how we cheetahs see the Leopards.
Synopsis
Few people can see the difference between cheetahs and leopards. Well, we cheetahs have longer legs, as we hunt with great intensity and speed. Our faces have typical tear-stripes and there are black spots on our fur. Leopards are animals of sheer power and they have rosettes on their backs and bellies. They can be quite dangerous for us cheetahs, so, I had to teach my kids to avoid any encounters with them. It’s a good thing leopard are significantly slower than us. But during the night, leopards are the stars.
So we cheetahs prefer to sleep out in the open because leopards are likely to stalk in the dense underbrush. Leopards can sneak around without any noise – even between dry twigs, because her paws are softer than ours. They are the restless ghost of the savannah.
Country: Germany
Duration: 52′
Year of Production: 2020
Director: Matto Barfuss
Producer: Matto Barfuss
Resolution: 2K & 4K
Language: English
IMDB:
Available Territories: Worldwide excluding Spain (RTVE)During May 2021 we released completely redesigned versions of our tools and drivers for data acquisition from machines with Heidenhain controllers and its output to Business Information Systems, Databases, MTConnect and OPC UA.
Enables simultaneous reading and output of data from up to 54 controllers per CNCnetPDM software instance:
Upgrade Instructions:
Allows writing and reading of single machine parameters or PLC values from different areas:
Reads PLC data from selectable areas and enables to scan for target values:
Acquires typical machine data and outputs PLC data according to the controller type detected:
Release Notes for all programs and drivers:
For all drivers and programs cost free time-limited licenses are available, please contact us if you have any questions!
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use it you agree to our privacy policy.NATO Wales is likely to be a historic summit
With the withdrawal of NATO forces from Afghanistan nearly complete, at one stage it looked like the summit next week in Newport might not have been amongst the most important gatherings in the Alliance's history.
But a combination of concerns have sprung up which have led to the Prime Minister calling it a 'pivotal' summit. Meanwhile one expert said it's likely to 'go down in history' and a former Foreign Office minister told me that what's decided here in Wales could shape NATO's future.
Right at the top of the agenda will be dealing with instability in Ukraine and the increasingly tense relationship with Russia since it annexed Crimea. Ukraine's not a member of NATO but has developed good relations with the alliance.
Recent talks between Vladimir Putin and Ukraine's President Poroshenko don't seem to have eased the situation at all - but Ukraine’s president will be the only leader of a non-NATO country to be at Newport where he’ll have a separate summit meeting. It’s also likely that next week, the NATO leaders will decide to deploy troops in the Baltic states along the Russian border for the first time.
Former Foreign Office Minister Kim Howells says that move is almost a return to the Cold War that occupied NATO's attention for the first forty years of its existence.
A big question is how to tackle home-grown Islamist militants such as those from Cardiff who appeared in a recruitment video for the jihadi group Islamic State.
In the Middle East itself, the murder of the American journalist James Foley is the latest sign of the growth of Islamic State. The US carried out air strikes on I-S targets in Iraq and is looking at doing the same in Syria, having carried out air surveillance.
Any such action would involve the US and a 'coalition of the willing' rather than NATO which has avoided involvement in Syria, although in 2012 it did send patriot missiles to the border between Syria and Turkey, in order to protect that member country against any potential threat.
The uncertainty is why David Cameron called the Newport summit a 'pivotal' one:
That sense that 'NATO should adapt' is echoed by one academic at Cardiff University, who told me that the Newport summit should consider the question of what the purpose of the alliance is in the 21st Century. Dr. Christian Buerger says NATO has had significant successes dealing with maritime piracy and cyber terrorism, threats it should perhaps give more attention to in the future.
It was already clear that the Newport summit will be a big deal for Wales, whether or not you agree with it. It's also now clear that it will be a big deal for the alliance with potentially huge implications.Has American actor Philip Anthony-Rodriguez died? Or is he still alive?
Living or Dead? Celebrities, films, tv shows, birthdays, deaths ... your one-stop shop to satisfy your morbid curiosity.
Philip Anthony-Rodriguez born on 10 March 1968 in Brooklyn. He is a citizen of United States of America. He lives at Los Angeles.
He is an American actor.
Philip Anthony-Rodriguez has worked as an actor, television actor and voice actor.A new Pentagon study warns that losing access to Russian-made rocket engines would have a "significant impact" on the U.S.'s military space program, a Pentagon spokeswoman confirmed.
The engines power the Atlas V rockets that launch U.S. military satellites into space, and losing them would delay as many as 31 missions and cost the U.S. as much as $5 billion, according to the study.
"The department has been briefed on the findings and recommendations of the RD-180 Engine Study and is working with interagency stakeholders to evaluate the way ahead. At this point, no decisions have been made," Maureen Schumann, a Pentagon spokeswoman, told The Hill.
Lawmakers say the U.S. should not be relying on Russian rocket engines for such sensitive national security missions.
On May 13, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said he would ban exports of the engines.
There is currently no alternative to the engines, but the pending 2015 House Defense bill would devote $220 million to developing an alternative U.S.-made engine by 2019.
According to Space News, the Pentagon report recommends accelerating the current schedule of Russian-engine purchases.
"Actions must be taken in [fiscal year 2014] to mitigate current risk and preserve future options," said a summary of the report obtained by Space News.
Deliveries of the engines began speeding up last month.
—This report was updated at 11:25 a.m."
This is fantastic! Be assured I will sing your praises to everyone I meet.
"
Read more
Client Testimonials
Church & Charity Partnership Scheme Get a 10 % Tithe FROM US
Our Tithes and Offerings
Christians in Need Charity
Tell Us What You Think!
HOW To Advertise or Sell With Us
HOW To Advertise or Sell With Us
Price List – You Buy From Here
Price List - Extra Information
Prices - General Information
Why Advertise With Us?
Why Buy, Sell & Trade with Christians?
Fabulous Opening Offers
Profile Adverts - About
Banner Adverts - About
Artwork Charges
Events & What's On - Sell Tickets or Advertise online
Items and Products - Sell or Advertise Online
Sponsorship - Raise Money for Your Cause
Promote Special Offers or Discount Vouchers Online
Sales and Marketing Services
I am Looking For?
I am Looking For? - Main Page
Tradespeople & Small Traders
Business - main page
FIND a Business
Trading Agreements, Mergers and Businesses Wanted
Business Articles
Employment - Jobs & Find Work
Job Vacancies
Christians Looking For Work
Employment Articles
Churches - Find a Church
Charities & Organisations
Charity Help & Advice Articles
Ministries - Find a Ministry
Health and Related Services
Conference & Event Centres
Sponsorship - Find Help or Finance
Sponsorship Help & Advice Articles
Computing & Technology
Technology Articles
Education - Find the Perfect Place to Learn
Insurance Services
Insurance Help & Articles
Legal Services
Legal Help & Articles
Financial Services
Finance Help & Articles
I want to Buy or Rent?
I want to Buy or Rent? - Main Page
Extra Services From Us
Events & What's On - Buy Tickets Here Online
Christian Holidays & Travel - main page
Christian Hotels, B&B's, Activity & Retreat Centre
Christian Holiday Homes + Villas & Apartments
Christian Holidays
Christian Travel Special Offers & Late Availabilit
Airlines and Flights
Ferries and Self - Drive HolidayLead Zinc Ore Beneficiation Plant/Minerial Processing PlantJaw.Mineral ProcessingGrinding Mills, Crushers & Process Plants40+ Years. Mining Industry Experience & Expertise. AM King is the leading marketplace for surplus mining and processing equipment, globally. For over 40 years AMK has made it their mission to transform how unused and used assets can add value to any and every mining operation.HomeMachine &
Sand making equipment. 88%. 72%. Spare Parts. 72%. - Customer Case -. Delivering the Best Stone Crushing & Screening Solutions. China's mining machinery manufacturing brand, more professional technology, innovation, opening up, create a win-win platform, words must be done, deeds must be resolute, consistent with words and deeds!Canola crusher planned for southern Sask.May 25, 2021· The proposed state-of-the-art facility will have the capacity to process between 1.1 million and 1.2 million tonnes of canola annually and produce .Automatic Setting Regulation (ASRi) crusher automation.Rockwood Wear PartsRock.D. K. Food Processing Machine.Recovery of Silver, Gold, and Lead From a Complex SulfideProposed process for recovering of silver, gold, lead, and zinc from complex Lead cathode from semicontinuous cell operation..... 12 12. Flow diagram for silver, gold, lead, and zinc recovery from a complex 10 mesh in a laboratory roll crusher. Charges weighing 1 kg were wet-ground in distilled water at 50 pct solids using a 10-kg ballpriceMineral Processing ProductsStateRETSesse GutierrezAbout Crusher & Process Solutions, LLC is an equipment and parts sales company. Our target markets and industries include Arizona & New Mexico mining, aggregate, construction and power generationCan crusher manufacturing materialsJan 26, 2015· There are different types of can crushers by their usage, looks, size, placement and also manufacturing material. As consists of multiple parts like crushing mechanism, leveler, hinges, grip, pins and others, each of these parts can be made from various types of materialsAir FormsNon-Metallic Mineral Processing. DEQ Form # Rock Crushers & Sand & Gravel Application For Lead-Based Paint Contractors (not RRP) DEQ Form # Lead-Based Paint Abatement Notification [Adobe PDF] / DEQ Form # LBP Quarterly Report Form (Inspector/Risk Assessor)supplier of non metallic mineral processing crusher inMobileOutdoor Range Lead Reclamation — A Process That Can PayOct 24, 2018· Bullets and bullet fragments are expected to be around a quarter- to a half-inch or bigger (6.35mm to 12.7mm or larger). Lead shot can vary from 1.5mm to 2.0mm in diameter. The second reason has to do with lead impact on the soil. On rifle and pistol ranges, berms are designed to receive and concentrate lead in areas behind targetsYou Auto Recycle Vehicle Recycling Manualremove lead wheel weights. Remove fuel and battery. Warning! Newer hybrid cars may come with lithium batteries. These batteries will cause fires or explosions if crushed or shredded. Ensure removal by a skilled and trained mechanic prior to processing. Lithium batteries must be recycled as soon as possible.Lead Management Process: How To Re-Engage and Grow theYour lead management process will be the guide that you refer back to when you're lost, providing clear direction and a focus on your destination. If you want to increase your revenue, decrease your cost of sales, and retain more customers, you won't get very far without a lead management process in place.PCB Recycling Machine, E Waste Circuit Board RecyclingTheGrinding MediaT.Beneficiation process of Lead Zinc(Zn) OreBeneficiation process of Lead Zinc (Zn) Ore. Ore mining jaw crusher initially preliminary broken, broken to a reasonable fine in the post-degree via elevator, vibrating feeder evenly into the ball mill, the ball of the ore crushing, grinding. After ball mill grinding of ore fines into the next process: classification..Energy FAQs
Answers to frequently asked energy management questions.
You Have Questions, We Have Answers
Q: What is the difference between NUS and its competitors?
A: NUS Consulting Group is an independent energy management consulting firm. Since 1933, we have been privately-owned and therefore free to focus exclusively on servicing our clients’ long-term needs rather than the short-term priorities of a large conglomerate or energy company.
Q: How do energy brokers and energy consultants differ?
A: Energy brokers provide procurement for a commission – a supplemental charge applied to your price of energy. This commission is added to every unit of energy you consume – the more you consume, the more the broker makes. Energy broker always give the same advice – you need a long-term contract. This maximizes their brokerage fee and minimizes their work. In contrast, energy consultants provide a range of services (invoice processing, on-line data information services, analysis, procurement, risk management, budgeting, CO2 tracking) for a fixed fee. A client retains and pays an energy consultant so long as it continues to be a value-added partner.
Q: Why outsource energy management?
A: Energy markets are complex and unique. While commodity price becomes more volatile, non-commodity costs continue to increase across the markets. It takes time, resources and market expertise to collect, manage and monitor energy data for multiple sites, especially internationally. Since neither the energy management department nor energy data management tools is core to your business, it is more cost-effective to outsource the entire energy management process to an energy specialist with the expertise and leading-edge systems to support your needs.
Q: How difficult is it to implement an EMS program?
A: It is easy to implement an energy management program, but the on-boarding process depends on your current situation. If you do not have a program in place – the implementation process involves the collection of your most recent year’s energy invoices and supply contracts and some basic accounting information. If you have an existing program in place –your historic energy data can typically be transferred from your old vendor to your new vendor along with your energy supply contracts.
Q: What are the differences between invoice processing and bill payment?
A: Invoice processing and bill payment are similar in that both receive your invoices directly from your energy suppliers, capture bill data, and code invoices with your accounting information. After that, the processes diverge. In bill payment, your vendor asks you to prefund the supplier payments by transferring funds to their accounts – they hold your funds and then pay your invoices. In invoice processing, your vendor sends you a payment data file with your invoices (including accounting codes) that need to be paid – you upload the file to your accounting system and pay the invoices. Big differences between the two solutions are (i) with invoice processing you keep control of your money, and (ii) invoice processing vendors are focused on capturing essential energy data not just the required payment fields.
Q: How should EMS consultants get paid?
A: Typically, energy management service consultants receive a fixed fee for services provided. This monthly fee is dependent upon the scope of services provided, the number of sites to be managed as part of the project and the number of states/countries in which the sites are located.
Q: What is the best way to transition between EMS providers?
A: When you are switching energy management service providers, it is best to arrange for a short period of overlap between vendors – typically 1 or 2 months, depending upon the size and scope of the project. The short overlap allows an orderly transition of services between vendors, including the transfer of energy data, supply contracts, trading positions, risk management documentation, sustainability targets, and other related information. It also ensures that no critical path items are missed in the handoff between vendors.
Q: How do I reduce my energy costs in a regulated market?
A: In a regulated energy market, there is no competition. In short, you have no option to shop among energy suppliers. Local regulated utilities, however, typically provide several rates and tariff options to consumers. In these markets, one way to save money is to analyze and optimize these various options against your site’s energy demand profile. Another way is to evaluate both energy efficiency and renewable energy options, including energy audits and on-site generations.
Q: How does an EMS program support sustainability reporting?
A: A good energy management program will include energy invoice processing – i.e., capturing images of invoices as well as essential invoice data and using this information to validate your energy bills. Aside from ensuring that you are not overpaying invoices, this energy invoice data is used to support your sustainability reporting.
Q: How can I use my energy data?
A: A comprehensive and accurate energy database is an invaluable asset. It will help identify facility outliers with high energy consumption or cost and take corrective actions quickly. Also, an energy database is a vital tool is supporting energy-related capital allocation decisions, i.e. investment in lighting and solar, building retrofits or equipment replacement.
Q: What is the best energy risk management strategy?
A: Energy risk management is not a "one size fits all" solution. Each organization's procurement objectives, sustainability targets, and risk tolerance are different. As such, the best risk management strategy is one that identifies and considers your organization’s particular requirements and is tailored to meet your goals.
Q: What ROI can I expect on an EMS program?
A: A good energy management program should, at a minimum, pay for itself while also allowing you to focus your time and resource on your core business. Most good providers return a few multiples of their annual fee. When measuring an energy management service program, you must consider both indirect (avoided costs, process improvements, benefits from shared energy data) as well as direct benefits (refunds and savings).Fodor's San Francisco: With the Best of Napa & Sonoma (Full-Color Travel Guide #29) (Paperback)
Other Books in Series
This is book number 29 its incredible natural beauty, vibrant neighborhoods, and endless energy, San Francisco is one of the most alluring of U.S. cities. This new edition is a traveler's guide to the best of the best, from how to explore Golden Gate Park and the Mission District's street art, to where to find the city's top museums, boutiques, bars, and restaurants.
Fodor's San Francisco includes:
- UP-TO-DATE COVERAGE: A revised Marin County, Berkeley, and Oakland chapter covers everything hip and happening in this booming Bay Area. Bay Area peninsula towns like Moss Beach and Half Moon Bay give readers even more options for day trips. A revamped Wine Country chapter with new reviews on lush wineries and sumptuous new spas gives travelers reasons to head to Napa and Sonoma.
- ILLUSTRATED FEATURES: Full-color, magazine-style features illuminate the most distinctive aspects of San Francisco, including Chinatown, Alcatraz, the cable cars, the nearby wine country, city architecture, and more.
- INDISPENSABLE TRIP PLANNING TOOLS: Features on top attractions, free things to do, and what to do with kids make it easy to plan a vacation. Best Bets charts for restaurants and hotels; easy-to-read color neighborhood maps; and tips on how to get around give easy access to the best of San Francisco.
- DISCERNING RECOMMENDATIONS: Fodor's San Francisco offers savvy advice and recommendations from seasoned updaters to help travelers make the most of their time. Fodor's Choice designates our best picks, from hotels to nightlife.
- COVERS: Union Square, Mission District, Castro, Chinatown, North Beach, Nob Hill, Golden Gate Park, Wine Country, and more.
Planning on visiting the rest of California? Check out Fodor's state-wide guide to California, Fodor's Northern California, Fodor's Southern California, Fodor's Napa & Sonoma, and Fodor's San Diego.Feb 02 2021
07:44 AM
Dear Community,
Current invite emails from MS Teams are impractical in their lack of date and time.
Many people have multimple meetings, and must guess what the link is (and when the meeting is going to happen) either from the sender identity or from some other context.
It would have been great if the email contained at least date and time, while more data would suffice.
If that is not going to be made default - is there a way to add this functionality to my account or client application?
Thanks.
AndriiFolding love letters and carefully placing them
In a box underneath my bed
When I drink I read over them
I'm much stronger than I was when I knew her,
But see here, see here,
Doesn't mean we should have never met,
It doesn't mean we should have never met.
We had a lot of awful shit go down,
Never love again you swore
I said things I'll probably go to hell for
We both felt really young
But anyway that was a long time ago,
So see here, see here,
Doesn't mean I can't wish her the best,
I hope she gets that job in IrelandBoard of Intermediate and Secondary Education Swat board is formerly known as BISESS. a body that provides the services of education of the best quality at the Swat division. Bise Saidu Sharif Swat Board has announced the schedule and BISE Swat Special Exam Date sheet 2021 for Higher Secondary School Certificate part 2. On Thursday 25th November 2021 Swat Board special exam will be held.
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education Swat is also responsible to hold the exams of Matric and Intermediate at the division level. BISE Swat Special Exam Date sheet 2021 date has been announced. It is hereby announced for general information by education minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Swat HSSC part 2 special exam date sheet download from here.
Download BISE Swat Special Exam Date Sheet 2021 Saidu Sharif Sawat
KPK Bise Swat Boards Swat has been established in 1992 by the Govt of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Swat division consists of 3 districts are Shangla, Buner, and Swat. BISE Swat Board Intermediate date sheet special exam 2021 has been uploaded by this autonomous authority. 12th Class special exam date sheet available at his portal.
BISE Swat Special Exam Fee Structure
Candidates of HSSC should submit the application form online at the below link. Check online admission forms and fee structure to apply for the Swat board HSSC Admission exam 2021. Fee submission last date for a regular and private candidates is 10/11/2021 for normal admission fee, 15/11/2021 is a double admission fee and 17/11/2021 is a triple admission fee.Poutini: A Guardian Taniwha
A tale from He Korero Pūrākau Mo Ngā Taunahanahatanga a Ngā Tūpuna (Place Names Of The Ancestors) - A Māori Oral History Atlas
Poutini is the name of the taniwha swimming up and down the West Coast of the South Island protecting both the people and the spiritual essence or mauri of pounamu, greenstone. Poutini guards the mauri within the treasured stone. The mana or spiritual force of pounamu comes from Kahue (or Ngahue) an atua. Poutini as protector of the stone is the servant of Kahue. Poutini once abducted a woman,. The Poutini Ngāi Tahu is the calling given to Kāti Waewae, the section of Ngāi Tahu connected to the West Coast.
Poutini was a taniwha, a giant water being. He was guardian for Kahue (Ngahue), the atua or deity of pounamu, greenstone. The only being that Poutini feared was another taniwha named Whatipū, the guardian for Hinehōaka, the atua of hōaka, sandstone. Grinding with sandstone 'knives' was the only way the tūpuna could cut the tough pounamu stone.
Once, when Poutini was being pursued in the oceans by Whatipū, he took refuge in a shady corner of a bay at Tūhua (Mayor Island). It was early morning. Lying quietly in the still morning water, Poutini saw a beautiful woman coming down to the water's edge to bathe. Her name was Waitaiki. He watched as she removed her clothes and slipped into the sea. He lusted after her.
Disregarding the danger of being discovered by his enemy, Whatipū, he slipped through the waters of the bay and with a swirl of water — and not a sound — he caught Waitaiki and fled with her across the sea towards the mainland.
Meanwhile, back at Tūhua, Waitaiki's husband, Tamāhua, woke and called to his wife. No answering call came and, disturbed, he went looking for her. He found her clothes at the water's edge and knew that some dreadful fate had befallen her. Distraught, he went to his tūāhu (place of ritual) and sought to discover her fate by the powers of karakia (incantation) and divination. He used a tekateka to gain the knowledge he sought. A tekateka is a small, dart-like spear. He hurled it in the air and it hung there quivering and pointing to the mainland in the direction taken by Poutini and his beautiful captive, Waitaiki. Rushing to his canoe, Tamāhua paddled off in pursuit.
Poutini had stopped at Tahanga on the Coromandel Peninsula and lit a fire on the beach to warm Waitaiki. Then he fled across the land to Whangamatā on the western shore of Lake Taupō where he lit another fire for Waitaiki. Meanwhile, Tamaāhua landed on the beach at Tahanga and discovered the fire, but the ashes were cold. Using his tekateka again to divine the direction of his quarry, he took off in pursuit, eventually arriving at Whangamatā. He discovered the remains of the second fire and, again resorting to use of his tekateka, travelled on in pursuit of Poutini and Waitaiki, still ignorant of what had happened or who was involved.
The chase went on — fires and tekateka at every pause. To Rangitoto or D'Urville Island, to Whangamoa in the hills above Whakatū (Nelson) and to Onetāhua or Farewell Spit. Then down the western coast of the South Island to Pāhua near Punakaiki and on past Māwheranui, past Taramakau and Arahura, right to Mahitahi where the tūpuna when travelling south left the land and took to the sea using canoes. As he crossed the mouth of the Arahura River, Tamāhua noticed the water was not as cold as the water of other rivers he had been crossing, but he was too hot in pursuit to waste time — the tekateka was drawing him southwards.
By canoe he paddled south from Mahitahi to Takiwai at the mouth of Piopiotahi, Milford Sound. Here he found the tekateka hovering in the air and pointing back along the route he had just come. Frustrated and angry, he headed north again following the tekateka. It paused, waiting for him, at the mouth of the Arahura River, where he had noted the water was warmer on his journey south. By incantations he knew that his beloved Waitaiki was in distress up the Arahura River valley. He prepared himself, as a warrior, for battle.
Poutini was indeed hiding in the upper Arahura River, by a stream which flows into the main river. That stream we call today Waitaiki. He knew, because he was of the atua, that Tamaāhua was coming up river, prepared to kill him. He knew he had little chance of escape should he be found, but he did not want to leave his beautiful captive. Deciding that if he couldn't have her then no-one else would either, he changed her into his own essence — pounamu — and laid the woman-stone in the bed of the river, just by the junction of the stream now called Waitaiki with the main river. Then he slipped silently away downstream, right past the wrathful husband, Tamāhua, striding up intent on destruction. Poutini swam to the coast and ever since he has cruised its waters as the kaitiaki, guardian spirit, of the land and its sacred stone.
That is why the coast is known as Te Tai Poutini, 'the tides of Poutini'.
Tamaāhua found his beautiful wife Waitaiki. She was lying in her final bed, all grey-green and smooth — īnanga stone. He began to tangi for her and for himself at his loss. When his tangi was complete he looked around him and named two hills, Tūhua after his island home, and another Tamāhua after himself. He then began the long return journey whence he had come. He married another woman and had many children and is known in the traditions of several tribes of the Coromandel coast/northern Bay of Plenty region.
Ever since those ancient times, when the winter snows melt in spring and the waters tumble down the wild Arahura gorges, pieces of pounamu are broken off the great body of Waitaiki and make their way down the riverbed. These are the uri, children, of Waitaiki, the mother lode of the stone and the parent of the mauri that lies within pounamu.
This story is really an oral map of the ancient quarries from which the tūpuna took their valued stones. Tūhua gave them Mayor Island obsidian, a volcanic glass with its own special colour; Tahanga was the great quarry for basalt used in making adzes; Whangamatā takes its name from matā, the ordinary black obsidian. The obsidians were used for sharp knives — the throw-away razor blades of those times.
Rangitoto, D'Urville Island, is the site of the huge quarries where pākohe, metamorphised argillite, was cut from the land. Pākohe was taken too from the high hill Whangamoa. Onetāhua, Farewell Spit, is where 'floater' stones from the Nelson mineral belt are washed up in convenient sizes for shaping into tools and ornaments. The Pāhua flints are found embedded in limestone near Punakaiki. These were specially valued for drilling holes in pounamu. Takiwai at Piopiotahi, Milford Sound, was the quarry for bowenite jade, a soft, translucent stone valued for ornaments but useless for tools because it is not tough and hard like pounamu — the tungsten steel of our tūpuna. The finest pounamu lies in the bed of the Arahura River.
In the story of Poutini are summarised the findings of the first 'geological survey' of New Zealand.
Place Names from the Poutini Story
Stone sources linked in the Poutini story
Reproduced courtesy of the New Zealand Geographic Board copyright.\n\n\n\nI LOVE YOU DAD!\n\n\n\n\n\nFather's Day is just around the corner and Coco Village would like to highlight it. In the same vein as our article "Our precious mothers", we will speak here of "father figure" since the role of a father also goes beyond the status, gender or any limits or labels we wish to impose on it.\nWhether it's your father, daddy, dad, pop or other, we are not necessarily talking about the biological, genetic or official father, but about the person\nwho is for you this father figure.\n\n\n\n\nYoann, Dominik \u0026amp; their twins\n\n\n\n\n\nACTUALLY, WHAT'S A FATHER?\nIt's love, it's a model, a support, a protector, a hug before bedtime, a "climb on my shoulders", ultimately , it's a parent !Father's Day or Mother's Day, basically it's parents' day! We just adjust and celebrate according to our family model.Single parent family?Never mind, let's celebrate our parent twice!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSHARE TO CELEBRATE\nFollowing the success of our #CocoxMama campaign, we're back for Father's Day with #CocoxPapa!Easy as 1-2-3, you just have to share our post right here and Coco will make a donation ($ 1), on your behalf!\nThank you in advance for your participation!The whole Coco Village team wishes you an excellent weekend and a wonderful Father's Day!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLili \u0026amp; Nik\n\n\n\nSébastien \u0026amp; Ethan\n\n\n\nLili \u0026amp; Nik\n\n\n\nLet a work comp lawyer)?”
In Minnesota, hiring a workers’ compensation lawyer is actually fairly painless. In a nutshell, we only get paid if we are successful. I can’t speak for other law firms, but at Bradt Law Offices, we don’t ask for any money up front to cover costs or expenses and you’ll never receive a bill from us. It costs you nothing to hire us and we only get paid if we recover benefits for you.
Attorney Fees Are Set by Law
Not only do we only get paid if we win, but our fees are controlled by law and are the same for every lawyer in every Minnesota work comp case. Attorney fees are 25% of the first $4000 we recover for you, and then 20% after that. The maximum automatic fee under this formula is $13,000 for each date of injury. In the majority of cases, attorney fees never come close to $13,000. In some cases, however, we may receive total fees in excess of $13,000 where there are multiple disputes, prolonged and ongoing litigation or where our client receives a substantial amount of benefits or a large settlement. We never request fees in excess of $13,000 without our clients’ agreement and understanding.(UPDATE: For injuries occurring on or after October 1, 2013, attorney fees are now 20% of all benefits recovered up to an automatic maximum of $26,000)
Situations Where We Might Receive a Fee from Your Benefits
Attorney fees are only paid from disputed benefits. If you hire us and are already receiving wage loss benefits, we do not start taking a percentage of those benefits because we didn’t get them for you. We would represent you from that point forward on any other issues that may come up during the course of your claim. In fact, we sometimes open and close a file without earning any attorney fees because no disputes ever arise. These are examples of some common situations where you might pay attorney fees out of benefits you receive:
- Your claim is denied and we get benefits for you, either by settlement or after a trial
- Your benefits are discontinued and we get them reinstated
- The insurance company is underpaying you and we get your benefits increased
- We negotiate a settlement of your claim
Some Attorney Fees Are Paid by the Insurance Company
Not every dispute in a work comp claim involves money payable to you. For example, the insurance company may be voluntarily paying your wage loss benefits but refusing to approve surgery, an MRI or a referral to a medical specialist. This would be strictly a medical dispute. If we file a claim for the disputed medical issues and win, the insurance company will pay our attorney fees, not you.
Or, if there is a dispute involving a QRC or vocational rehabilitation issues and we win, the insurance company will again have to pay our fees, because we aren’t putting any money in your pocket. Wherever possible, we always try to get the insurance company to pay our fees.
Free Consultation Over the Phone or in Person
At Bradt Law Offices, you can call us anytime with questions about your claim or to see if you might need a lawyer. If you prefer, we can make an appointment to meet in our office, in the hospital or at your home to discuss your case. We will explain the work comp system , what benefits you might be entitled to and whether or not you need a lawyer. There is never a charge for this service or information.
What we recommend
Don’t be afraid to call a lawyer if you have questions about a work comp claim or feel that you’re not being treated fairly by the insurance company. At Bradt Law Offices, we speak with people all the time who simply have questions about a claim but don’t necessarily need an attorney. We are happy to help in any way we can and, very often, people we speak with later end up hiring us when a dispute arises on their claim.
Was this post helpful? Did it answer your questions? If you would like to contact us for a free consultation or to send us an email, CLICK HERE.
Or, leave a comment below.
Thanks again for visiting our blog.rate per night
based on 967 reviews
Offering a sauna, a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi, Hotel Nixe Palace is located in Palma de Mallorca and is a short walk from Cala Major Beach. The various amenities this elegant hotel offers include a chromatherapy bath, free Wi-Fi and a Turkish steam bath.
Guests of Hotel Nixe Palace can indulge themselves with a range of relaxation facilities at Nixe Herbal Spa by Sisley, which features hydrotherapy facilities and a beauty centre. Amenities include facial and body treatments, plus 24-hour room service and a kids club. The hotel also features a well-equipped fitness centre.
Equipped to ensure an enjoyable stay, rooms provide slippers, a pillow menu and a marble bathroom. All are air conditioned and offer an in-room safe, a flat-screen TV and blackout curtains.
Every morning, guests can enjoy breakfast at Bistro 269 or Popa Sea club. There is also the added advantage of an on-site restaurant.
Just a short drive from Palma Aquarium, Palma Cathedral and Son Sant Joan Airport, Hotel Nixe Palace in Palma offers an airport shuttle service for its guests. Iberostar Stadium is a 10-minute car trip away.
Health and safety
General
Services and conveniences
Basics
Pool and spa
Bathroom
Dining
Media and entertainment
Outdoor
Laundry
Parking and transportation
Accessibility and suitability
Things to do
Workspace
Family friendly
Bedroom
Fitness
Nixe Palace Hotel is located at Avenida Joan Miro 269 in Ponent, 4.1 km from the centre of Palma de Mallorca. Playa de Cala Mayor is the closest landmark to Nixe Palace Hotel.
Check-in time is 15:00 and check-out time is 12:00 at Nixe Palace Hotel.
Yes, Nixe Palace Hotel offers free Wi-Fi.
No, Nixe Palace Hotel does not offer free parking.
No, Nixe Palace Hotel does not offer free airport shuttle service.
Nixe Palace Hotel is 10.8 km from Palma de Mallorca Son Sant Joan. Nixe Palace Hotel is 130.4 km from Ibiza.
Yes, Nixe Palace Hotel has a pool on-site.Animation maestro Jorge Gutierrez’s “Maya and the Three” stands out as not only the most ambitious project of his career, but one of Netflix’s most exciting experiments since diving headlong into animation a few years back. One of the streamer’s first announced animated originals, “Maya” will receive high-profile premieres at the Guadalajara International Film Festival (FICG) and BFI London Film Festivals over the next 10 days before hitting the streaming platform on Oct. 22.
Variety spoke with Gutierrez ahead of the series’ privileged place as Guadalajara’s closing screening, where two episodes will play to close out a week of festivities.
One of the most striking aspects of this show is its disregard for format. At four and a half hours total, most episodes are more than 30 minutes long, but the penultimate episode is only 25 minutes followed by a 43-minute finale. You also have vignettes dedicated to certain characters at the beginning of several episodes. Was that formatting done intentionally? And if so, what was the goal?
I’ve been incredibly lucky in that I’ve gotten to make a TV show and a movie in my career. When we finished “The Book of Life,” I realized there was maybe an hour of stuff sitting on the cutting room floor. All these stories and side characters we just had to cut because we didn’t have the budget. I love cold opens, and if you watch something like the “Lord of the Rings” you see there are cold opens where you get little glimpses at the beginning of the second and third films, and that had a huge influence on me. I’m addicted to back stories, so with “Maya” it was like playing a game of Who Can We Give the Most Tragic Backstory? We really kept trying to up the ante. With “Maya” my main budget was time. I had 270-minutes, so I had to be very clever with the emotion of the show and keep people invested, keeping them wanting more.
I think one of my favorite examples of your bucking format is that although the series streams in widescreen, with the black borders above and below the image, the action often spills over into those margins. What was the thinking there?
I love 2.35:1. It’s the aspect ratio of all my favorite movies, and I thought since this is going to be seen at home where we have that ratio, why not play with that space in the narrative? So we use it to accentuate moments or when characters are so powerful that they break out of the frame. It was like another level of storytelling.
Your propensity for breaking from tradition doesn’t stop with format. Narratively this series regularly leads viewers down one path that we’re all familiar with from other media, only to hit us with a surprise turn just as we’re getting comfortable.
You know what it is? When things get too formal, I notice it. Audiences have seen so much now, so when watching we start to call stuff out hours before it happens. So, knowing that, I think “We’ll give you enough to make you think you know where it’s going, and then we’re going to flip it with a big twist.” We’re still gonna give you the stuff you thought was gonna happen, but it will be delivered in different ways. After all, we can’t make a series about a world fighting for survival and then not have a giant battle for the survival of the world at the end! When we make a promise to the audience we have to deliver.
In terms of its ambition both visually and narratively this series is massive. You’ve created a pantheon of gods, a fellowship of characters and it looks like nothing that we’ve seen before, especially in series. Was there ever any worry that things might get too big?
I’m lucky in that I had a brilliant team around me. I’m like a big balloon and they all jumped on my legs to keep me near the ground. As you said, the more fantasy, the more overwhelming and the crazier things can get, and I think conversely the more you need to stay grounded so it feels real. If you’re not careful you can easily let the whole show become about the plot, let it become about the effects. But at the end of the day it’s really about the characters. We kept reminding ourselves that these are kids, Maya is not even 15 years old, so she’s far from perfect and she makes a ton of mistakes. And I think people will see that in this series, her mistakes define her almost as much as her triumphs.
This series has a tremendous amount of respect for its young audience. How important was it to you that you touch on big topics such as infidelity, death and loneliness in a kids’ program? And that you do so without pandering or talking down?
A lot of those things I learned about from movies, not TV, because when I was a kid, movies were taking bigger swings. I was born in 1975, so I learned about divorce from “Kramer vs. Kramer.” Now as a parent and professional storyteller I want to layer my stuff with all these big ideas and make them a normal part of the world. Maya’s world is fantasy inspired, but all the things that happen in the show – parents who don’t want their kids doing certain things, marriages that don’t work out, people passing away – all these things happen to all of us. So the idea was, all the fantasy needed to be grounded in reality.
From “El Tigre” to “The Book of Life” and now with “Maya,” the work you and your long-time life and career partner Sandra Equihua have done has matured along with you. How have your personal lives, getting married and becoming parents, affected the work you do and the stories you tell?
When we made “El Tigre” we were married and didn’t have any kids, so we were coming from the point of view of kids themselves. With “The Book of Life” we’d made that transition to being parents, but our son was still a baby. Now with “Maya,” even though we based it on Sandra’s youth, I definitely side with the parents on a lot of things. I’m worried about Maya, I’m rooting for her. As a creator you evolve as a storyteller. And, although you get older, the work stays the same, so it’s you who changes.
“Maya” was always billed as a one-off event series, but you’ve also said that you sometimes think of it as a Mexican “Lord of the Rings.” Well, that universe also got “The Hobbit,” “The Silmarillion” and a host of other stories. Would you like to do more work set in the Mesoamerican fantasy world you’ve created?
Anyone who sees this series will know there is no sequel coming, but I do love this world and there are a lot of shared universes within it. I definitely want to do more stuff connected to this, maybe before this time period or what comes after, maybe even 500 years after! Sandra keeps joking that I’ve created the Jorgeverse.
More on KentOnline
Home Canterbury News Article
Published: 09:29, 17 November 2010
| Updated: 11:02, 17 November 2010
by Adam Williamsawilliams@thekmgroup.co.uk
Here are the latest snaps of the big revamp taking place at the home of cricket in Kent.
Times are changing at the historic St Lawrence Cricket Ground in Canterbury with work now well underway on its much-anticipated redevelopment.
Our photographer Chris Davey went behind the scenes at Kent County Cricket Club to capture these striking images as the ground undergoes a significant facelift for the start of next season.
During the winter, the club hopes to complete the installation of five retractable floodlight towers and a two-storey dressing room block.
There will also be refurbished facilities for members inside the Chiesman Pavilion and a smarter looking Cowdrey stand.
Bellway Homes has also started work on new homes and flats on the nets and Bat and Ball car park.
Club captain Rob Key helped turn the first sod when work began at the end of September.
Since then, Canterbury contractors Cardy have been busy making changes around the ground.
The small scoreboard next to the members Annexe has been demolished, several chestnut trees along the Old Dover Road entrance have been cut down and the war memorials have been removed by stonemasons and stored.
They will form the centre piece of a new entrance square.
Inside the Chiesman Pavilion, fixtures and fittings have been stripped out, along with the steps at the rear entrance.
As the building was gutted, workmen found a horseshoe located above the doors in the centre of the pavilion, close to the Invicta horse crest. Staff believe it may be a good luck omen.Colleges in Fargo, North Dakota
Colleges in Fargo, North Dakota Statistics
Fargo is a city in North Dakota. According to 2019 Census data, the population is 208,675 (estimated). For the academic year 2019-2020, seven colleges are active for serving college programs in Fargo, North Dakota. In addition, there are 7 colleges located within 30 miles from Fargo.
By school types, there are one public and six private schools. By school levels, there are two 4-years (or high) schools, three 2-4 years schools (community colleges), and two less than 2 years schools (career, technical, or vocational schools) based on the IPEDS data.
All Seven schools offer undergraduate programs and two schools offer graduate programs. The 2020 average tuition & fees of the schools in Fargo, North Dakota is $10,484 for North Dakota residents and $14,508 for out-of-state students.
The average acceptance rate is 94.00% and the average SAT score is 1,136. A total of 13,778 students enrolled in schools in Fargo, North Dakota, of which 930 students enrolled in online degree programs exclusively. The average student to faculty ratio is 13 to 1.
Colleges in Fargo, N Comparison Table
The following table lists 7 colleges located in Fargo and 1 schools near Fargo, North Dakota ordered by distance from Fargo..Suleyman Aydin
Main contact data Suleyman Aydin: address, phone, fax, email, website
Suleyman Aydin
Sex: Male
Region: Erzurum Erzurum merkez
Address: Bursa, Inegol, Burhaniye mah., Uzay sokak 7 Bursa, Inegol, Burhaniye mah., Uzay sokak 7
Telephone: +90 (426) 5734471 +90 (426) 5734471
Website: n/a
Did you find errors in profile "Suleyman Aydin"? - Contact Suleyman Aydin!
If the error is repeated, try later.
Personal data, origin of Suleyman Aydin
Characteristics
Work in Turkey: open vacancies, career, training, practice
Contact box of Suleyman Aydin in popular social networks
Suleyman Aydin in Facebook, LinkedIn. Leave a message for Suleyman Aydin
Location Suleyman Aydin on the Google Maps. Address and contact Suleyman Aydin
Other people related to Suleyman Aydin: Secil Aycicek | Tulay Altay | Binguzel Tasgin | Sakip Inanir | Ansa Engin
It is a profile of Suleyman Aydin on TRP. This person lives in Erzurum Erzurum merkez, Turkey and was born 19/8/1982 in Erzurum. We are able to know an origin of surname Suleyman Aydin, it is a very popular surname among people of Erzurum Erzurum merkez and take itself beginning a lot years ago. We can see a location of Suleyman Aydin on the map. For more information, visit the site or send request to contacts, we can use as well as contact box. Its contact method and full information is above.OnePlus One Smartphone Looking to Raise the Bar Dylan Duarte April 24, 2014 /> The OnePlus One isn’t the slickest smartphone name in the world, but that’s not likely to matter if the phone is as remarkable as OnePlus believes it is. The Hong Kong-based company has pulled out all of the stops in its marketing campaign and for what it’s worth, the OnePlus One does indeed look incredibly slick. The specifications include things like a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 quad-core 2.5GHz processor with Adreno 330 graphics, 3GB of RAM, a 13MP f2.0 rear facing camera by Sony, JBL speakers on the bottom, and a 5.5-inch 1080p LTPS display. It is an Android phone, but it’s not taking the conventional route. Instead, the OnePlus One is powered by CyanogenMod 11s. One aspect of OnePlus’s design philosophy that I truly appreciate is their disinterest in taking up valuable front face space with a logo. Instead, the OnePlus One sports an icon etched into the back, so that the front of the phone is almost entirely screen. This is aided by the recessed display in a device that measures 152.9mm x 75.9mm x 8.9mm, slimming down to 4.6mm at its thinnest point. Perhaps the most impressive feature of the One is the price point. The 16GB and 64GB models can be had for $299 and $349 US unlocked and without a contract. Should Samsung, HTC, LG, Motorola and the rest of the Android crew be worried? via MobileGeeks Share This With The World!Clue: Ore of lead Ore of lead is a crossword puzzle clue that we have spotted 4 tim There are related clues (shown below)
Lead ore is most commonly found as lead sulphide (PbS), galena, a heavy, shiny grey metallic ore with a conspicuous cubic cleavage, but locally pyromorphite .
lead processing: Preparation of the ore for use in various products Lead (Pb) is one of the oldest metals known, being one of seven metals used in the ancient world .
THICKENING AND FILTERING The silver-lead concentrate (including the unit cell concentrate) and the zinc concentrate are separately treated through wet cyclones to .
Lead ore Let's find possible answers to "Lead ore" crossword clue First of all, we will look for a few extra hints for this entry: Lead ore Finally, we will solve .
Extracting Lead Materials from Ore Lead is a dense, soft, low-melting metal Lead is the densest common metal except for gold, and this quality makes it effective in .
Lead is extracted from its ore by reduction with carbon Considerable effort has to be made to separate the lead ore from zinc or In recent years, lead has become .
Looking for lead ore? Find out information about lead ore city , Lawrence co, W SDak, in the Black Hills; laid out 1876 after the discovery of gold there, inc 1890
Lead has been used by people for a wide variety of purposes for the past 5000 years
Lead Ore,complete details about Lead Ore provided by Boncaki Nig Ltd You may also find other latest Lead Ore selling and buying leads on weiku
Definition of lead ore in the Financial Dictionary - by Free online English dictionary and encyclopedia What is lead ore? Meaning of lead ore as a finance term What .
Lead Ore is added by the mods Thermal Expansion, Factorization, and GregTech Lead ore is an ore.
Ore of lead -- Find potential answers to this crossword clue at crosswordnexus
√ Main ore of lead? This answer has 6 letters and comes to us from the daily newspaper, the NY Times, aka, New York Times ,
On this page you will find the solution to Main ore of lead crossword clue This clue was last seen on September 19 2017 on New York Times’s Crossword In case the .
Lead Ore is found from ores dug from ground min Some form of Lead is found in many minerals but the Galena is a one of the most important product for getting Lead
Lead - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia,41 Ore processing; 42 Production and recycling; 43 Ancient lead special use Lead was the principal component of the .
Lead Ore,complete details about Lead Ore provided by Congrong Science Cosmetic Factory You may also find other latest Lead Ore selling and buying leads on weiku
Lead Ore is the second tier of alt or It is a material added in 12 It is used to craft.
Below is the solution for Main ore of lead crossword clue This clue was last seen on Sep 19 2017 in the New York Times crossword puzzle While searching our database .
Find answers for the crossword clue: Main ore of lead We have 1 answer for this clue
Define lead ore lead ore synonyms, lead ore pronunciation, lead ore translation, English dictionary definition of lead ore Noun 1 lead ore - ore containing lead .
On this page you will be able to find Main ore of lead crossword clue answer , last seen on New York Times on September 19, 2017 Visit our site for more popular .
Some tellurides are also important ore minerals such as calaverite, sylvanite, and petzite , Lead - The primary ore mineral for lead is it's sulfide - galena
There are several lead ores, the most well known being the sulfide(galena)
Shop for lead ore on Etsy, the place to express your creativity through the buying and selling of handmade and vintage goods
Lead smelting and lead alloy classification; , In fact, lead ore is a main source of silver and contributes substantially towards the world's total output
Find great deals on eBay for silver lead ore and silver ore Shop with confidence
Lead Ore Price Exporters ☆ Search here 18 lead ore price selling leads from 15 lead ore price exporters at EC21 ☆ Choose quality lead ore price exporters now
Lead Ore(Pb): 500DMT - 5000DMT Monthly Supply Capability (EX WAREHOUSE) UPDATED OCT 2017 A heavy bluish - grey soft ductile metal, the chemical element of ,
Prev: ball mill for gold iso ceNext: honda tiller millNew 2022 Thor Quantum
Rv for sale by Lazydays RV of Loveland in Johnstown, Colorado 80534
RV Overview
$134,830 MSRP is subject to change by manufacturer
Thor Motor Coach Quantum LC Class C gas motorhome LC25 highlights:
- Murphy Bed
- Rear Bath
- Flip-Up Countertop
- Single Slide Out
- Cab-Over Bunk
?,s best adventures, choose your favorite today!
Vehicle History Report
View the Big Rig VIN RV history report
Vehicle Specifications
- VIN21087585
- RV ID300305781
- Stock Number21087585
-November 3, 2015 (November 3, 2015) Q&A with Fighting for Total Person Unionism author Bob Bussel author commentary authors biography interviews labor history Robert Bussel is a professor of history and director of the Labor Education and Research Center at the University of Oregon. He answered some questions about his book Fighting for Total […] - SpaceX.
- The historic private mission — which includes commander Jared Isaacman, pilot Sian Proctor, medical officer Hayley Arceneaux and mission specialist Chris Sembroski — orbited the Earth at an altitude as high as 590 kilometers.
SpaceX safely.
"Thanks so much SpaceX, that was a heck of a ride for us and we're just getting started!" Inspiration4 commander Jared Isaacman said from the capsule.
In less than an hour after splashdown, SpaceX loaded the capsule onto its recovery ship and the crew exited, each giving waves and thumbs up after disembarking. The crew will then be helicoptered from the ship to NASA's Kennedy Space Center, a short flight away from the splashdown site.
Inspiration4 mission director Scott Poteet joined a post-splashdown call with reporters, speaking from the SpaceX recovery ship.
"The group is in great spirits, they're having a blast and everyone's looking forward to reuniting with their families," Poteet said.
Elon Musk tweeted his congratulations to the crew shortly after splashdown.
The historic private mission — which includes Isaacman, pilot Sian Proctor, medical officer Hayley Arceneaux and mission specialist Chris Sembroski — orbited the Earth at an altitude as high as 590 kilometers, which is above the International Space Station and the furthest humans have traveled above the surface in years. A free-flying spaceflight, the capsule did not dock with the ISS but instead circled the Earth independently at a rate of 15 orbits per day.
SpaceX human spaceflight programs senior director Benji Reed told reporters after splashdown that the company's sales and marketing teams saw an "increased" number of inquiries from people interested in purchasing a private spaceflight. He said that SpaceX can fly "five or six" private missions per year.
"If demand is there, then we'll want to look at what we can do to continue to grow that" capability, Reed said.
Reed also noted that there were "a couple of issues" that SpaceX resolved during the spaceflight, including with the waste management system, or toilet, onboard the spacecraft. Inspiration4 mission director Todd Ericson added that the toilet had "an issue with a fan that's part of the system" but a workaround was implemented without significant trouble.
Inspiration4 shared photos from the crew's time in orbit, giving a look at the expansive views from the spacecraft's "cupola" window.
This is the third time SpaceX has returned astronauts from space, and the second time for this capsule – which previously flew the Crew-1 mission for NASA on a trip that returned in May.
Both prior SpaceX astronaut missions splashed down in the Gulf of Mexico, making this the first that returned in the Atlantic Ocean.
The mission also comes with multiple other milestones for Musk's company, including: The first private SpaceX spaceflight, the first entirely nonprofessional crew to become astronauts, the first Black female spacecraft pilot, the youngest American astronaut to date, and the first person to fly in space with a prosthesis.
Inspiration4 was paid for by Isaacman for an undisclosed amount, with the main goal of the spaceflight to raise $200 million for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. Isaacman, a billionaire entrepreneur, donated $100 million personally, with the mission having raised another $53.8 million in donations as of Saturday evening, according to the mission's website.
Become a smarter investor with CNBC Pro.
Get stock picks, analyst calls, exclusive interviews and access to CNBC TV.Watches collection agencies are viewed as for a specific part of someone’s rings collection. If you are searching for tactics to boost your variety, then thinking about timepieces is usually a excellent option. There are numerous different types of timepieces which can be out there nowadays. So, if you’re not enthusiastic about today’s wrist watches that you’ve you may generally look for something different. With the purchase of wrist watches, there are lots of considerations that ought to be produced. So, here are several of these.
The first thing that you might want to look at with the purchase of an eye fixed is its layout. There are lots of models that are offered so that you can select from. You will discover vintage wristwatches, contemporary types and also wrist watches that were empowered by well-known super stars. So, dependant upon the type of observe that you want, you can select correctly. For traditional different watches, you can choose from the Breitling, Eau signifiantCartier and Valais, or maybe the Piece of fabric.
On the subject of the content with the wristwatches that you are going to acquire, you might also need a lot of selections. plastic, rubberized material, even, silver precious metal and Leather-based rare metal can be the supplies that are used for making timepieces selections for men. The most popular of these supplies are silver and gold, nevertheless. If you would like create a little jewelry in your look at, you’ll be able to buy wrist watches who have precious gems as the primary gemstone. The thing which is not better to purchase wrist watches with expensive diamonds should be to ensure that is stays inside the house. It is extremely harmless to store it in the motor vehicle given that expensive diamonds can be easily discovered if they’re set all around lighting.
When it comes to business from the watches that you’re going to purchase, there are many of these to choose from. But if you would like know the correct watch to acquire then you’ll need to check out the warranties which might be given each and every check out you’re looking at. If the guarantee phase has ended you’ll need to order a high priced 1.
Now, it is crucial that before you begin shopping for wrist watches for males you are sure that about what sort of designer watches satisfies your individuality and flavor. It would be much better in case you be positive about this beforehand so that you can not not work out in buying. If you like watches with dazzling hues then its a good idea you obtain an accumulation of wristwatches which have been vibrant and extremely colorful, for example. For those who have a darker a sense character then you can take into consideration buying a collection of timepieces that are fitted with black colours.
Additionally it is sensible that you simply think about your bank account check out among the designer watches to purchase, on the flip side. For the reason that guys ordinarily use their jean pocket different watches over women do. Acquire an extensive wedding ring designer watches with big strip on the case provided you can find the money for it. These wrist watches will help you continue being closer to the current the latest fashions which enables it to go with your specialist outfit. A minimum of get a easy and slim band check out so that it can be met in your pocketbook if you don’t find the money for it. Folks who wants manage to pay for wristwatches libraries for men is mens divers observe.
Scuba dving wrist watches are designed designed for men that enjoy going routines, an alternative choice that apply for. Could decide among various styles which feature the lit all scuba divers view, the compass enjoy, the electric depth person and there are others. These watches can help you traverse the rich waters without the need of getting lost. If you are assuming that these wristwatches cost a lot then you can check out websites offering deep sea angling designer watches. There can be economical different watches that are offered for offshore fishing fanatics. Through the help of these timepieces, it is possible to understand the seas in spite of water situation.
Actually, there are a variety of things that you should take into consideration when selecting designer watches for your self. You may rue selecting the wrong enjoy if you can’t provide the ideal information about the latest trends. Actually, it is a miscalculation that most people today make. You need to at least be sure that it can help you as part of your daily actions and responsibilities.
Should you have just about any concerns with regards to exactly where along with the best way to make use of 레플리카, it is possible to call us in our web-site.
Much more guidelines from advised editors:
sneak a peek at this site
click through the up coming post
0 Commentlegoland florida
- Kidz Bop partners up with Legoland Florida theme park
Walt Disney Worldcast members got a sneak peek last week at the Animal Kingdom theme park's delayed "Rivers
- Legoland Florida Resort's newest sets of accommodations, the Legoland Beach Retreat, will open April 7.
- Black Friday ticket deals coming to Legoland Florida
- All non-active duty and retired U.S. military personnel can enjoy free admission and a 50 percent discount on tickets for up to six guests from Nov. 1-20, 2016
- Ninjago World, the latest addition at Legoland Florida Resort in Winter Haven will open in January 2017.
- Legoland Florida Resort will hold Lego Star Wars Days Sept. 10 and 11.
- SeaWorld Entertainment reports a second-quarter decrease in attendance at the company's Florida attractions.
-
-
- Today is International Lego Day, celebrating the anniversary of when the patent for the original Lego brick system was filed on Jan. 28, 1958.
- Legoland's new 4D movie will lead to other theme park activities
- Ninjago The Ride will open in California in spring, and Legoland Billund in Denmark and Legoland Malaysia next November, said Hans Aksel Pedersen, managing director of Legoland Parks.
- Legoland Hotel opening date set, theme park expansion announced
-
-
- Walt Disney World has scaled back one of its newest events, Epcot Food and Wine Late Nights Live
- Spring breakers: What's new at Orlando's theme parks and attractions
- Police, firefighters, EMS workers can get free Legoland admission in September
This week: Clifford the Big Red Dog plus Star Wars at Legoland and Disney's Hollywood StudiosClifford the Big Red Dog, El Gran Combo, Star Wars activities headed for Orlando
- Throngs of fans gathered outside the gates of Legoland Florida on Saturday morning, hoping to be one of the first to visit the Orlando area's newest theme park. By noon, park officials had extended operating hours for the day.Blog photo: This looks like something from Tomorrowland at Disneyland! It’s the Crown Beach ‘monument’ to….I’m not sure what! But I caught it at sunset last week, as it sits semi-silhouetted to the bay and sky.
Blog post: This has been summer in winter, through and through! My yard is starting to bloom, which is normal, but I’ve put the water on everything since the first of the year. I was a bit heavy-handed with the pruning of the roses this time. I’m hoping they’ll be back.
I like the way the yard is clean and tidy. No leaves, no fuss, no muss. And now that the 90′ tree is gone next door….I am doing the happy dance because there are NO MORE PINE NEEDLES!
It’s a bit lighter later, and I don’t have to jump on my bike for the sunset at 4:45pm. It shows up about 6pm. Spring is around the corner. And it’s going to rain on Saturday.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE THIS WEEK…
Quick Glimpses
Billions in relief? CNN Money
High-end homes are not exempt in the Bay Area...SJ Mercury News
Cash from the banks, after a short sale SFGate
Unsold inventory this week 123, 129 last report
Pending inventory this week 93, 89 last report
Tuesday Broker Tour 9 properties (no bike riding – it was a bit wet)
Highest and Lowest priced properties this week
NEW 7
REPOSITIONED PROPERTIES (price changes) 5
BOM (back on market) 2
PENDING 14
SOLD 4
WITHDRAWN.CANCELED 2
EXPIRED 2
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE AWARDS THIS WEEK….remember this is only my perspective!
Largest price reduction! (new award!)
Bang for the buck! (it’s a really nice short sale!)
Easier Living (new award!)
BEST, MARILYNThe number of escorts in the county are not just limited to those who are into the sex trade. There are a lot of respectable and helpful females around. The kind of females that you will find includes those who are caring, honest, reliable, and sexy at the same time. You should have this kind of girl as your escort on your most special and important night ever.
Since there are a lot of types of escorts available, it is important that you know the several types of girls that you can hire. You must pick the best and choose the one that is most suitable for your needs. It does not mean that you have to choose those escorts with expensive dresses and makeup. You do not have to spend so much on that kind of stuff. You just must look for those escorts that fit the criteria of what you are looking for and that can also serve as your personal sex worker. If you want the best, you have to find the right kind of female companion for you.
There are distinct kinds of personalities in the escort industry. Some escorts are caring and mild, while others are aggressive and domineering. You have to understand that these escorts have different personalities that they can display depending on the service you require. Choosing the right kind of girl for you is all about your choice.
There are some escorts in the market that do not live up to their words. They may say that they are good at what they do but if you try talking to them, you will find out that they lie a lot. You do not want this kind of female companion for your most important event of your life. This kind of girl should be reserved for special occasions and never for ordinary ones. Your companion must be mature enough to take care of her own needs and not those of the other person that she is working with.
The kind of service that you will get from female escorts in Suffolk will depend on the kind of relationship that you are having with her. It means that there are escorts in the market that are only for casual encounters. If you are just into friendship then you do not have to worry about the kind of companion that you will get. If you are into more intimate encounters then you will have to get the kind of companion that can give you a full-blown sexual encounter. There are escorts in the market that are only into simulated sex, but this does not mean that they are not good.
There are many benefits that you can get from having a companion who has a similar taste as yours. Most of the girls that are into this kind of thing are interested in exploring their partners' fantasies and enjoying their company. If you want to spice things up a bit, then you can always bring along a video camera so you can have some fun moments back and play them for your partner later. If you are not into videos then you can always tell her your fantasy and ask her if she feels the same way. If so, then you can start thinking about having a real escort in your life.
The service of a companion that is into this kind of thing is not for everybody, because not everyone is comfortable with it. There are some men who would prefer to have a UK sugar baby in their bedroom instead. If you are one of these women then you might want to think twice before getting into a sex service. If you are sure though that this is what you really want to do then it is best to start scouting the market for girls who can provide such service.jaw crushers manufacturers bangalore price list
crushers manufacturing banglore
Stone Crusher Machine Manufacturer In Bangalore Crusher. Jaw Crusher Manufacturer In Bangalore Pmetroit. Jaw crushers manufacturers bangalore price list what is chisel price spare parts for stone crushers in crusher spare parts,jaw crusher spares,sale,suppliers, jaw crusher spare parts for sale jaw crusher spares, or spare parts, are used for the exchange of the used.Get Price
small jaw crusher manufacturers in bangalore
jaw crushers manufacturers bangalore price list. Chat ...Get Price
jaw crusher manufacturers in bangalore
jaw crushers manufacturers bangalore price list, cost of . cost list harison jaw crusher for rock crushing india, mining . all india pune faridabad bangalore chandigarh stone jaw crushers, jaw crusher price india,double. Reply. jaw crusher manufacturer and suppliers in bangalore.Get Price
CRUSH STONE SUPPLIERS LIST | Mobile Crushers all over ...
CRUSH STONE SUPPLIERS_5<<
list of manufacturer stone crusher plant upto 500tper in india
List Of Manufacturer Stone Crusher Plant Upto 500Tper In India top ten best . in up in India manufacturer in Shanghai, China. crusher manufacturer in . is the main mineral best 10 stone crusher China Jaw Crusher manufacturer, Hammer.Get Price
jaw crusher manufacturer bangalore price list
jaw crusher pe 250 c3 97400 price manufacturers, india crusher jaw crusher suppliers, crusher jaw crusher made in Kumbalagodu, Bangalore, India FOB .Get Price
Stone crusher manufacturers in karnataka Manufacturer Of ...
Jaw crusher manufacturers in bangalore . StoneGet Price
Jaw crusher manufacturers in mumbai Henan Mining ...
Address of crusher machine manufacturer in mumbai. list of crusher manufacturer in mumbai fessmb List Of Crushers Manufacturers In Mumbai cz list of crushers manufacturers in mumbai crushers manufacturers in navi mumbai Sep 9 2016 Hello we is crusher milling machine manufacturers if you have Get Price And Support Online jaw crusher manufacturers in navi mumbaiGet Price
Top Jaw Crusher Manufacturers In India
Is the biggest crusher manufacturers in india who specialize in producing stone crushers, roll crushers, ore crushers, and are also portable jaw crusher of world top stone crusher manufacturers stone crusher of stone crusher manufacturers in india. Get Price; Jaw Crushers Manufacturers India OnesittingdegreeIn. Find ...Get Price
Crusher And A List Of Suppliers
quotation for maintenance for stone crushing quotation for maintenance for stone crushing Products List PE Jaw Crusher PF Impact . Stone Crusher Suppliers and . Get Price And Support Online; list of crushers manufacturers in bangalore zszyzz. rock crusher suppliers in bangalore. . The list of provisional Machinery suppliers is .Get Price
Rock Worth Infra Equipments Pvt Ltd Manufacturer of Cone ...
Cone Crusher, Horizontal Shaft Impactor Crusher Jaw Crusher Manufacturer offered by Rock Worth Infra Equipments Pvt Ltd from Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. ... Get Price Details. Jaw Crusher. Get Price Details. Vertical Shaft Impactor. Get Price Details. Vibrating Feeder. Get Price .Get Price
crusher products in bangalore
crusher plant in bangalore crusher products in bangalore,Stone Crusher Plant in Bangalore Yellow Pages Bangalore stone crusher plant in Bangalore Get free price quotations, products, services and contact details at Getit Infomedia crusher suppliers in bangalore mm stone crusher price list in bangalore YouTube.Get Price
crushers machines manufacturer in bangalore
Feb 15, 2016 ... Contact Us For Help: /solutions/ jaw crusher manufacturer in bangalore jaw crusher... Read More. stone crusher metal machine manufacturer in india . ... sugar cane machine suppliers in Bangalore Get free price quotations, ... sugar cane crusher machine .... Wood Furniture,Furniture Dealers Manufacturers...Get Price
India mining crushers price
India mining crushers price. ... china henan cheap price mining equipment mobile ore rock stone crusher machine jaw crusher for sale is ideal for primary and secondary crushing With the increase of production, our stone jaw crusher can greatly reduce the operating costs ... ind here information of Crusher Machine selling panies for your buy ...Get Price
Mobile Crusher Price List Of India
second hand stone crusher price list bangalore. mobile stone crusher second hand in second hand shayyaji crushers in 2016 puzzolana jaw crusher price in india . ... dolomite stone crusher manufacturers in india mobile dolomite jaw crusher manufacturer in india you will get the price list and a crusher machine aacute quina double toggle jaw trituradoras manufacturers venta
- in cement mill ho w many forcess work in grinding
- letter of not attending class
- lignite crusher manufacturer in australia
- milling machines cost kenya in kenya
- satpadi crusher zoney
- mini crushing plant for small scale mining
- how to mill lignite
- metodos de fundicion del mineral de plata
- graphite mining in india wikipediaShare Via
Big Basin, California’s oldest State Park, is home to an impressive array of wildlife and pristine redwood groves. Although only 35 miles from San Jose, Big Basin State Park is a world away from the buzzing technology of Silicon Valley.
Narrow roads that wind through the Santa Cruz Mountains give the park a secluded quality rarely experienced so near an urban center. In fact, cell reception is nonexistent; expect to disconnect and enjoy the solace for the duration of your trip. Likewise, a thick redwood canopy and the surrounding landscape disable most GPS devices, so be prepared with traditional orienteering tools if you venture out on the park’s 80 miles of hiking trails.
Approachable, family friendly trails such as Dool and Creeping Forest can be found near the well equipped day use picnic areas. Gazos Picnic Area, across the Opal Creek Bridge, is removed from the noise and tourist action closer to the main gate. These nearly private sites feature potable water, picnic tables, fire pits and charcoal barbecues.
Big Basin State Park hosts a variety of camping options that include tent cabins, horse camps, walk-in tent sites and RV sites without hookups. Backcountry campsites are available along some of the more advanced routes such as the 30 mile Skyline to the Sea Trail. Dogs and fires are prohibited at trail camps. Reservations are recommended at all campsites during the drier summer months. Backcountry camps are closed November 1 through April 30.
Big Basin is a crumb-clean park, and the staff works very hard to keep the wildlife wild. The park’s free natural history museum allows you to get up close and personal with the animals that call Big Basin home. Firewood and sundries are available at the attached general store.Silicone Baby Teether Wholesale Silicone Teething Bead Loose Beads For Baby Teether And Nursing Necklace
US $0.01-$0.15 / Piece
50.0 Pieces (Min. Order)
Top Sponsored Listing
Marquise Shape CZ Gemstone Emerald Green Zircon Stone Beads
US $0.20-$1.19 / Piece
300 Pieces (Min. Order)
High Quality Pear Shape Cut Synthetic Gemstone Ruby Beads
US $0.10-$1.98 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Baifu Jewelry hot new product oval shape loose synthetic gemstone glass beads for jewelry making
US $0.01-$0.50 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Fashionable Multicolored Marquise shape Lab Zirconia gemstone beads
US $0.65-$1.05 / Piece
1000.0 Pieces (Min. Order)
Amazon hot sale Natural Labradorite Heart Shape Gemstone Faceted Half Marquise shape Beads
US $1.00-$1.55 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
High Quality Mother of Pearl Beads Different Shapes and Sizes in Stock Loose Evil Eye Beads(1 Pack=100 Pieces)
US $40.00-$65.00 / Pack
1 Pack (Min. Order)
Round shaped natural baltic amber prayer beads
US $20.00-$35.00 / Gram
100 Grams (Min. Order)
European and American market needs of Green Round Shape of Glass Beads gemstone for Jewelry Making
US $0.01-$5.00 / Piece
1000.0 Pieces (Min. Order)
Rough Gemstone Round Purple Loose Stone Raw Matte Wholesale Crystal Pink Kunzite Beads
US $4.80-$20.80 / Strand
3 Strands (Min. Order)
Factory Handmade Cutting Loose Gemstone Marquise Shape Red #5 Ruby Cabochon Cut Synthetic Corundum Ruby Stone
US $0.80 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Wholesale loose synthetic cz Pear Cut garnet cubic zirconia gemstones beads
US $0.05-$0.27 / Piece
50 Pieces (Min. Order)
Mix tourmaline loose natural gemstone carved animals beads
US $13.00-$15.00 / Gram
1000.0 Grams (Min. Order)
AAA Gems New Arrival Stone Rubi Ring Use Loose Gemstone Ruby Beads
US $12.00 / Carat
1 Carat (Min. Order)
natural wholesale natural peridot marquise shape 3*5mm loose gemstone price
US $0.03-$0.50 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
1.3MM Blood Ruby Natural Red Ruby Gemstone Beads
US $0.12-$3.00 / Piece
1000 Pieces (Min. Order)
pink color pear cut 3*4mm 3*5mm 4*6mm 5*7mm 6*8mm high quality cz beads
US $0.03-$0.05 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Wholesale Big Hole L-Green Gemstone Turquoise Stone Beads for DIY Making Loose Bead
US $0.45 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Green Color Loose Corundum Stone 3mm Ruby Beads Round Ball Shape Synthetic Ruby Stones Wholesale Price
US $0.15-$0.50 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
good quality loose gemstone cubic zirconia green pear checkboard cut beads with hole
US $0.05-$5.00 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Natural amethyst gemstone beads hot sale in world
US $0.20-$0.70 / Piece
1000 Pieces (Min. Order)
Synthetic 5*10mm CZ Diamond Cut Pink Marquise Shape Cubic Zirconia Stones For Jewelry
US $0.12-$0.16 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Natural stone gemstone beads marquise shape metal charm decoration bracelets for women jewelry
US $1.56-$3.90 / Piece
12 Pieces (Min. Order)
Factory direct 5# marquise red ruby beads
US $0.21-$2.50 / Piece
10 Pieces (Min. Order)
New Design Round Shape Yellow Change Red Color Glass Beads Loose GemsStone
US $240.00 / Kilogram
2 Kilograms (Min. Order)
starsgem gemstone round brilliant cut dark blue 113# lab spinel beads for s925 sterling silver rings
US $2.60-$33.50 / Bag
1 Bag (Min. Order)
Cheap polished round 6mm black agate sphere ball shape gemstone bead
US $0.20-$1.00 / Piece
1000.0 Pieces (Min. Order)
Synthetic light blue marquise cabochon cut opal loose gemstones
US $0.27-$4.92 / Piece
50.0 Pieces (Min. Order)
SICGEM Round Cut Champagne loose D color VVS1 Jewelry fashion custom Beads natural miossanite loose sapphire stone loose stone
US $10.00-$109.00 / Piece
1.0 Pieces (Min. Order)
G1719 New arrivals natural bead bracelets turquoise gemstone bead bracelet
US $7.00-$7.50 / Piece
20 Pieces (Min. Order)
round brilliant cut and fancy faceted cut shape 5# pigeon blood red corundum loose gemstones synthetic 5# red ruby corundum gems
US $0.03-$5.00 / Piece
500 Pieces (Min. Order)
Natural Loose Amethyst Nugget Beads Gemstone
US $3.29-$3.79 / Strand
5 Strands (Min. Order)
Synthetic marquise shape gems crystallized glass stone
US $0.05-$2.00 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
New Teardrop Shape Natural Stone Charm Necklace Gemstone Turquoise Drop Beaded Chain Chocker Necklace Gifts for Women Jewelry
US $5.99-$7.75 / Piece
2 Pieces (Min. Order)
7mm*9mm 2arat/p DVVS White Color Oval Shape Brilliant Cut Loose Synthetic Moissanite Diamonds Gemstone
US $45.00 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
Marquise shape copper stone bead chain gold plated adjustable charm pendant druzy bracelet bangle for women
US $2.80-$3.50 / Strand
20.0 Strands (Min. Order)
Handmade druzy quartz beads multi shape gold silver bezel jewelry accessories connectors for women necklace bracelets making
US $1.99-$2.12 / Piece
30 Pieces (Min. Order)
gemstone high quality amethyst round shape for jewelry making
US $0.30-$0.36 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
AAA Good quality Natural white hole ball shape loose stone natural stone price white topaz
US $0.15 / Piece
200 Pieces (Min. Order)
- About product and suppliers:
Alibaba.com offers 176 gemstone marquise shape beads products. About 93% of these are loose gemstone, 1% are bracelets & bangles, and 1% are jewelry findings & components. A wide variety of gemstone marquise shape beads options are available to you, such as third party appraisal, cnas, and beijing cug gem testing center. You can also choose from stone. There are 176 gemstone marquise shape beads suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying country or region is China, which supply 100% of gemstone marquise shape beads respectively.
Buying Request Hub
Haven't found the right supplier yet ? Let matching verified suppliers find you. Get Quotation NowFREE
Do you want to show gemstone marquise shape beads or other products of your own company? Display your Products FREE now!
Related Category
Recommendation for you
Related Searches
- marquise green glass beads
- yellow color marquise gemstone
- marquise shape stones for jewelry making
- decoration glass marquise shape
- marquise shape loose gemstones
- fashion red marquise zircon
- marquise zircon bead
- marquise shaped colored cz stones
- loos cubic zirconia pear shape suppliers
- china faceted gemstone in marquise cutAmerican Legion DSOs help secure nearly $3.7B in benefits for veterans
American Legion Department Service Officers (DSOs) secured nearly $3.7 billion in benefits for the nation’s veterans during fiscal year 2020.
The claim payments amassed for veterans by The American Legion come in the form of dependency and indemnity compensation, death compensation and veteran pensions.
Nearly 7,400 new awards were issued during 2020, bringing the total number of claims being paid monthly to more than 880,000. Payments from these claims average nearly $1,400 monthly for these veterans and surviving family members.
The COVID-19 pandemic drastically changed the way DSOs approach working with veterans on their claims. With safety measures in place, the service officers are continuing to push forward in providing assistance to those in need.
“A lot of what we do is planning with veterans and how to approach their claims,” said Lucas Bruner, the assistant DSO for Washington state in an October interview.
“The difficult part,” he added, “comes from the fact that our jobs are very hands-on and COVID has taken that approach to real-life situations and made it more complicated.”
DSOs are trained by The American Legion to provide professional accredited American Legion representatives at the regional office, county and state levels with specialized training on issues affecting veterans and their families nationwide. These service officers are specially trained to provide expert VA claims and benefits assistance, free of charge, to any veterans and their families.
To find an accredited American Legion service officer in your area, please visit.I am having a bit of a frustrating morning. It would appear that no one wants to listen to me this morning! No one in the house will respond. The computer keeps handing me “Comment Submission Failure”.
Shred the to do list. Clearly nothing is going as planned. It’s 5:50 am and I am already frustrated. Who is responsible? Me, 100%.
Accountability is something I take seriously. I cannot prevent many things from happening.I can with patience, thoughtfulness and strong will, control my reactions to those things I cannot control.
I am wandering away.
- Question of
Are you ever sad when you can’t comment?
- Yes
- No
- Question of
Do you sometimes just walk away?
- Yes
- No
2 CommentsLeave a Reply
I end up trying a bunch of short term solutions. I have 4 or so now.
I’m usually not sad but frustrated when I can’t comment …
or I have that time-out error a lotAll Time Low To Donate Web Store Proceeds To Flint Posted on February 8, 2016 by Stitched Sound For this week only, all of the proceeds generated from All Time Low’s web store will go towards the relief effort in Flint. Head here to get some of their latest merch.Top 10 Rated violin sound post setting tool in 2021 Comparison Table
- This product includes: 1 x Tailpiece; 4 x Tuning Peg; 1 x Chin Rest; 1 x Endpin; 1 x Tail Gut;1x Chin Rest Clamp; 4 x Fine Tuners.
- Elegant and beautiful design is essential for medium and high quality violin which can ensure the perfect sound quality.
- 4/3-4/5 size violin made of premium Ebony Wooden material, natural texture, smooth surface without dyeing and durable to use.
- It can give your instrument nice care and reduce wear, extending the life of violin.
- Great accessory for music lovers, it can satisfy your different needs.
-.
- Violin S Style Sound post Setter,Violin Tool S Violin Column Hook ,Stainless Steel
- Made of Stainless Steel
- Package List: 1 * Violin S Style Sound post Setter
- S Style Sound Post Setter, With Rubber Grip, Very sharp Point
- Sound post Setter, Violin Tool S Violin Column Hook
- Great tool with sharpen end
- User can adjust bending angle yourself depending on your need.
- Stainless Steel
- Violin/Cello Scissor Sound Post Setter, Clamps to sound post to set and adjust USA
- Made in USA, Sold by violinwoodworkshop
- Professional violin sound post tool kit.
- 1 sound post gauge, 1 sound post retriever, 1 sound post setter.
- Made of brass, with durable quality and exquisite workmanship.
- Tool kit for violin player and DIY luthier.
- The setter is easy to insert, remove or adjust your sound post.
- Exquisite workmanship, smooth surface.
- Great for improving your violin sound quality.
- It can also be cambered and sharpen by yourself.
- 10pcs sound posts and 1pc sound post setter for 4/4, 3/4 violins.
- This is a Sound Post Setter, easy to aremove or adjust your sound post
- Suitable for 4/4 violin
- 100% Brand new and high quality
- Smooth surface and fine workmanship
- 1 Pack 50pcs Spruce Violin Sound Post with Soundpost Mount Tool
-
Are you Googling for top 10 rated violin sound post setting tool for the budget in 2021? We had scanned more than 89,535 customer satisfaction about top 10 best violin sound post setting tool in 2021, we have come up with the top 10 rated products you may be interested in. We have ranked the best brands from Artificial Intelligent and Big Data, as you see below:
Our Best Choice: CARTMAN Orange 39-Piece Tool Set – General Household Hand Tool Kit with Plastic Toolbox Storage Case
Product Description
Perfect Tool Kit for You
Giftable
High Quality
Overall Tools
Sturdy Storage Case
The set includes
1pc – 10’ Tape Measure; 1pc – 8 oz Claw Hammer;1pc – 6” Slip Joint Pliers;1pc – 8” Scissors;1pc – Utility Snap-off Knife;1pc – Bit Driver 1pc – 2” Bit Connector;4pc – Precision Screwdrivers: Phillips #1 and #0; slotted 2.4mm and 3mm; 8pc – SAE Hex Keys: 1/16″, 5/64″, 3/32″, 1/8″, 5/32″, 3/16″, 7/32″, 1/4″; 20pc – 1” Screwdriver Bits: Slotted 3-4-5-6-7; Hex H3, H4, H5, H6; AD; Torx Star T10, T15, T20, T25, T30, T40; Phillips PH#0, #1, #2, #3
Cartman Orange 39-Piece Tool Set General Household Hand Tool Kit
Product Description
The Cartman Tools 39-piece Orange Tool Set comes with attractive orange accents. It is heat treated and chrome plated to resist corrosion. All the tools meet or exceed ANSI critical standards. It contains the tools needed for most household repairs. All tools are packed neatly in a self contained durable molded case.
Cartman 39-Piece Tool Kit is the perfect choice to accomplish your general purpose projects, repairs, and maintenance at home, garage, office, shop or dormitory, no matter you are a homeowner, a business owner, a college student or a DIYer. It contains all the basic but necessary tools you will need around your home to assemble furniture, install back yard and patio essentials, hang picture frame, fix simple plumbing issues, repair your bicycle, and a lot more. All the tools in this kit are made from high strength materials, precisely manufactured and heat treated.
Claw Hammer
Hex Keys
Slip Joint Pliers
Size
168-Piece
160-Piece
136-Piece
22-Piece
9-Piece
24-Piece
Applicability
Hand Tool Kit
Hand Tool Kit
Hand Tool Kit
Screwdriver Kit
Screwdriver Kit
Screwdriver Kit
Size
123-Piece
122-Piece
149-Piece
218-Piece
205-Piece
52-Piece
Color
Red
Blue
Blue
Yellow
Red
Pink
Contains the tools needed for most small repairs around the house
Heat treated and chrome plated to resist corrosion
Securely housed in a handy blow molded case
All tools meet or exceed ANSI critical standards
Contains the tools needed for most small repairs around the houseProperty Attributes
- Listing#E4262438
- TypeSingle Family
- CityAndrew
- AreaLamont
- NeighbourhoodAndrew
- StyleBungalow
- Price$ 138,500
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1531
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Courtesy of Krystal Hook of Royal Lepage Homewise Realty.
Data Source:
REALTORS® Association of Edmonton
Property Description
Great family home located in the quiet Village of Andrew. Situated on a large landscaped 8630 sq ft lot sits this 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom home with oversized single carport. As one enters the home you are welcomed into an open concept kitchen, living room and dining room, 3 bedrooms and a spacious 4 pc main bathroom complete the main floor. A formally attached garage has been converted into additional living space and is heated year round, this would allow for a great room with access to the back yard or one could convert it back to a garage if one wishes. Downstairs is partially finished and features a family room/second kitchen space, the 4th bedroom, a 3 pc bathroom, cold storage and laundry area. Outside one will find a spacious, landscaped backyard with a covered patio area, storage shed and greenhouse.Results in Lost & FoundShowing 1 - 2 of 2 results
Prince George 20/11/2021
Spaz has been In our family for 13 years.. Hes rather large chubby cat. his underbelly and part of his face are white and he has Gray stripes on his back tail and a little On his face. In one of his ...
Prince George 20/10/2021
$200 REWARD for her safe return Luna-our 1 1/2 year old cat has now been missing for over a month from lower hart area. She is a VERY SMALL CAT-about the size of a 8 month old kitten-long haired ...
Sponsored Advertisements:
Post your classified or want ad in Prince George Lost & Found. It's fast and easy.It will be quiet in Newtown tonight ,
it’ll be quiet for a while yet ;
The town that kept safe and itself to itself ,
out of mind like other towns
in other states and other lands ,
is no longer out of the glare
and clamour and lenses of a world
that must now intrude
in towns just like
Newtown in Connecticut :
where keeping safe and itself to itself
ended when madness spoke its lines
with a sound and a fury
and all their innocent yesterdays
went out ,out.
Poignantly moving ! questioning the bullies, the hoodlums fiercely and yet doing so by way of a requiem ! how very thoughtful !
out, out brief candles
Comment added to “Requiem For A Small Town” on The Writers’ Circle;Received 2nd.January 2013 at 2.23
A new comment has been added to your article or an article you are subscribed to on The Writers’ Circle website.
The article:
Requiem For A Small Town by louis kasatkin
The comment (by kelly bella):
There is such an agony in the American people over the devastation of lives and dreams and joys~~I read about these childrem and who they were… I read about their teachers and who they were… I just cannot write about it… not now… maybe not ever… but I am glad there are great poets that not only can but do… thank you for being a voice for those of us still struck dumb~ by Bob Volpe ~
A large crowd of veterans and local citizens turned out to memorialize the life of local resident, Green Beret Sergeant Elliott Robbins, who was killed last week in Afghanistan along with two of his comrades.
It was a chilly morning when more than 100 people turned out at 5:30 a.m. to honor Robbins in front of the Costello Street Coffee House in Florissant, which he and his wife Vickie Robbins own.
The popular coffee shop, located at the junction of Teller 1 and U.S. Hwy. 24 is an acclaimed local hangout. The Robbins’ bought the business a year and a half ago, as part of a way to live their version of the American dream.
But that dream has taken a drastic turn. However, locals and veterans came out in force last Thursday morning to offer their support to the Robbins family. Throngs of friends and strangers gathered around the coffee house to write cards, pray, give emotional farewells, hug each other, and to celebrate the heroic deeds of a former veteran. American flags donned the community of Florissant, a town that is not afraid to exhibit patriotism on its sleeves.
Elliott Robbins was one of the soldiers reported killed in Afghanistan on June 30th. Heartbreakingly, he was only three weeks away from coming home. He and Vickie had just had their first son, Elliott Jr, just a few weeks before this deployment began. Elliott Jr. will be growing up without knowing his father. But the child will certainly learn plenty about his father through the network of area veterans.
Elliott Robbins had a remarkable military career.
According to the website, Miltary.com, “Sgt. 1st Class Elliott J. Robbins, a medical sergeant with the 10th SFG (A), died Sunday from “non-combat related injuries” in Afghanistan’s Helmand Province, Lt. Col. Loren Bymer, U.S. Army Special Operations Command spokesman, said in a July 1 press release.
The 31-year-old Ogden, Utah native’s death occurred five days after Master Sgt. Micheal B. Riley of 2nd Battalion, 10th SFG (A) was killed in a June 25 gun battle with suspected Taliban fighters in Afghanistan’s Uruzgan province. Sgt. James G. Johnston of the 79th Ordnance Battalion (Explosive Ordnance Disposal), 71st Ordnance Group, was also killed in the June 25 engagement.
The three deaths, which are under investigation, bring the number of U.S. troops killed in Afghanistan this year to 10, according to the U.S. Defense Department.
Col. Lawrence Ferguson, commander of 10th SFG (A), described Robbins as a “skilled soldier with three combat deployments.”
“We mourn the tragic passing of Sgt. 1st Class Elliott Robbins. The 10th Special Forces Group has paid a heavy toll in recent days,” Ferguson said in the release. “While we mourn, we will support Sgt.
1st Class Robbins’ Family and honor his service.”
Robbins joined the Army in June 2006 and was assigned to the 101st Airborne Division as an infantryman. He completed the Special Forces Qualification Course and was assigned to 10th SFG (A) in 2016, according to the release.
Robbins deployed to Iraq with the 101st in 2007, and twice to Afghanistan in 2017 and 2019 with 10th SFG (A), the release states.
Robbins’ awards and decorations include the Army Commendation Medal with Combat Device and one Oak Leaf Cluster; Army Achievement Medal with one Silver and two Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters; Valorous Unit Award; and Army Good Conduct Medal with Bronze Four Knot Device, the release
states.
Robbins also received the National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal with Campaign Star, Iraq Campaign Medal with Campaign Star and the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, according to the release.
His awards also include the Noncommissioned Officer Professional Development Ribbon with Numeral 2; Overseas Service Ribbon with Numeral 2; NATO Medal; Special Forces Tab; Ranger Tab; Combat
Infantryman Badge; Expert Infantryman Badge; Military Freefall Parachutist Badge; and Parachutist Badge, according to the release.
But the July 4th memorial in Florissant wasn’t about these awards.
According to reports, Army officials reportedly came to the door of Vickie Robbins’ home on the evening of June30 to deliver the tragic news. While she visited with her family away from Colorado in mourning her husband’s death, locals and neighbors organized a gathering to offer their support on July 4.
It wasn’t hard to generate many attendees, as Teller County is an area that takes care of their veterans. Altogether, it is estimated that more than 200 attended throughout the morning.
The gathering featured a number of tribute speeches and special memories of Elliot Robbins. One of the most emotional speeches came from Don Bartron, a retiree of the 10th Special Forces Group, who also served as a Green Beret before Elliott. The latest Afghan casualties have hit the Special Forces group hard.
Bartron stressed the importance of viewing July 4th as “Independence Day” and a way to “come together.”
It is still unclear if other special tributes will be organized in the future to honor Elliott Robbins. But if history repeats itself in Teller County, the life of the former veteran and Florissant business owner won’t be forgotten.Kevin Arnold
Kevin's Controlled Breathing
I will instruct thee and teach thee in the way which thou shalt go:
I will guide thee with mine eye. Psalm 32:8
Easy as 1-2-3.
First, get into a comfortable position, often lying down. Loosen tight clothing.
Second, fill your lungs as you count to seven. Then inhale deeper as you count 8-9-10 (demonstrate that you can push yourself a little further than you thought).
Third, with fully-filled lungs, wait five seconds before you exhale. This would be a good time to silently say your mantra (see below).
Repeat. I try to do at least five of these breaths at a time, which I mentally count on my fingers. If you’re concentrating, one round of five of these, a handful, will often produce some physical sign that your digestive tract is relaxing, at least a gurgle. Welcome any sign you’re losing control by taking control.
That’s it!
Some kind of mantra-like saying in the five seconds your lungs are fully expanded can enhance your experience. The internet has hundreds of mantra recommendations. My preference is for a mantra that’s aspirational but not ridiculously so. If I picture myself getting the Nobel prize for literature next year it won’t register, but if I see the world slowly recognizing me, I may smile.
If you want to focus on your marriage, your mantra might be “Jorge and I share a wonderful life together.” Perhaps “I am a powerful black woman” might be appropriate. If you’re comfortable, you might include God. Two of my favorites are “God loves to team up with me,” and “God enjoys making good things happen for me.” You can use different words on different days, or even on the same day. Some days I just count, slowly, to five.Search Results (451 results)
Help with search
Category
- Community Events (421)
- Venues (42)
Filter by
Results.That’s a very interesting question and one that I plan on answering within this post. I will break this down into 2 parts and show you if this if cash gifting is a scam or not.
I have got several emails from people asking me this question, so I thought I would clear the air and give you guys the lowdown on the right way to do this along with the wrong way of doing this as well.
Let’s get started!
What Is Cash Gifting & How Does It Work?
Cash gifting is exactly what its says it is, giving someone cash as a gift and not looking for anything in return. This can be done in many ways whether it be giving cash to:
Family& Friends For
- Weddings
- Birthdays
- Christmas
This also includes giving money to charities and various fundraisers and different organizations. This is the way cash gifting is supposed to work. A lot of people like to twist this around and turn it into something it’s not supposed to be. I will go more into that in a few minutes!
Are There Any Benefits Associated With This?
Yes there are a few benefits that come with cash gifting which are:
- You can give up to $1200 each year without having to pay taxes on this money
- You can write this off in your taxes at the end of the year
This is a pretty good chunk of tax-free money that you can legally give away every year and you can even get a portion of this back at the end of the year. How awesome is that? I think it’s pretty awesome and this is a great benefit in itself.
Is Cash Gifting Legal?
As long as you don’t go over $12,000 each year and you are giving it as a gift with no intentions of any monetary gain then yes this is perfectly legal. I was actually surprised as I was doing my research on this and found it in the tax code of the IRS.
The Wrong Way Of Cash Gifting
There’s always someone out there looking to game the system, or trying to find a loophole so they can exploit it. In the last couple of years, there have been many programs popping up that were created explicitly for this reason. If they can run an illegal Ponzi scheme and make it seem like it’s perfectly legal then why not right?
There is a handful of cash gifting programs out there now with more being created all the time. Not only are these programs illegal and extremely risky, the price to buy into them can get pretty darn expensive really fast. There is also NO guarantee that you will make any money at all with them even though they claim it’s guaranteed money.
I have reviewed several programs set up in this matter already and here is the basic concept of how these programs work. They promise you 100% commissions because you will be gifting the whole amount to that person. They go against all the rules of cash gifting and is set up in a pyramid scheme style where you’ll be required to recruit people into their program and have other people do the same.
If you look up the definition of cash gifting on Wikipedia you will see that you get redirected to pyramid scheme automatically.
Can You Make Money With These Programs?
Yes, there is lots of money you could make with these types of programs. I think the more important question here should be, would you feel comfortable getting your friends, family, and other people involved in an illegal Ponzi scheme? Would you be able to sleep at night knowing that you made a profit from someone else’s misery?
The main reason why these programs were created were to make a lot of money fast. This goes against the whole idea of what cash gifting really is. While some of these programs have managed to stick around for a couple years, many of them get shut down within 6-8 months.
Is Cash Gifting A Scam?
All of the cash gifting programs out there that require you to pay a referral fee in order to join and recruit other people into their program is a 100% flat out scam. As far as the idea itself, NO of course not. Now if you go over the $12k limit for the year, then obviously you’ll need to pay taxes on that money. There is also a whole new set of rules that apply to that as well.
The main reason why so many people get involved in cash gifting programs is so they can make lots of money fast. Anything that promises Instant wealth won’t be around long and you won’t be able to rely on this for years to come. There are much better ways to make money online that actually show you step by step how to build a real business online that will be around for the next 20 years or more.
I really hope that this has cleared a few things up for you guys today about the right way and the wrong way to get into cash gifting. What experience have you had with cash gifting? Was it a good experience or a bad one? I would love to hear about it in the comments below. I will get back to you right away.
Until Next Time!
Your Friend, ScottLeo Emery
Hey Scott,
I like the concept – it’s great for those who wish to give money as a gift.
But I’m not surprised that there are people that try and take advantage of this and turn something good into a scam and get people thinking it’s legit when in fact it’s an illegal Ponzi scheme.
Things like this never last because it is an illegal Ponzi scheme – they are set up to fail.
Better time is spent on building a real business then chasing these garbage programs.
Thanks for this
Cheers
LeoScott Newkirk
Hi Leo
I actually love this concept as well and have done it on many occasions myself. Of course, you might know that there are always people out there who try to cheat the system and find a loophole that they can exploit. This just pisses me off that people could turn something as simple as this into an illegal Ponzi scheme.
Cash gifting programs seem to be popping up more now than they ever have and this seems to be the latest form of Ponzi schemes. They think that they can blend in and make it seem like these programs are legal when clearly they aren’t. Thank you so much for dropping by today Leo and offering your thoughts on this. If I can ever help you out in any way please let me know.
Cheers
Your Friend, ScottActivities Sports & Athletics Future Majors: When, Where Golf's Major Championships Are Coming Next Schedule of future majors in men's and women's golf, pro and amateur Share PINTEREST Email Print That major-championship-winning feeling. 2020: April 9-12, Augusta National Golf Club, Augusta, Ga. 2021: April 8-11, Augusta National Golf Club, Augusta, Ga. 2022: April 7-10, Augusta National Golf Club, Augusta, Ga. 2023: April 6-9, Augusta National Golf Club, Augusta, Ga. U.S. Open 2024: 2020: July 16-19, Royal St. George's, Sandwich, Kent, England2021: July 15-18, The Old Course at St. Andrews, Scotland2022: July 14-17, Royal Liverpool Golf Club, Hoylake, England PGA Championship 2020: May 14-17, 2020: June 4-7, Champions Golf Club, Houston, Texas 2021: June 3-6, Olympic Club, San Francisco, Calif. 2022: June 2-5, Pine Needles Lodge & Golf Club, Southern Pines, N.C. 2023: June 1-4, Pebble Beach Golf Links, Pebble Beach, Calif. 2024: May 30-June 2, Lancaster Country Club, Lancaster, Pa. Women's British Open 2020: Dates TBA, Royal Troon Golf Club, Troon, Scotland2021: Dates TBA, Royal Porthcawl Golf Club, Rest Bay, Porthcawl, Wales KPMG Women's PGA Championship 2020: TBA, Aronimink Golf Club, Aronimink, Pa.2022: TBA, Congressional Country Club, Bethesda, Md.2023: TBA, Baltusrol Golf Club, Springfield, N.J.2024: TBA2025: TBA2026: TBA2027: TBA, Congressional Country Club, Bethesda, Md. Evian Championship 2020: 2020: May 7-10, Greystone Golf & Country Club, Hoover, Alabama U.S. Senior Open 2020: June 25-28, Newport Country Club, Newport, R.I.2021: July 8-11, Omaha (Neb.) Country Club2022: June 23-26, Saucon Valley Country Club, Bethlehem, Pa. Senior PGA Championship 2020: May 21-24, The Golf Club at Harbor Shores, Benton Harbor, Michigan2021: Dates TBA, Southern Hills Country Club, Tulsa, Okla.2022: Dates TBA, The Golf Club at Harbor Shores, Benton Harbor, Michigan2023: TBA2024: Dates TBA, The Golf Club at Harbor Shores, Benton Harbor, Michigan2025: Dates TBA, Congressional Country Club, Bethesda, Md.2033: Dates TBA, Congressional Country Club, Bethesda, Md. Senior British Open 2020: July 23-26, Sunningdale Golf Club, Berkshire, England Senior Players Championship 2020: July 9-12, Firestone Country Club, Akron, Ohio U.S. Senior Women's Open 2020: July 9-12, Brooklawn Country Club in Fairfield, Conn. Amateur Golf Majors (Men and Women) The national opens of the United States and Britain, for both men and women, are considered the four amateur majors. U.S. Amateur Championship 2020: Aug. 10-16, Bandon Dunes Golf Resort, Bandon, Ore. British Amateur Championship 2020: June 15-20, Royal Birkdale Golf Club, Southport, England2021: TBA, Nairn Golf Club in Scotland U.S. Women's Amateur Championship 2020: Aug. 6-9, Woodmont Country Club, Rockville, Md.2021: Aug. 5-8: Westchester Country Club, Rye, N.Y. British Ladies Amateur Championship 2020: Dates TBA, Kilmarnock Golf Club, Ayrshire, Scotland2021: TBA, Hunstanton Golf Club, Norfolk, England Featured VideoWherever you store media, iconik can manage it all, giving you a holistic view of all your assets no matter where they live.
Your media is on hand 24/7 in the cloud from any device that's connected to the internet.
From the moment media enters iconik, you can access what you need from anywhere on the globe.
Managing media in the cloud requires no hardware maintenance cost.
You have the world-class security measures provided by the leading cloud storage providers, plus a 30-day backup of any content in iconik.
Iconik has been natively built for the cloud.
Keep large file on-premise where they are needed for editing. Proxies will be in the cloud.
If your team likes how media is organized on-premise, you can keep the same folder structure as iconik collections.
Work with your original files locally with the option to keep only proxies or hi-res versions in the cloud as needed
Choose which content will be offline, unable to be accessed or shared online.
Iconik will also manage your hi-res, on-premise assets. Proxy versions are indexed and searchable in the cloud even while your original media is stored locally.
Bring any of your existing cloud or on-premise storages into iconik. Your original files can live anywhere you choose.
The iconik Storage Gateway (ISG) is at the core of our hybrid cloud approach. This video explains how it works.ArchCare Corporate Office
Get the best ArchCare corporate office details including the address to send mail and ArchCare phone number you can reach out during usual working hours. ArchCare Headquarters Address is at 205 Lexington Avenue, Staten Island, NY, USA, 10016. This is the most up-to-date information you can find for ArchCare corporate office.
What is ArchCare Corporate Phone Number?
ArchCare Corporate Phone Number is 646-633-4700
ArchCare corporate office has the state of the art communication system allowing you to call their phone number and reach out the person you are looking for, automatically. When you call ArchCare corporate office select the right deparment you need including CEO, management, logitcis, sales & marketing, accounting and finance, human resources, ArchCare customer service, customer support, legal and all other departments.
What is ArchCare Corporate Office Address?
ArchCare
205 Lexington Avenue
Staten Island
NY 10016
USA
As the CoronaVirus hapenning nationwide and worldwide, ArchCare corporate office hours might change according to the NY state authorities instructions. ArchCare corporate office is enforcing the state rules to protect is employees and customers – please visit ArchCare official website for updates and guidance.
The telephone number above for ArchCare corporate office may not be a toll-free phone number and you may get charged while calling this number at the usual calling prices according to your operator. This ArchCare corporate office number is available on normal working hours and may be closed during some official holidays.
Our goal is always to provide you with the best and most up-to-date information on ArchCare
Archdiocese of Chicago Corporate Office
Archer Corporate Office
Archer & Greiner P.C. Corporate Office
Arch Insurance Group Corporate Office
Architectural Glass & Aluminum Company Corporate Office
Archon Group Corporate Office
Arch Pharmalabs Limited Corporate Office
Archway Corporate Office
Arc International Corporate Office
ArcLight Capital Partners Corporate Office
T-Mobile Corporate Office
Need Assistance? Please Contact UsToday we are going to be discussing How To Intergrate Calendly On Your Website…I have actually utilized Calendly in a handful of various methods. My number of meetings increased when I was utilizing Calendly.
Today comes news from a start-up that has belonged of that trend: Calendly, a popular cloud-based service that individuals use to establish and validate meeting times with others, has closed a financial investment of $350 million from OpenView Venture Partners and Iconiq.
The funding round consists of both secondary and primary money (slightly more of the latter than the previous, from what I understand) spend for a service in the event that your consultation is not a company meeting however, say, a yoga class. Pricing varieties from complimentary (one calendar/one user/one occasion) to premium ($ 8/month) and professional ($ 12/month) for more calendars, features, events and integrations, with bigger packages for enterprises likewise readily available.
Its growth, on the other hand, has to date been based mostly around an extremely natural strategy: Calendly welcomes become links to Calendly itself, so people who use it and like it can (and do) start to utilize it, too.
The wide range of its use cases, and the virality of that development strategy, have been winners. Calendly is already profitable, and it has been for many years. And more recently, it has seen an increase, specifically in the last twelve months, as new Calendly users have actually emerged, as a result of how we are living.
We may not be doing more traditional “service meetings” weekly, but the variety of meetings we now need to set up, has actually gone up.
All of the unscripted and serendipitous encounters we utilized to have around an office, or a neighborhood cafe, or the park? Those are now set up. Educators and trainees satisfying for a remote lesson? Those likewise need invitations for online meetings.
And so do sessions with therapists, virtual dinner parties, and even (where they can still take place) in-person conferences, which are frequently now occurring with more timed accuracy and more record-keeping, to keep social distancing and possible contact tracing in much better order.
Presently, some 10 million of us are using Calendly for all of this on a regular monthly basis, with that number growing 1,180% last year. The army of service users from companies like Twilio, Zoom, and UCSF has actually been joined by instructors, professionals, freelancers, and entrepreneurs, the business states.
The company in 2015 made about $70 million yearly in subscription incomes from its SaaS-based service design and appears positive that its aggregated incomes will not long from now get to $1 billion.
While the secondary financing is going towards providing liquidity to existing financiers and early workers, Awotona stated the strategy will be to use the primary capital to invest in the company’s business.
That will include developing out its platform with more tools and combinations– it started with and still has a considerable R&D operation in Kiev, Ukraine– broadening its operations with more skill (it presently has around 200 staff members and plans to double headcount), more service development and more. How To Intergrate Calendly On Your Website
2 noteworthy proceed that front are also being revealed with the funding: Jeff Diana is coming on as primary individuals officer with a mission to double the business’s worker 8 years old, has been rather, an increasingly noteworthy city for innovation startups and other companies however typically growth playbook.
Calendly may have closed this huge round quietly and continued to get on with company, were it not for a brief Tweet last autumn that signified the company raising money and forming up to be a peaceful giant.
” The company’s capital effectiveness and what @TopeAwotona has developed should have way more credit than they get,” it read. “Maybe this will begin to change that recognition.”
Does Calendly have a free option? How To Intergrate Calendly On Your Website consenting to chat, with a Calendly link (naturally) to select a time.
( Thanks, unnamed TC writer, for never writing about Calendly when Tope originally pitched you years ago: you may have whet his hunger to react to me.). How To Intergrate Calendly On Your WebsiteMay 05, 2004
Restored Memories
In response to my moaning about only having one half of How the West was One, a kind reader and fellow Orthoblogger has been kind enough to provide a replacement copy of the first CD. I don't know if he would want me to mention him here by name.
As I have been listening to it, it brings back so many memories. Some are directly related to the album, others only tangentally so. I remember spending hours playing the songs out of my 2nd Chapter of Acts songbook on the old upright piano at the church. As I started listening to HTWWO I was playing quite a bit of air guitar. However, when it got to "Now I That I Belong To You" I started playing air piano, because despite my fairly modest skills, I could play all the argeggios and runs of the instrumental break. It was like my fingers still remembered the motions. At least it was much more authentic than my digital emulation of Phil Keaggy.
The CD also reminds me of the various times I saw 2nd Chapter and Keaggy in concert (separately, of course). One of the times I saw the latter, I arranged to do an interview for a book I was hoping to write (an ambitious project for a 18 or 19 year old). I must have the cassette tape of that interview somewhere. No doubt it is buried in the boxes and boxes of tapes in my parents' garage.
I think about the first time I saw 2nd Chapter. My parents took me up to Houston to a church, the name of which escapes me but it seems like it was somewhere around 12th and Shepherd (any ideas?), and sat in the back while I sat right behind Buck Herring's bald head at the sound board. I had no idea then that I would have breakfast with Buck and Annie in their home six years later. But that's another story...Posted by david at May 5, 2004 03:05 AM | TrackBackTrade Alert: Beyond Meat
Trade Alert: One of Top Short Ideas from Q4 Outlook
Beyond Meat
Ticker: BYNDSector: Food Processing
Current Price: $141.50
First Target: $125.00
Stop Loss: $160.00
Time Duration: 37 days
Trade Idea – Buy BYND November 140-125-110 Put Butterfly Spread for $3.70 debit or less.
Specifically:
- Buy to open 1x November 140 puts for $20.50 debit
- Sell to open 2x November 125 puts for $11.00 credit
- Buy to open 1x November 110 puts for $5.20 credit
Alternate Trade – Buy November / October (25) Weekly 130 put calendar spread for $8.50 debit or less. If you go with this calendar spread, the short leg was picked with October 25 expiry so that in ideal scenario it expires worthless for max gains, allowing you convert the November puts into a vertical spread into catalysts explained below.
BYND will be a Top Short recommendation in upcoming Q4 Outlook which I haven’t released yet. This is the second pick from this Outlook in which I am issuing trade alert early. Unlike most of our research which is driven by hard facts and channel checks, the write up here you will find much more opinionated than anything. It is to be expected when you are dealing with stocks in bubble territories swimming with frothy investors sentiment. There is a hard catalyst in play here.
On October 29th, lock up period will end which will allow insiders to dump shares on the market freely. Collectively, the CEO, CFO, Board of Directors as well as VC insiders have already dumped 3 million shares a month ago after getting approval from IPO underwriters, while telling the general public that it was secondary offering (not insider selling). Of 3.3 million shares they dumped, only 300,000 was secondary, while the rest were simply insiders selling early.
On October 30th company will report earnings. While I generally expect a good quarter, but I don’t believe company can maintain +60% CAGR growth rate for next 10 years which is what analysts are basing their assumptions.
Technically, chart has major air pocket below if it starts to breakdown below $140 that could send it as low as $100/share. Please note both option structures advised above are chosen to take these catalysts as well as technical picture in mind while keeping the cost of entry as low as possible.
See full bear case on stock HERE.
Fahad
Produced by BullsItoy, this figure stands approx. 2" tall and is one in a series of 12 different figures. Sold in mystery blind bags. Part of Star Trek's 50th Anniversary. This is just for the Uhura figure. No flyer or packging included.
Star Trek Chibis Mini Collectible 2" Figure Uhura BullsItoy 2016
ABOUT OUR PRODUCTS
Most items offered are from my personalEhud Olmert’s “Convergence” Plan for the West Bank and U.S. Middle East Policy
At the same time, Olmert and his associates have been basing their policies for separating from the West Bank and Gaza Arabs on population statistics compiled by the PA’s Central Bureau of Statistics in a census it published in 1997. These numbers have long been accepted by Israeli demographers without question and have formed the basis of the demographic projections on which Olmert and his associates maintain their insistence on the need for Israelto withdraw from the West Bank.[26]
In 2004, however, a group of American and Israeli researchers examined the Palestinian numbers.[27] Their findings, released in January 2005, found that the numbers and the population projections were based on false data, incorrect assumptions and incorrect population counts that inflated the Palestinian population of the West Bank and Gaza by some 50 percent. The Palestinian Authority double-counted 200,000 Arab residents ofJerusalem. The Palestinian Authority counted some 400,000 Arabs who live abroad. They projected net immigration every year for the Palestinian Authority while since 1995, the Authority has experienced net emigration every year. Birth rates were inflated and death rates were deflated.
The research team found that there are today some 2.5 million Palestinians living in the West Bank and Gaza. Today, Jews constitute 81 percent of Israel’s population and will most likely make up 77 percent of the population in 2025. Jews make up 67 percent of the population of Israel and the West Bank and will most likely make up 63 percent of the population of these areas in 2025.[28]
Israel’s Arab population is growing faster than its Jewish population while the West Bank’s Jewish population is growing faster than its Arab population. Consequently, abandoning potential Israeli claims to the West Bank, if anything, accelerates the day when Israel’s ethnic makeup will pose a threat to its democratic stability.
Although Olmert and his associates have been presented with the new data, they have never acknowledged the problematic nature of the Palestinian data on which they have based their policy of separating from the West Bank Arabs.[29] The policy implications of the new data, of course, are unmistakable. If Israel is not in danger of losing its Jewish majority even if it retains control over the West Bank, then Israel may retain all options on the table for ultimate resolution of the conflict — from yielding the territory to a peaceful Palestinian neighbor through power-sharing in the areas to full incorporation of the areas into Israel.
In the meantime, however, removing Israeli civilians from the West Bank and empowering the Palestinian Authority do nothing to improve democracy in the area. The Israeli withdrawals will not add or detract from the overall number of Israelis and Palestinians. While the potential for Palestinian democracy is theoretically enhanced as a result of Israeli withdrawals, the historical record shows that the reality will be quite different — Palestinians in the West Bank will likely lose democratic rights as the Palestinian Authority gains greater power.[30]
- China weaponizes space as the US loses its bearings - November 12, 2021
- Trading Jerusalem for US visas - November 1, 2021
- The West’s war against the Jewish state - October 28, 2021air-WMS Warehouse Management System
air-WMS is an intelligent system for the complex logistics environments that is a role-based system applicable to various businesses and industries,
enabling accurate and efficient warehouse management and flexible logistics operation.
CMS predicts any abnormalities in facilities with predictive technology for facility failure analysis and malfunction detection through intelligent wireless sensor modules and AI algorithms.Joint Development of with KAIST Learn more
Applicable to various businesses including food, pharmaceutical, and cosmetic industries, MES allows efficient manufacturing management with accurate, real-time data from receiving orders to the end of the manufacturing process.Learn more
air-RFID
air-RFID can be applied to the Smart Factory or logistics management system to provide real-time data on manufacturing and distribution, offering a systematic product management such as tracking and record keeping.Learn more
Automation Providing Optimized Logistics Automation System, Logistics Automation
Based on our extensive experience and know-hows in building various logistics systems, Logistics Automation provides optimized logistics facilities that suit the need of our customers through analysis, designing, manufacturing, installation, and test-runs.Learn more
Through joint R&D of wireless intelligent sensor technology with KAIST, we provide the best technology that can be effectively used in the manufacturing/logistics work-fields.Learn more
best digital technology[Video Game Deep Cuts is a weekly newsletter from curator/video game industry veteran Simon Carless, rounding up the best longread & standout articles & videos about games, every weekend.
This week's highlights include innumerable 'best of the year' countdowns - from VR games to mobile titles to, uh, Eric Wolpaw's vegan juice cuts, and loads more besides.
Well, we made it to the end, folks. The end of the year, that is. I'm reliably informed there's another one starting soon, though - and may have even got here by the time you read this, depending on how good you're being about staying away from email.
Anyhow, this was my first full year of Video Game Deep Cuts, and I wanted to thank all of you for opening, reading, and recommending. The newsletter is a great clarifying of the week's 'cool things about video games' for me, and hopefully it does a similar groovy number on your textual-visual cortex, like. Om....
Happy New Year!
- Simon, curator.]
------------------
Yoko Taro's Top 10 Games of 2017 (Yoko Taro / GiantBomb - ARTICLE)
"NieR:Automata's creator has a few thoughts about the games he loved most in 2017. [SIMON'S NOTE: This is part of a GIGANTIC set of Top 10s from the GiantBomb crew & guests that I highly recommend you check out - I may feature one or two others below.]"
Replay All: #105 At World's End (Reply All / Gimlet Media - PODCAST)
"Well okay. So three months ago, I got an email from one of our listeners. And she was writing because she’d lost something on the internet and she really wanted help finding it... And there’s this one Flash game that Kris remembers playing that she says was the best game that they played. It’s called, “Bunni: How We First Met.”"
'PUBG' Creator Talks Game Launch, eSports, IP Protection (Steve T. Wright / Glixel - ARTICLE)
"“It has absolutely nothing to do with PUBG or my work. I just feel that games don’t have the same IP protection as literature or music or movies, and I think that’s a shame. It makes it very difficult for developers to protect their intellectual property, and they have to act a certain way because of that.”"
Open Production With Sunless Sea: Kickstarter, Early Access and After (Alexis Kennedy / GDC / YouTube - VIDEO)
"In this 2016 GDC session, Failbetter Studios' Alexis Kennedy explains how the company used open publishing techniques to bootstrap from being a moribund studio months from bankruptcy to a successful, cash-flow positive company with their first Unity game."
Nintendo's Switch Brings Some Magic Back (Simon Parkin / New York Times - ARTICLE)
"Jake Kazdal, an American video game developer who lives in Kyoto, Japan, spent a night in early March refreshing the website of GameStop, the video game retail chain in the United States. He wanted to buy Nintendo’s just-released console, the Switch. But the device had already sold out in Japan, forcing him to look elsewhere."
Virtual reality’s best experiences and biggest (teleportation) steps in 2017 (Sam Machkovech / Ars Technica - ARTICLE)
. [SIMON'S NOTE: rare to see someone with multiplatform VR knowledge, so this article is very useful for 'the state of the art'.]"
Akira Nishitani / Katsuhiro Harada Interview (Ikko / Denfaminicogamer / #JPFGC - ARTICLE)
"For Nishitani, who is returning to world of fighting games, what thought process gave birth to [Street Fighter 2],."
Erik Wolpaw's Top 10 Games of 2017 (Erik Wolpaw / GiantBomb - ARTICLE)
"Former Valve writer and current vegan juice salesman Erik Wolpaw would like you to know that he enjoyed these ten video games in 2017. [SIMON'S NOTE: please read this. No really, please do.]"
A life in game journalism (Dean Takahashi / VentureBeat - ARTICLE)
"Merry Christmas and happy holidays. I thought I would do something different for a holiday message this year. It’s based on a talk I gave to a game journalism class at Stanford University recently. It’s about my life in game journalism, and how I got to where I am today. I hope you enjoy it."
TouchArcade Game of the Year 2017: 'Death Road to Canada' (Eli Hodapp / TouchArcade - ARTICLE)
"This... [SIMON'S NOTE: TouchArcade picks up a LOT of mobile titles that others miss - also see: Jared's 10 Best Games of 2017 - Some of the Biggest Releases of the Year and a Few Hidden Gems, Eli's 10 Best Games of 2017 - These Games Need to Be Listed SOMEWHERE, Mikhail's 10 Best Games of 2017 - Best iOS Gaming Year Ever, Shaun's 10 Best Games of 2017 - A Year Full of Truly Unique Mobile Games, Rob's 10 Best Games of 2017 - A Purrfect Year for Mobile Gaming, Tasos' 10 Best Games of 2017 - 'Arena of Valor', 'Gorogoa', and More Made the List.]"
Made in Brazil: A Game Development Snapshot (Cloth Map / YouTube - VIDEO)
"Brazil's 200 million people love video games, so why haven’t we heard more about games FROM Brazil? [SIMON'S NOTE: also see Pumped To Be Here: Brazil's Game Fans from the same video series.]"
Top 2017 Games That Waste Your Time Properly (Paolo Pedercini / Molleindustria - ARTICLE)
"This best-of-the-year list is devoted to the idealists who organize the players’ time according to their expressive goals, and not to the perceived market demand. If games are machines for wasting time, they may as well waste it in an artful way."
Kansas Man Killed In ‘SWATting’ Attack (Brian Krebs / Krebs On Security - ARTICLE)
"A 28-year-old Kansas man was shot and killed by police officers on the evening of Dec. 28 after someone fraudulently reported a hostage situation ongoing at his home... This particular swatting reportedly originated over a $1.50 wagered match in the online game Call of Duty. Compounding the tragedy is that the man killed was an innocent party who had no part in the dispute. [SIMON'S NOTE: don't generally link straight news, but this is notable.]"
Chasing Innovation Inside the Company Behind D&D, Magic and Avalon Hill (Brian Crecente / Glixel - ARTICLE)
"Dungeons & Dragons, Axis & Allies, Magic: The Gathering, Duel Masters and, soon, Transformers: Chances are that if you’ve played a board game, a card game, a tabletop game, you’ve played a Wizards of the Coast game. With a 27 year history of success under its belt and a back-library that spans nearly 50 years, Wizards of the Coast is in many ways the face of tabletop gaming."
Game Over (Emily Short & voice cast / BBC - RADIO PLAY)
"Building a video game that works, where the player understands the goals and enjoys the experience is one thing, but Chelsea wants her new game to change the world. She's calling it Glacier and it will tell the story of an Alaskan village eroded by global warming. [SIMON'S NOTE: Insider-ish in scarily accurate ways, kicks off with IGF-aping, mucho recommendo.]"
How Bomber Crew's devs found outsized success with a permadeath flight crew sim (Joel Couture / Gamasutra - ARTICLE)
"That unexpected success was something the developers wanted to capitalize on, both financially and to reward all of the players who had so kindly supported them. Still, what were they to do for all of these players who were enjoying their game, and how to do it?"
The most surprising games of 2017 (Tom Chick / Quarter To Three - ARTICLE)
. [SIMON'S NOTE: always controversial but with lots of depth - Tom Chick plays a LOT of games - also see most overrated for special controversy, haha.]"
That Game on Your Phone May Be Tracking What You’re Watching on TV (Sapna Maheshwari / New York Times - ARTICLE)
."
How ScummVM is keeping adventure games alive, one old game at a time (Richard Cobbett / PC Gamer - ARTICLE)
"There are many revival projects out there, from DOSBox to single-game engines like Exult for Ultima VII. One of the biggest and oldest is ScummVM, launched in 2001 and named for the classic SCUMM engine—Script Creation Utility For Maniac Mansion—which gave us all of Lucasarts’ classic adventure games."
The Best Video Games Of 2017 (Simon Parkin / The New Yorker - ARTICLE)
"These are tough times for the thoughtful fan of video games. Adult play, typically viewed with suspicion away from the golf course (where it’s justified by networking), the sports arena (where it’s justified by money), or the bedroom (where it’s justified by, uh, wine?) seems especially frivolous in our put-upon world."
Brandon Sheffield's all-time top 10 games hidden in other games (Brandon Sheffield / Gamasutra - ARTICLE)
"Hidden games are among my favorite things. I’m talking about games tucked away within published games. Specifically I’m interested in games that have little to nothing to do with the games they’re hidden in, and as a result cause the player to speculate. How did these games get in here?"
Alice Maz on Minecraft (Alice Maz - ARTICLE)
"After sinking 10-20k hours into a single MMO and accomplishing a lot of unbelievable things within the confines of its gargantuan ruleset, it is generally pretty easy for me to pick up another game and figure out what makes it tick. I'll tell the story about that whole experience sometime, but it's a long tale to tell. This is about one of those other games: Minecraft. [SIMON'S NOTE: This is an excellent/weird story.]"
------------------
!]I am passionate about waka ama even though I came to it later than most. I was 63 when I took up the sport. I have never done a team sport before, and not done any sport at all in the last 25 years, apart from an occasional walk to the Centre of New Zealand and a couple of small tramps. My first waka ama race was at Lake Rotoiti in February 2014 and I was ‘hooked’.
I am currently a member of the Maitahi Outrigger Canoe Club and am mainly paddling with an OC6 Golden Masters mixed crew of 6. We are training for endurance 20km races. I also paddle with a couple of recreational crews. Joining the club has been fantastic for me. It has given me opportunities to participate and to learn, but what I love the most is the strong whanau support, the encouragement and inclusiveness waka ama seems to engender.
At 64 I was the youngest in my Golden Masters crew when we did the 20km race at the “Tuna E Hoe Ana” waka ama regatta at Lake Rotoiti in February this year (2015). We completed the race in 1 hour 56 minutes. The category (Golden Masters) was uncontested. However, we beat both a masters and a senior masters crew in the same race.
My ‘Cool Impossible’ (thank you Eric Orton)
And now I have a dream – to paddle Vaka Eiva (the Round Rarotonga race) in November 2016 and the Motu2Motu race in Aitutaki that follows it. The Vaka Eiva race is 37 km race that requires paddlers to do water changes (deep water entry). This requires upper body and core strength on top of normal paddling endurance as well as confidence and courage. It also requires that I jump out of the waka and out of the support boat into deep water. I am terrified of jumping into deep water.
Outward Bound
So last month I applied for a scholarship from Waka Ama NZ to go to Outward Bound on a 3 week Masters course. The age range stated 27+. I emailed away and asked “how far can we stretch the plus?”. I was told that I sounded like a great candidate and to apply. I got the scholarship, passed the medical and went, “Oh, what have I done!”. I see the Outward Bound 21 day course as being an ideal way to start building towards that strength, confidence and courage I will need to compete in the Rarotonga race and to face some of my fears. I believe it will challenge me physically, emotionally and mentally.
Boot camp
In preparation to go to Outward Bound I knew I needed to get fitter so I have been in boot camp for an hour, twice a week, the last 5 weeks. It is paying off. I have never worked so hard, sweated so much, had so much encouragement from my trainer and other boot campers, or lost so much weight so easily. It has been a real eye opener into what I am capable of – so much more than I would have thought. I hadn’t realised that the effort required would be so great or the rewards so delicious. (I can actually look at those fancy yoga tights and running gear now and imagine myself in them. That definitely was not an option before.)
Age is no barrier to starting
I will turn 65 the day after I complete the Outward Bound course. What a rite of passage into an age where a lot of people are thinking to slow down.
I want to show others that age is not necessarily a barrier to starting. I want to inspire others my age to have a go, start something, keep going, keep active, keep competing. I also want to inspire younger paddlers by showing them that people our age can still ‘cut the mustard’.
Encouragement from a friend
To qualify for Outward Bound I have to be able to run 3 km in under 25 minutes and do it easily by June the 7th. Its not a big distance to most people. I can paddle a waka 20km, but running is something else again. Before I applied for the scholarship I could run about 50mtres. I power walked the rest just to make sure I could do it. I did the 3km in 23 mins 56 seconds. However, I wasn’t a pretty sight when I finished and my recovery time was considerable (days, not minutes). I had tried again a month later and got shin splints after the first 1km. A friend sent me some words of encouragement when I said I was starting to doubt I that I would be able to ever do it.
Winning has nothing to do with racing,
Most days don’t have races anyway.
Winning is about struggle and effort and optimism,
and never, ever, ever giving up.
I have never been a runner, never wanted to be a runner but, by golly, I want to do this Outward Bound course, want to do the Rarotonga race, and so I will learn to run. I am not giving up!
You may wonder what this article is doing in the GoMinimal blog. Brendyn is my running coach and the main reason I walk, and now run, in minimalist shoes.
3 thoughts on “Racing into Retirement”
Kia ora Jan. I’ve just finished reading your blog and I’m in absolute admiration of you. You Go Girl ????????????????????
Your blog resonated in me in so many ways… I was in awe, cracking up and right there with you…especially the running. I had to text a friend the link to your page so I could share your kōrero and my experience of being in your moment…despite your blog being written in April 2015.
My name is BJ, I’m 48 this year and I’ve only just completed my first National Waka Ama Sprints after joining my local waka ama club last July. And like you, I’m hooked. This is my first team sport in 20 years.
I appreciate that you have progressed and achieved many of your goals since writing this blog. I would love to read an update should you be willing to share. Thank you for writing this blog. Oh and just to share how I found your blog…I went to Google “35km Training Preparation Waka Ama Paddling”. Your blog was in my result list.
Amazing and inspiring sharing…thank you Jan ????????????????
Hi BJ, Well done for taking the plunge and doing the National Sprints! How did you go? I’m more of a distance paddler I decided. Are you thinking of distance paddling. Our club, Maithai OCC, has an event coming up in a couple of weeks at Lake Rotoiti, Nelson Lakes National Park. Tuna E Hoe Ana, (Paddling with the Eels). They are big in there. Where abouts are you based? I will be posting an update soonish. Thanks for your feedback. Cheers Jan
Kia ora Jan. Thank you for your reply. First nationals …amazing experience and can’t wait for next year. Our best result was to place 5th in the W12 500m Master Women finals. That result earned us a place at the World Sprint Championships being held in Australia in May this year. A result that exceeded our expectations.
I am a paddler with Te Pou Herenga Waka Ama Club based in Weymouth, Auckland. The club is preparing for the long distance series. I’m really looking forward to the longer distances and paddling the ocean waters.
I’ll keep an eye out for your updates. And thank you again for your reply.
Kind regards, BJPrincipality on Social Media
At Principality Building Society, we aim to help people prosper in their homes at every stage of life, and we apply that ethos to how we use social media – whether that’s helping a Member that has an issue with their account or through helpful content that makes managing your money easier.
Through our social media channels, we aim to help people feel more confident with their money. We run plenty of competitions to give our followers a chance to win fantastic prizes, such as tickets for Principality Stadium events. We also shine a light on the causes we care about, including how we support our local communities and charity partners.
YouTube
Subscribe to our YouTube channel where you can watch all of our video content – from tips on how to save money to all about how to make the most of our online banking service, Your Account.
Are you on Facebook? We have a growing community of savers on our Facebook page. Give us a ‘like’ and ‘follow’ to find out more about how you can save money, our latest products and propositions, competitions and how we’re supporting our communities across Wales.
Like and follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter if you like your information in short, quick and easy, no-more-than 280-character tweets. We’ll be sharing quick tips on how you can save money, how we’re supporting our communities and charity partners, as well as the latest news about the Society.
On Instagram, we shine a light on the people behind Principality Building Society. You can also find plenty of useful – and relatable – hints and tips on how to save money and untangle the home-buying process, whether you’re a first-time buyer or looking to upsize or downsize.
Follow us on LinkedIn to find out more about the people behind Principality Building Society, keep up to date with the latest Society news and find out about our latest career opportunities.
Connect with us on LinkedIn
Safe and polite
It's important to keep yourself safe online, and social networking sites are no exception. Be sure to never disclose your account details online. Be kind and considerate and keep comments friendly.The Washington Capitals needed to add some defense after Michal Kempny suffered a torn Achilles in offseason training and they’ll pick up a former rival. Justin Schultz has agreed to a two-year contract with the Capitals that will carry a $4MM cap hit.
Schultz, 30, was a 51-point defenseman just a few years ago but has seen his offensive production almost completely dry up. When you’re supposed to be a play-driving defenseman, 12 points in 46 games just isn’t cutting it. Over the last three seasons, Schultz has played in just 138 games and has just 54 points, not enough when you also don’t provide much polish at the defensive end.
Perhaps it’s just the injuries that have sapped his production, but given how poor his possession statistics have also been it’s hard to know exactly what the Capitals are getting. For $4MM per season on a Stanley Cup contender, that’s a big risk to take.
Schultz fits in just ahead of the re-signed Brenden Dillon on the salary chart and reduces the Capitals remaining space to almost zero. Moving Kempny onto long-term injured reserve will give them a little more wiggle room, but without moving money out there isn’t a lot more the Capitals can do.
Michal Kempny was probably “training.”
I thought he got $4 million OVER two years, not per year for two years, and I was torn on whether this was an OK signing.
Wow.
Good for Schultz. Thanks for 2017. Glad the Caps want to fund your retirement.
In this year’s playoffs, Schultz was so bad he made Jack Johnson look like Victor Hedman. Looked like he had never played hockey before.
@forwhomjoshbelltolls – Make that two WOWs!
Make that 3 wows, I thought that was over 2 years not AAV as well!
And 4 wows….Caps do like to sign old dmen from the Pens.
This is what we in Edmonton were saying for years!!!!
As noted 5 wow’s. What is Washington thinking?
Is this the stupid contract of the year. Still wonder about Josh Anderson, how about a tie for now.
I reserve judgment on both of the recent signings until I see the chemistry on defense. I could still see Schultz being an asset on the second power play, but don’t necessarily see him as a positive in front of King Henrik. The Caps do like the aggressive D-Men but paid the price last year in he transition game. This team succeeds when they posses the puck and control the flow.They have gotten away from that the last two years and it cost Todd that warm spot on the bench.
This signing tell me they are depending on the bears to supply the Defense (at both forwards and Defense) and trying to use the rookie and the Old King to hold the dike. Sounds dubious yes. But it ust might work…
I hope your idea work’s.Cap’s d will have to play d this year.I think your young Russian goalie has a bright future.Forwards are getting older.Your in the same boat as pens; Trying to win now.Enjoy while you can.General (11)
D'Asigner Events wedding planning services are completely personalized... based on the amount of hours spent planning your wedding to achieve your dream vision. Because every engaged couple has different ideas, every wedding planning project requires a different amount of planning hours, so, charging a flat, generic rate is nearly impossible for customized service. We encourage an open dialog of your estimated budget so that we can help you acheive the wedding of your dreams.
Absolutely. we can give you a list of tasks (with deadlines) you can work on your own that will help save money.
We specialize in weddings that have budgets that allow customization. Even a “simple” wedding can be customized without breaking the budget. As professional licensed interior designers, we take pride in not "copying" another wedding planners work and always infuse the client’s style and personality into the décor.
No, of course not. A bad wedding planner is one who takes control away from you and that is not the point of wedding planning. D’Asigner Events becomes an extension of who you are and your vision…it’s your day. We help you fully explore your own ideas and visions then supply concepts and solutions to achieve those dreams.
Of course. As long as they are a legitimate business or professional and can provide proof of liability insurance, we are happy to work with them.
Yes. we have liability insurance that allows us to work confidently everywhere.
You have complete exclusivity with D'Asigner Events when you book our Wedding Planning Service. All of our focus and attention is on your special wedding day from concept to completion.
Please do! Our Brides and Grooms and their families have become great friends and are the biggest cheerleaders for our wedding planning services. You can also read the Testimonials (Kiss and Tell) on this website.
Yes and yes. We accept all major credit cards and can set up payment plans so that everything is paid in full 7 days before the wedding.
Fabulous! The next step is for you to fill out the Contact information on this website and request a “Get Acquainted” complimentary phone session. We want to hear all about your vision for your dream-wedding day and how D'Asigner Events can best assist you in achieving your dream come true.
We are happy to explain the different packages offered to see which one makes the most sense for you.Southern Living recipe with some tweaking.
I have always loved Southern Living’s recipes. Back in the 70’s I submitted and had accepted about 5 recipes for the SL magazine. For having a recipe published in the magazine I received the yearly annual SL cookbook and also 50 recipe cards with “my recipe that appeared in SL magazine”. I actually still have a few of those cards somewhere in boxes in storage.
When I first saw this recipe and made it I could still buy good “cling free” peaches. This salad would be just as delicious for a Fall dinner using roasted apples. Pork and apples make the perfect combo.
The recipe begged (I think) for some charred corn and definitely some avocado. Wished I’d had some cilantro and I would have given it a good sprinkling. The bread slices are so crusty and oily and when it mixes with the greens and pork make for the perfect bite of food.
Hope you will give this a try and you can easily do all the steps in your oven if you do feel like turning that grill on. If you have any ideas for additions to the recipe, please leave a note in “comment” section below.
BLAST FROM THE PAST: My Forbidden Bowl was a recipe I was inspired to make after having it at Flower Child in Austin.
Put the onions (you may want more), peaches and bread slices on a cookie sheet and drizzle with some of the oil.
These get cooked in stages since the onions will take a lot longer to cook or you could do the cooking in the oven under the boiler.
Remove the bread slices after they toasty brown and the peaches after they have grill marks. After the peaches have cooled slice into thin pieces.
I used red leaf lettuce, arugula and baby spinach for my greens.
After the pork tenderloin has rested for a few minutes, cut into slices. Just look at those charred onions, and they were delicious.
Grilled Pork and Peach Salad
Ingredients
- 1 1/2 lb. pork tenderloin silver skin removed
- 1 Tbsp. barbecue seasoning
- 3 1/2 tsp. kosher salt divided
- 1/4 c. plus 5 Tbsp. olive oil divided
- 3 medium peaches unpeeled, halved and pitted*
- 1 large Vidalia onion or more halved lengthwise through stem end
- 1 baguette cut into 1/4 inch thick slices
- 2-3 ears of corn roasted and charred a little
- 1-2 avocado sliced thin
- 4 Tbsp. apple cider vinegar
- 2 Tbsp. Dijon mustard
- 2 Tbsp. stone ground mustard
- 2 Tbsp. honey
- 1 lb. mixed greens with arugula spinach and red lettuce
Instructions
- Preheat a grill to medium-high (400°F to 450°F). Pat pork dry with paper towels. Sprinkle all over with barbecue seasoning and 2 teaspoons of the salt; rub with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Set aside.
- Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Toss together peaches, onion, and 2 tablespoons of the oil on prepared baking sheet; push mixture to 1 half of baking sheet. Place baguette slices on other half of baking sheet. Brush baguette evenly on both sides with 2 tablespoons of the oil; sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of the salt.
- Arrange peaches and onion, cut sides down, on 1 section of oiled grill grates. Arrange baguette slices on a separate section of oiled grates. Grill the bread, uncovered, until toasted and crisp, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove from grill. Grill peaches and onion, uncovered and undisturbed, until charred and slightly softened, 3 to 4 minutes total. Remove from grill. Let peaches cool 5 minutes; slice into 1-inch wedges. Set aside.
- You can grill the corn along with the peaches and onions or do it under the broiler until you have some charred marks on the cobs.
- Reduce heat on 1 side of grill to low (250°F to 300°F); keep other side at medium-high (400°F to 450°F). Place pork on grates over medium-high heat. Grill, uncovered, until browned on all sides, turning occasionally, 6 to 8 minutes total. Move pork to grates over low heat; add onion, cut sides down, to grates over low heat. Grill, covered and undisturbed, until onion is softened and a thermometer inserted into thickest portion of pork registers 140°F, about 12 minutes. Remove onion and pork from grill; cool 10 minutes.
- Meanwhile, whisk together vinegar, Dijon, stone-ground mustard, and honey in a large bowl until combined. Slowly whisk in remaining ¼ cup oil.
- Thinly slice pork. Remove and discard onion cores; cut onion into 1-inch wedges. Add arugula/salad mix and remaining ½ teaspoon salt to salad dressing bowl; toss to coat. Arrange salad mixture on a plate; top with pork, peaches, and onion. Cut sections of the charred corn and add to one side of the salad. Run the peeled avocado under cold water after peeling to help keep it from turning dark. Slice and put a few slices next to the salad. Tear grilled baguette slices over salad before serving. (The bread was really good like this -- crispy slices, torn and soaking up the dressing; you may want additional bread slices added to the salad.)
- The above are Southern Livings directions. If you do not have a grill or don't want to fool with that cook the pork tenderloin either on a stove top grill or in the oven. Same with the peaches and onions. You can broil the onions a few minutes before adding the peaches just long enough to get some color on them. You want the onions cooked more than the peaches.
Recipe Notes
Note: The onion was one of my favorite parts so next time I will be adding more onion that recipe called for. Also the corn and avocado and different lettuces were my addition to the recipe. I also doubled the dressing so you have extra to drizzle over salad.TEAM
Dr. Einav Levy
Director
Dr. Einav Levy is the Founding Director of The Israeli School of Humanitarian Action and Lucien Research center for Humanitarian Action. He is also the head of the Stress, Trauma, and Resilience program at Tel-Hai College and Innovation Associate in Binnovate Digital Health B.V. Einav is a director and entrepreneur with a profound experience in the interface between civil society organizations and the business, governmental, and academic sectors, and is an expert in humanitarian action. Einav was a COO of an organization, which promotes development in Africa, a CEO of an NGO dealing with International Humanitarian Action, and is a founding member of SID-ISRAEL (Society of International Development) and a member of its first board. He led humanitarian and social missions in countries including Jordan, Haiti, Serbia, Zambia, Greece, and Uganda.
Einav is a consultant of several Israeli Ministries (Ministry of Health, Ministry of Welfare, Ministry of Social equality, and Ministry of Education) on the topics of managing people in emergencies, systems in crisis, and community resilience.
Einav holds a Master's degree in Management of Emergency and Disasters Situations from Tel Aviv University, and a Ph.D in Medical Sciences from the Liberal University of Brussels. His main academic work is focused on resilience, communities in emergencies, health, and behavior among populations at risk, migrants, and minorities. Einav has teaching experience in Johns Hopkins University, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Hai College, and Haifa University among others. Einav is a reviewer in several academic journals such as AIDS and Behavior and The International Journal of Equity in Health and serves as a guest editor in The Journal of International Humanitarian Action.
His aim is to help NALA grow financially and extend its scope through networking and guiding organizational practices to accommodate growth.Who wants a …reasonably…healthy delicious dessert/snack?! Yay for oatmeal! These little cookies are so sweet you’ll probably only be able to eat one at a time! They’re so good and not nearly as unhealthy as regular cookies! Also, staying true to my style, they’re really easy to make! You Will Need: -1.5 cups flourContinue reading “Oatmeal Cookie Sandwiches”
Monthly Archives: March 2014
Baked Salmon
IContinue reading “Baked Salmon”There's a dusty adage that says your likelihood of scoring with the opposite sex increases if youre in a band or a movie. Double score if you're in a movie about being in a band. If that's true, that makes our very own instrument-wielding all-stars Andrew Jackson Jihad, Haunted Cologne, Treasure Mammal, and Asleep in the Sea the hottest hotties in our hot desert town. Or at least they will be after Samurai Comics and Beat Films present the event called Hooked on Phoenix showcasing Eli Kruger's music documentary Phoenix Rising.
The locally created and produced indie-band flick centers on the Grand Avenue underground music scene, according to Kruger. "When I saw the Jihad, I was blown away," he says. "I've seen a lot of shows at a lot of places around town, but what they're doing at the Trunk Space is totally revolutionary." Shot entirely at Trunk, Phoenix Rising features live performances by some of the best-known -- and soon to be best-loved -- bands in town.
The event will also feature live sets by Male Pattern Radness, Dangerville, and Ray Reeves and the Phoenix $onz.
Sat., March 29, 9 p.m., 2008Today's Deals, by Store
More Deals & Coupons Like "Samsung EDU/EPP: 43" Samsung M7 4K UHD 3840x2160 60Hz Smart Monitor 7.50 + Free Shipping"
Coupon by martyc26
Coupon by mrtor114
25 Nov, 10:16 pmSamsung 32" UR59C Curved 4K UHD Monitor for $ 293.99+ tax (free shipping) at Samsung EPP Store
Coupon by unnut
16 Nov, 6:43 amSamsung EPP/EDU: 32" Samsung M5 Smart Monitor with Streaming TV $183.99 + Free Shipping
Coupon by slikypirate
17 Nov, 6:06 pmSamsung - 86” Class TU9010 LED 4K UHD Smart Tizen TV $1699 @ BB or 1614 @ Samsung with EPP Discount
Coupon by mekanikal
Coupon by unnut
14 Nov, 7:56 pmSamsung UN82TU7000FXZA 82 in. Smart 4K UHD TV AAFES $1099
Coupon by masc243
23 Nov, 7:40 pmSamsung EPP/EDU: 27" Samsung G5 Odyssey 2560x1440 VA 144Hz 1000R Curved Monitor $210 + Free Shipping
Coupon by PayNay
Coupon by Myra87
22 Nov, 8:46 pmSamsung 82" TU700D Crystal UHD 4K Smart TV - UN82TU700DFXZA with 3-Year Warranty $1099.99
Coupon by gapple82
Coupon by iconian
Coupon by AlanB5175
Coupon by DealHunterNYC212
15 Nov, 7:01 pmSamsung 43" 4K Smart Monitor at an all time low of $382 (with Education discount) $382.49
Coupon by timelee
16 Nov, 3:29 amSam's Club Members: 55" Samsung QN55QN85DAFXZA 4K UHD Smart Neo QLED TV with free 4-Year Allstate protection worth (130$) - $1097.99
Coupon by tttred
19 Nov, 8:33 pmSamsung EDU/EPP: Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 40mm (Multiple Colors/Bands) - $189.99 with free shipping @ Samsung
Coupon by DLS4U
14 Nov, 7:39 pmSAMSUNG 65-Inch Class QLED Q60A Series - 4K UHD Dual LED Quantum HDR Smart TV with Alexa Built-in (QN65Q60AAFXZA, 2021 Model) $847.99
Coupon by MagentaTerrier1382
22 Nov, 3:12 pmLimited-time deal: SAMSUNG 85-Inch Class QLED Q60A Series - 4K UHD Dual LED Quantum HDR Smart TV with Alexa Built-in (QN85Q60AAFXZA, 2021 Model) - $1797.99
Coupon by Dealzslickk
Yesterday, 4:20 pmSamsung Odyssey G30A 27" Gaming Monitor (Flat Panel) $193.19 w/ EPP/EDU at Samsung.com (retail $329) 24" @ $167.99 1080P 144HZ Flat Panel
Coupon by BmW745On19's
19 Nov, 8:06 pmSamsung Odyssey G7 28" 4k monitor $649.99
Coupon by DBR509
17 Nov, 4:34 amSamsung 27 LED Monitor FreeSync - $139.99
Coupon by SplendidPlant6332
25 Nov, 1:45 pmsamsung 27" curved Monitor @ Costco $159.99
Coupon by DealsFreak007
22 Nov, 8:50 pmSamsung Neo G9 49in Ultrawide Gaming Monitor $1599.99
Coupon by morestealspls
Coupon by rahilpathan
Yesterday, 8:45 pm28" Odyssey G70A 4K 144Hz Gaming Monitor $545.99 @ Samsung.com
Coupon by GibletsANX 221 LHD/RHD
This Franke sink will add contemporary flair to your kitchen space. Boasting a double bowl configuration, you can wash in one bowl and rinse in the other. Available in left hand and right hand drainer configuration.View In Our Interactive Catalogue
Accessory Included
Accessory Available
NOTE: Bare sink option and some sink & tap packages do not include accessories.
Maris
MRX 210-34View Product
Mythos
MYX110-34FPCView Product
Genesis
GSX621View ProductMagna-Tiles® Clear Colors 100 Piece Set
AED 535.00
In stock
- Description
- Additional information
- Reviews (0)
Description
What They Say: tiles made with food-grade ABS (BPA FREE) plastic free of phthalates and latex.
- Age: 3+
Includes:
- 50 Small Squares
- 4 Large Squares
- 20 Equilateral Triangles
- 11 Right Triangles
- 15 Isosceles Triangles
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Every actor wants a due credit for his or her performance by the audiences as well as the critics. Well, the audiences can just shower the praises and go see the movie. Critics are the ones who play an important role in identifying their talent and efforts.
Actors, actresses, producers, directors among others get awarded every year for their outstanding contribution to the world of films. However, every celeb wishes to bag a national award as it is considered the most prestigious one among all of the awards. It is like a feather on the cap with all the accolades and credit which every actor receives.
Winning a National Award, is not an easy task, as it is not limited to Bollywood. Since the first award ceremony, we have seen that the performance and content of the regional cinema gives a tough time to Bollywood, taking away maximum accolades.
So here is the list of popular stars from Bollywood as well as the regional cinema who got not just one but more than that National Awards in their kitty.
1. Amitabh Bachchan
The megastar of Bollywood is ruling the Hindi film industry since decades and his acting skills have always left us stunned. Amitabh Bachchan bagged not just one or two but four national awards for films like Paa, Black, Piku and Agneepath. Interestingly, he has also bagged the Best Debut National Award for Saat Hindustani.
2. Kangana Ranaut
She came to Bollywood without any Godfather and conquered the world of films with her impeccable acting. The actress recevied three national awards for her films like Queen, Fashion and Tanu Weds Manu Returns.
3. Kamal Haasan
The South sensation is still on the roll even at the age of 60. Kamal has a huge fan following and is a three-time national award winner for films like Moondram Pirai, Nayakan, and Indian.
4. Mamoothy
He is a Malayalam superstar and enjoys a huge fan following in the South all because of his superb acting skills. Mamoothy is a three-time national award winner for his films like Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar, Vidheyan, and Mathilukal.
5. Naseeruddin Shah
He is a king of versatility and there's no doubt in that. Naseer Sahab is a two-time national award winner for his films like Paar and Sparsh.
6. Ajay Devgn
He is one of the talented actors of Bollywood and has won several accolades for his performances in many of his movies. The handsome hunk won the National award twice for his performance in films like Zakhm, The Legend of BhagDJVCardMaster Posted December 20, 2018 (edited) I know how to fix this may have been asked many times since it seems like a recurring problem in Vanilla Doom Building, but I keep having these texture bugs on the step plates (Like seen in the images) and I have no clues on how to fix it. This issue seems to be fixed on Source Ports, but not in vanilla. Edited December 20, 2018 by DJVCardMaster 0 Share this post Link to postDennis Franks, 68, beloved family man and American success story, passed away unexpectedly in Cornelius, North Carolina on October 16th, 2021. He is predeceased by his parents, Donald and Inge Franks. He is survived by his wife, Nancy; daughters,... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send flowers to the Franks family.Send FlowersSource: Getty / Getty
Steve Harvey recalled having his first encounter with daughter Lori Harvey’s boyfriend, Michael B Jordan, and explained to Entertainment Tonight why he was taken aback by his behavior.
Harvey said he wasn’t sure how Michael B. Jordan was going to act when they first met but it didn’t take long for him to assess that the young actor was just as genuine and kind in private as he presents himself to be in the public eye.
“He is genuinely who he looks like he is,” the Family Feud host said. “I mean, like, it threw me off at first, because he was so kind.”
Steve, who has had his qualms with some of Lori’s past boyfriends continued and revealed that he’s rooting for MBJ and Lori as a couple.
“You know, I figure, ‘OK, this is the game right?’ But it wasn’t, man, this dude was sincere and he’s proven to be a really, really good, good guy. I’m pulling for him, you know, for them.”
Steve has had his share of ups and downs when it comes to relationships in Hollyweird, so we see why he was so observant of Michael –thankfully MBJ passed the test!
Even though Steve sees Michael B Jordan as a good guy, he clarified that doesn’t mean he won’t go to bat for Lori and the rest of his daughters, if he has to.
“I just think he’s a good guy,” Harvey gushed. “I’m in love with Lori to death, to the moon and back. I will hurt you about her, I really will, you can ask, I will hurt you about, I will threaten you about her, you know I’ll do whatever.”
It seems like Lori has found herself a winner. Do you see wedding bells in their future?
Bossip Comment Policy
Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.
Address
Social Media
Website and email
Sponsors
Board of Directors
NWLA Bylaws
Refund Policy.
Canvas Church
Canvas Church exists to create opportunities for people to experience God in a life-changing way. We want to be a home for anyone. People with questions, people with doubts, people with an established faith, and people with no faith at all. We want everyone to know the truth: life is found in and through Jesus alone.ll remember, over and over.
Craggy Range Bar & Grill
Your Sports Bar Headquarters, Located in the heart of downtown Whitefish, Montana
Culligan Waterâ areas.
Homewood Suites by Hilton
Nestled in a wilderness area and just 15 minutes from Glacier Park International Airport, youâ€™ll find a spacious suite with full kitchen. Restaurants and shops are steps away and downtown Kalispell is just two miles. Fill up on free breakfast before heading out on a day trip to Glacier National Park or Flathead National Forest. WiFi is free with your stay.
J2 Business Products
J2 Business Products is a local company with deep roots in western Montana. The Flink family and a group of dedicated, service-oriented people have been serving western Montana since 1962. We hope to earn your business by providing excellent service, extraordinary solutions, and exceptional value.
Mackenzie River Pizza.
Montana Children
."
Old Goats Hard Goods
At. As one of the most trusted names for bathroom and kitchen design in Whitefish our team has focused on pushing the boundaries in terms of creative designs, practicality and maximizing the use of space.!.
Springhill Suites by Marriott!
Sysco
Sysco is the global leader in selling, marketing and distributing food and non-food products to restaurants, healthcare and educational facilities, lodging establishments and other customers around the world.
Tamarack Brewing Company
For as long as any of us could remember, we have always wanted to start a Ã¢â‚¬Å“family business.Ã¢â‚¬Â We would have long discussions (enter the beers) about what kind of adventure we could carve out for ourselves and those we loved. We knew where we wanted to be (Lakeside), what we wanted to do (have fun bringing people together) and how we could do it (great food and awesome beer).
The Montana Center for Laser Dentistry
The Montana Center for Laser DentistryÃ objective to keep pace with technology while maintaining the personalized service that has been the foundation upon which the Bank was built.
Walmart our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
Whitefish Credit Union
Chartered in 1934, Whitefish Credit Union is the largest credit union in Montana with over .
© 2021
SportsEngine, Inc.
The Home of Youth Sports and
NorthWest Lacrosse Association (21739)
Visitor #
746,808
Server
3 : 1-87
in
0.52
s
. //
//
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
//
CA Notice
//
Terms
//
User Guide
//
Legal
//
//
Get the Mobile App
x
New Privacy Policy
We have made changes to our
. By using this site you agree to the
and
.Renata Rogozińska
University of Arts in Poznań
Abstract:
The subject of the article are Grzegorz Bednarski’s illustrations for the Book of the Revelation of Saint John the Divine, published in a new translation from Greek in 2008 by a publishig house Wydawnictwo św. Wojciecha in Poznań. The pictures deftly connect tradition with modernity, both when it comes to their style and their theological message. Contemporary theological criticism usually tries to free the interpretation of The Book of Revelation from the analyses which see it as a literal, frightening description of the end of the world, choosing to emphasize instead its supernatural and religious aspects. Nevertheless, thanks to the iconographic invention and the expressiveness of painting, as well as the inspiration from the works of old masters, including German ones, the discussed illustrations have not become a narrative of God “softened” and “smoothened” by the “new religiosity” which tones down the difficult message of the Bible in order to assuage the believers’ fear of punishment and give them hope for eternal life. Through decreasing the dramatic features of some illustrations and most importantly, through being ordered by the translator and the church publishing house to spare his readers the particular cruelty for which the chapters eight, nine, sixteen and eighteen are notorious, the Kraków painter makes his viewers face the angry God who declares a war against his enemies and subjugates them by fire and sword. The work of Grzegorz Bednarski, deeply rooted in the Judaeo-Christian tradition, seems to grow out of the belief that fear of the Lord, which is incidentally one of the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit, is both a permanent element of man’s attitude toward his Maker, and a positive and indispensable part of our spirituality.
keywords: modern art, The Book of Revelation, Grzegorz Bednarski
——————
I will start with a personal recollection. When in the spring of 2006 Wydawnictwo św. Wojciecha [St Adalbert Publishing House] asked me for advice whom of our artists they could entrust with making illustrations for The Apocalypse of St John, I replied without hesitation: Grzegorz Bednarski, of course. His candidacy seemed just perfect. What spoke for it was the character of all of his previous work, which had already been inspired by this esoteric book. There was, still fresh in my memory, the painting that was visionary and great not only by virtue of its size: Święty Jan na wyspie Patmos zjada książeczkę Wszechrzeczy podaną przez Anioła [St John eating the book of all things given him by an angel on Patmos island] (2000–2003) from the series Personifikacje [Personifications], exhibited in “Galeria U Jezuitów” in Poznań in 2004.
In common understanding of the word “apocalypse”, it has strongly negative connotations. Synonyms of the adjective “apocalyptic”, found on the Internet, are: frightening, horrifying, terrible, horrible, monstrous, ghastly, horrid, macabre. They can be successfully applied to describe the works of this artist from Krakow, their catastrophic-surrealist aura, as indeed has been done repeatedly. His art has from the beginning been a vanitative-apocalyptic in its character, full of disclosed emotions, convulsion-torn bodies, tools of torture. Both in the debut series of paintings created in the turbulent years of the martial law in Poland (Wielkie metafizyki [Great metaphysics], Ni mas ni menos), and in the cycles initiated at the very end of the 1990s (Popielec [Ash Wednesday], Hedonista maluje Ukrzyżowanie [A Hedonist paints the Crucifixion], Personifikacje [Personifications]), the reality presented is undergoing far-reaching degradation, showing the most cruel, desperate dimensions of human destiny. This is the painting of the human condition, given that the term conditio suggests “a state of chronic suffering, which one must learn to endure”[1]. While demonstrating sensitivity to the beauty of the world in its phenomenal form, the still lives painted by Bednarski are imbued with an atmosphere of transience and quiet despair, too. “The entire human life is one big martyrdom”, said Jerzy Nowosielski in 1995. “This is the exercise of the death sentence in installments. […] Because what is life. Life means waiting in the torture cell. These tortures are deferred, graduated, then there are more and more until there comes a moment of execution”[2]. But while Nowosielski – through specific measures inspired by the Orthodox icon painting – “transforms evil into good”, elevating it to a higher level of the so-called “metahistory”[3], Bednarski, who has similar sensitivity, shows it without any embellishments. He reaches both for the iconographic tradition of the Baroque, which had a predilection for images of martyrdom, and for the language of contemporary painting, which does not refrain from the most brutal and surreal decomposition of reality.
Yet The Book of the Apocalypse is not only a unique metaphysical thriller, full of images of extraordinary, inconceivable cruelty. It is also, and above all, a book of hope for an unusual, bright future, the new Jerusalem, eternal happiness in God’s kingdom. As a testimony to the special mystical religious experience, ecstasy and vision, it is of both epistolary and pastoral nature, as it was addressed to particular Christian communities subjected to persecution. St John wrote to them to show them the threat and the terrifying dimensions of the ongoing fight against the followers of Christ, but also to infuse them with courage and optimism by revealing the final victory of the Lamb.[4] Similarly, the painting cycles of the author of Personifikacje, focusing on the scandal of existence, lived and depicted (as befits an expressionist) in a way that is exaggerated, not free from pathos and exaltation, are not entirely embedded in the ghetto of the mundane reality, understood as trivial, materialistic. On the contrary, they remain in their own way open to the eschatological perspective, revealing the supernatural status of the human existence, understood in the spirit of Christianity, in accordance with the author’s outlook. They are an expression of rebellion of the artist’s manifesting his protest both against stripping the world of its higher, sacred sense, and against its nostalgic idealization, hiding the sense of fear, helplessness and the absurd. Thus, religious literature has always been an extremely important source of inspiration for him: The Bible, apocrypha and hagiography, in which there is room not only for hope, love, beauty, but also for the world full of blood and wounds. These literary influences are often treated with by Bednarski with much liberty, in a way that is extremely personal and full of fantasy, but also with deep reflection and respect for their enduring value.
[member]
It is the artist’s devotion to the ordering categories of the Judeo-Christian tradition concentrated, as if in a lens, in the inspired visions of a the prisoner of Patmos, that made him respond enthusiastically to the proposal of the publishing house. Two years later, a beautiful edition of The Apocalypse of St John, newly translated from Greek by Fr. Prof. Kanty Pytel, a biblical scholar from Poznań, and illustrated by Grzegorz Bednarski, appeared in bookstores.[5] Finis coronat opus – one might add, in conclusion, if not for the acute want accompanying this valuable editorial initiative. Due to a lack of adequate promotion, both of the book itself and of the paintings made for it, they have remained a little-known work. The original watercolours, purchased by the publishing house together with the copyright, were given the Archdiocesal Museum in Poznań but in fact they have been put away ad acta, that is: buried somewhere in the storage room. Two modest exhibitions in art galleries in Lublin and Bielsko-Biała were able to serve their popularization only in a limited way.[6] I am therefore using the opportunity to present this unprecedented work of sacred art, which revives the language of religious symbols and their fading meanings.
Transhistorical faithfulness to The Lamb’s Book of Life
Naturally, contemporary illustrators of The Bible largely differ from their venerable predecessors. Its visual setting is usually modest, sometimes even ascetic, which is consistent with the purist tendencies of the twentieth-century art. On the other hand, it can have an experimental and individualistic character. It does not want to be treated solely in terms of the Biblia Pauperum, teach the truths of faith as objectified and approachable. Released from didacticism and literalness, it is more of a creative commentary, interpretation, travesty, rather than artistic “carbon copy” of the biblical text. It says more about the artist and his or her times than about the subject of artistic reflection itself. The observed tendency towards artistic subjectivism, containment, autotelicity, is difficult to reconcile with the requirements of the art of illustration. After all, not only does “illustrate” [Latin: illustro] mean “honor” and even “become famous”, but above all “make clear”, “explain”.
Bednarski’s illustrations, complying with the style which he has followed for many years in his paintings, do not fit – of course – in the circle of the purist tendency. They are characterized by features well-known from his earlier paintings: deformation and fragmentation of human figures, poses and gestures full of emotion, a wealth of motifs seemingly randomly scattered on the surface, and in fact subject to the rigors of the structure and composition, disturbed proportions, overlapping multiple angles of perspective, contrasts of vast coloured fields with a strong chromatic saturation, here taking on symbolic meanings, sharp lines. All these characteristics reveal the artist’s exuberant temperament: “[…] I cannot stop my soul from a rush of emotions” – the painter wrote twenty years ago and that statement has not ceased to be valid.[7] On the other hand, these expressive images, entangled in a personal perception of the dilemmas of existence and an individual way of graphic articulation, and thus revealing empathy and a deep understanding of the content illustrated, are free from the wiles of exuberant graphic extravagance and excessive freedom of interpretation, characteristic of many of the existing works by this artiSt As is commonly known, many adaptations of the classics, especially in illustrative art, film and theater, consist nowadays in its “modernization” – which usually means cramming historical works in contemporary realities. The fashionable rush towards modernization has not spared The Apocalypse, omnipresent in the culture of the West, seen today mostly through the prism of twentieth-century disasters. This usually entails its desacralization, strips it of its message of love and hope for eternal life. In numerous works of the last two centuries the Inferno on earth was read without the prospect of Paradiso. “Cancel my subscription to the resurrection”, the legendary singer Jim Morrison sang in the song The End, resounding in Coppola’s film Apocalypse Now. Natural science, technology, politics or the arts are regarded as those which provide alternative forms of eschatological destiny, promising both disaster and rebirth.[8]
I do not suggest thus that the historicizing interpretations of The Apocalypse inevitably lead one astray, serve the messianization or – conversely – bestialization of our times. While maintaining an appropriate balance, they can point to its timeless and universal character. After all, all commentators of The Apocalypse agree that this is a prophetic book, containing the “everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people” (Apoc. 14:6).
It seems that it was its transhistorical and extrahistorical character that Grzegorz Bednarski had in mind when making allusions to the modern times, sometimes even to his own biography, especially in scenes that are more than others symbolically open to the future. The people depicted in them are always dressed in contemporary clothes. In the illustration Aniołowie powściągają huragany, umożliwiając naznaczenie sług Bożych pieczęcią [Angels hold the winds, allowing the sealing of the servants of God] (Apoc. 7:1–4) the chosen ones are marked with Sigillum, which protects them by God’s power [Fig. 1]. The entire chapter is about the future victory of the Church, gathering people of “every nation, and kindred, and tongue”. In turn, in the picture Bestia z morza – symbol przemocy [The beast out of the sea – a symbol of violence] (Apoc. 13:1–18) they find themselves between the beast out of the sea and the beast out of the earth [Fig. 2]. The former one, in accordance with the accepted interpretation, is the symbol of political power, the latter one – of spiritual power. They will find their embodiment “in various regimes and totalitarianisms with a pagan political structure, and in lust for power and honor reaching the point of absurdity”.[9] It is no wonder that the above-mentioned chapter has always created a strong temptation of modernization, to which fortunately Bednarski has turned out to be immune. The facial features of the beast have been given to Napoleon, Hitler, Stalin, while the Soviet Union has been associated with the Grand Babylon, and our times have been called the epoch of the AntichriSt And another example: the illustration Wielka Nierządnica z pucharem obrzydliwości [The Great Harlot with the cup of abominations] (Apoc. 17:1–18) shows a dismal housing estate in the same colour as the content of the cup held by the wanton woman [Fig. 3], drunk “with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus” (Apoc. 17:6). In a special way this is related to verse eighteen, pointing to ancient Rome: “And the woman which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth”. However, as in the prophetic and eschatic perspective Rome is the portent of the countries that will destroy the Church under the influence of Satan-Dragon, this desert landscape of a modern city (the desert in The Bible symbolizes, among other things, the reality devoid of a relationship to God) can be read as an allusion to the reality of Poland in the communist era, or, more broadly, to today’s world, mired in a “spiritual catastrophe”. The term “fornication” does not, in fact, have only the literal meaning. In The Old Testament the metaphor of prostitution referred to the pagan worship.[10]
Three illustrations are “signed with” Bednarski’s self-portrait. The most puzzling scene is Przemija świat zła – nadchodzi Nowe Jeruzalem [The world of evil is passing – New Jerusalem is coming] [Fig. 4], in which the face of the artist, significantly multiplied, fills almost the entire space of the damned (Apoc. 21:1–8). It has the green color, which in The Apocalypse symbolizes death.[11] In the eighth verse we read that there belong “the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars […]. which is the second death” (Apoc. 21:8). A truly „sense-creating” nature of Bednarski’s painting, marked with earnestness, seriousness and profound deliberation, precludes the role of chance and does not allow treatment of the scene, and in particular of its lower, very personal fragment, in terms of a joke (an unrefined joke, we might add)[12]. However, foregoing investigation of specific meanings rooted, perhaps, in the artist’s biography, let us treat it as a sign, not the first and probably not the last one, of existential pessimism, that makes him look at the human drama as gloomily as on his own.
The fear of fear
Writing about the faithfulness of Grzegorz Bednarski’s illustration to the underlying passages of The Bible (which is not undermined by the subtle undercurrents remaining, after all, in line with the prophetic nature of St John’s book), one should ask, however, if it is only the faithfulness „to the letter,” or also an interpretation. The Apocalypse was written in a symbolic, and therefore ambiguous, language, giving free rein to one’s imagination, but also exposing one to manipulation. It is one of those books of The Bible to which the largest number of commentaries, including the artistic ones, have been devoted. For obvious reasons, they cannot be discussed here even briefly. Let us only mention that today’s Church sees in The Apocalypse primarily a theological vision of the panorama of world history, emphasizing its supernatural and religious aspect[13]. The Apocalypse particularly concerns the history of the Church in its prophetic and eschatic dimension[14]. Hence the theological criticism releases the interpretation of The Apocalypse from the analyses aimed to recognize in it a literal, horrifying description of the end of the world, and treats the cataclysms depicted there (following the opening of the seven seals, then the voice of the seven trumpets, and finally pouring the contents of the seven cups onto the earth) in symbolic terms. Apparently, they relate only to the spiritual reality, to the horror of sin, and symbolize the threat posed by man-made evil.[15] Its lesson is to be an incentive “to trust in the goodness and justice of God”, “to believe that God really loves us” and leads to his kingdom.[16] Cited in a nutshell, the position of the theologians, making The Apocalypse of St John a sort of a new Book of Exodus, carrying hope and comfort to Christians of all ages, may be treated as an antidote to the one-sided, catastrophic interpretation of The Apocalypse, common today, especially in popular culture, and to the pedagogy of terror applied by the Church in the past and recognized today as a sign of weakness and helplessness. It comes to the aid of expectations of a substantial number of believers, too. Many of them are departing from “God with bloodied hands”[17], who not only demanded the sacrifice of Isaac, and mercilessly punished the infidels (which is difficult to reconcile with the modern respect for the various, even religious differences), and who even “spared not his own Son, but delivered him for us all” (Rom. 8:32). Mention in this place may be made of the works by Gustaw Herling Grudziński, and especially his later stories: Ofiarowanie [Sacrifice], Opowieść biblijna [The biblical story] (1997), Podzwonne dla dzwonnika [The knell for the bell ringer] (2000), as an expression of dissent from the Just God, who appears to the author to be an Absurd God, strange to man and to human suffering. Similarly, some theologians, especially the Orthodox ones, believe that our thinking about God must be liberated from the vicious circle of revenge, retribution and hatred,[18] that the theology of sacrifice must be replaced with the theology of gift and that hope for universal salvation (Apocastasis) must be preached.[19] “The contemporary imagination, under the influence of traumatic experiences of the Holocaust, rejects the image of hell as a giant concentration camp that no one will ever leave”, argues Stefan Chwin[20].
Let us therefore ask the question about the resonance of these dilemmas in the series of paintings described here. Are they dominated by the message of eschatological optimism, based on the idea of consistency of the content of The Apocalypse with the teaching of Jesus, a tireless preacher of love, or just the opposite: by the bitterness derived from the terrible, cruel images?
The answer is not simple. Looking for it in the very style of the pictures, it must be remembered that, in accordance with the nature of Bednarski’s art and of The Apocalypse itself, they contain a substantial load of dramatic emotions. The participants of the press conference promoting the book found them “shocking and appalling”.[21] Nevertheless, I will venture to say that in comparison with many other depictions by this painter (even with the above-mentioned series Personifikacje), full of torture, pain, crying, these ones are distinguished by generally much greater restraint in applying the so-called “sharp” aesthetic values.[22] Thus, their dramatic expression is slightly more gentle. Even more important for the ideological expression of the work is the very choice of passages from The Apocalypse that are illustrated by Bednarski. The choice was made by a well-known theologian Fr. Prof. Jan Kanty Pytel, the translator and commentator of The Apocalypse, as mentioned above, who indicated to the artist not only specific chapters, but also individual verses. We cannot therefore regard as a coincidence the exclusion of the most controversial passages, describing the blood-curdling punishments which God exerts on the unfaithful, above all from the following chapters: eight, nine, sixteen and eighteen. The cataclysms described in them cause the destruction of humanity and the paralysis of the whole universe. It is hard not to hear in them echoes of the terrible verses of The Book of Ezekiel describing six men who descend to the city with devastating weapons in their hands and a command from God: “[…] smite: let not your eye spare, neither have ye pity: Slay utterly old and young, both maids, little children, and women” (Ezekiel 9:5–6).
In some cases the artist seems to follow the path corresponding to the intentions of the commissioners, meeting their demands also in terms of iconography. He deliberately chooses particular content and symbolic themes, emphasizing some and ignoring others, especially the ones that are problematic today. And it may not be a matter of chance that in the scene of the martyrs killed “for the word of God, and for the testimony which they held” (Apoc. 6:9–11) Bednarski omits the motif of the symbolic altar, impotrant in its symbolic aspect, and referred to in verse nine: “And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the Word of God” [Fig. 5]. This altar is considered by exegetes a testimony that martyrdom is a sacrifice to honor God, or even, according to Ignatius of Antioch, a “sacrifice pleasing to God” (Ad Romanos: 2:2, 4:2). The painter spares us drastic images in the illustration Dzień gniewu Bożego [The day of Wrath of God] (Apoc. 14:14–19), described by St John in the symbolic images of harvest and vintage, and inspired, as indeed many others, by The Old Testament [Fig. 6]. As can be read in one of the comments, the number of those sentenced to eternal torment is truly terrifying: because their blood burst out „even unto the horse-bridles, by the space of a thousand and six hundred furlongs” (Apoc. 14:20). A thousand and six hundred furlongs is just as much as the length of Palestine from north to south, which means that the blood will flood the whole country.[23] This distance (4 x 4 x 1000 – the number of corners of the world, squared and multiplied by the symbol of the great multitude) would point to the global scale disaster. However, the bloody harvest is shown by the painter in a way that is almost generic. The motif neutralizing the atmosphere of terror is particularly the truck which is to transport the grapes to the “huge winepress of God’s wrath” outside the city (the punishment of God’s enemies was to take place outside the walls of Jerusalem, and therefore far from His holy presence). Its capacity is limited by the painter to 40 tons, as if in the intention of restraining the wrath of the Son of Man and reducing the number of people who are to be tortured.
The Church on the way to heaven
The Apocalypse is a prophetic book for a time of crisis, a time of a breakthrough. Hence, in our age, assessed as being particularly dangerous for the faith and the Church, its reading is considered highly desirable. Since the liturgical reform of the Second Vatical Council, the Church has cited many more passages of The Apocalypse than ever before, both in the Mass readings and in the liturgy of hours. Omitting the most dramatic parts, the Church distinguishes those which contain predictions concerning the fate of the Church, speak of its particular mission and ultimate triumph. It is significant that the translator chose exactly those passages. An example would be the scene featuring Nadprzyrodzona moc dwóch Świadków [The supernatural power of two witnesses] (Apoc. 11:3–5), containing an exceptionally strong dose of visionary expression and pathos [Fig. 7]. While commentators interpret the figures of the witnesses in different ways, they generally see in them a personification of the Church, which has been given great power from God: “And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed” (Apoc. 11:5). The Church – indeed persecuted and tortured – is essentially indestructible and victorious. In the following verses of chapter eleven, we read: „And after three days and a half the Spirit of life from God entered into them; and they stood upon their feet […]. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them” (Apoc. 11:11–12).
Persecution of the Church is also the subject of the multi-threaded chapter twelve, which describes the struggle of Satan with the woman [Fig. 8]. Jan Kanty Pytel chose for illustration the verses describing the following moment: […].
(Apoc. 12:14–16)
The figure of the woman is regarded in the exegesis as a symbol of the Church (and also of Mary, the People of God, Israel), the eagle’s wings symbolize in The Bible the supporting arms of God, God’s providence, and the interior of the earth opening up is the image of God’s grace. „The Church as the whole People of God is untouchable, and Satan cannot destroy it. […] The destruction of the Church is for Satan an impossible task”, as one of the commentaries states.[24] Similarly, the vision of the Lamb on Mount Zion (Apoc. 14:1–5) is explained as a vision of the Church “which among temporal plagues and storms remains immaculate, looking to Christ, faithful to him until the end”[25] [Fig. 9].
The gift of fear of the Lord
The choice of certain passages, made by a theologian and priest in one person, is difficult to be treated otherwise than as an expression of ecclesial correctness or even ecclesial flawlessness, aimed at promoting the optimistic and tryumphalist interpretations of The Apocalypse, which make it a balm to soothe the suffering of humanity and enhance the well-being of the Church. Fortunately, thanks to the artist’s creativity, and mainly thanks to the expressive nature of his painting, Bednarski’s work does not become a story about God, excessively “softened” and “smoothed” by the concepts of “new religiosity” (mitigating the expression of the difficult message of The Bible in order to make the faithful overcome the fear of punishment and give them psychological comfort derived from the hope that after death they can count on the unlimited mercy of God). What is the main vehicle of the frightening content is the image of the Creator himself that appears three times as the dignified ruler of the universe, having the characteristics of a king, an archpriest and a judge. “It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God”, wrote St Paul in his Epistle to the Hebrews (10:30–31). A similar intuition can be found in Bednarski’s other visions, evoking “a terror fraught with an inward shuddering”[26] (misterium tremendum) rather than admiration and wonder (misterium fascinans). In the scene Pan świeczników i gwiazd [The Lord of candlesticks and stars] (Apoc. 1:12–20), “the first and the last”, with eyes “as a flame of fire” (Andrew of Caesarea wrote about them that they “enlighten the eyes of saints and burn sinners”)[27] and with feet “like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace”, he resembles the Eternal God as depicted in Romanesque portals, with paralysing majesty and supernatural power [Fig. 10]. Another illustration, inspiring not so much respect as horror, because saturated with a particularly high degree of cruelty, is Zwycięski Jeździec, Król królów i Pan panów [The victorious rider, King of kings and Lord of lords] (Apoc. 19:11–18). Christ whom we encounter here is not killed but killing, dressed in “a vesture dipped in blood” (Apoc. 19:13). Although Fr. Prof. Pytel is inclined to interpret this bloodstained figure only in relation to the mystery of redemption, seeing in St John’s description of “a reference to the redemptive passion” and to “the anguish and martyrdom of the Mystical Body”,[28] Bednarski does not refrain from showing Christ the Avenger [Fig. 11], who annihilates, as we read in verse eighteen, the free and slaves, the small and the great, and who gives their bodies to be devoured by birds. Contemplating the full horror of this scene, it is hard not to mention the apocalyptic poem about vengeance of God from the Book of Isaiah, who was St John’s major source of inspiration::2–4)
Cruel and ruthless God of vengeance, wielding a sharp sickle in his hand [Fig. 6], also appears in the scene Dzień gniewu Bożego [The day of God’s wrath] (Apoc. 14:14–19).
Saving the receivers – at the request of the translator and Church publisher – images of particular cruelty that chapters: eight, nine, sixteen, eighteen, are famous for, Bednarski, however, puts us in the sight of “a jealous God, who led the war into the enemy’s camp and used sword and fire to bend them to his will”[29].
***
“[T]he less spirit, the less dread. […] but the deeper it is, the the more profound is the nation. It is only a prosaic stupidity which thinks that this is a disorganization”[30]. These words of Søren Kierkegaard are both worth mentioning in the context of these illustrations and significant for the present times of “the fear of fear”, which constitutes a taboo and the most profound complex of modernity. Fear is now commonly treated as a form of repression of an individual, a sterile restriction which one must throw off like a restraining ballast in the name of unrestricted expression, joyful self-creation, apology of contingency and an attempt at emancipation from its shortcomings. In its desire that The Apocalypse should not be associated with nothing but horror and fear, the Church today – consciously or not – becomes part of this trend. Meanwhile, Grzegorz Bednarski’s work, including some of the illustrations analysed here, seems to stem from the belief that the fear of God, nota bene one of the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit, is a permanent part of man’s attitude towards the Creator, and both a positive and an essential component of our spirituality. “A lack of dread”, let us repeat once again after the Danish philosopher, “results from extraordinary callousness”[31].
He that hath ears to hear, let him hear
Reading the Apocalypse is a truly risky adventure. Herder even allowed himself to say: „The fact that someone has never dealt with The Apocalypse is a sign of his mental balance”.[32] The risk undertaken by Grzegorz Bednarski has paid off at least doubly. The result has brought us not only a bibliophile book in which words and images enrich and complement each other, combining tradition with modernity, hope and love with a fear of the wrath of the Creator and his inexorable justice. Subsequently, this time at the initiative of the artist himself, other paintings relating to all twenty-two chapters were created. “Commissioned by himself” and therefore free from any suggestion from the outside, they form a homogeneous stylistic whole with the earlier pictures, and would certainly be worth a separate discussion.
A considerable number of illustrations for The Apocalypse created by Grzegorz Bednarski to date, a variety of formal solutions used in them, a wealth of iconographic motifs, invite many possible analyses and interpretations, which, I hope, other researchers of his work will attempt in future. Depending on the individual preferences of their viewers, some images will inspire their admiration, others will be, perhaps, the object of criticism. Fr. Jan Kanty Pytel found “the most moving the illustration of the woman receiving the eagle’s wings to fly away from the dragon into the wilderness, and the two beasts, which together with the dragon form the diabolical triad”.[33] The author of the present paper particularly liked the last picture in the series: Wołanie o powtórne przyjście Jezusa [A cry for the second coming of Jesus] (Apoc. 22:6–21), referring to the mystery of the dialogue between God and man [Fig. 13]. The symbols of the eye and the ear, ambiguous, also in the context discussed, express the conviction that the content of revelation is absolutely certain, since it was passed to people by the Creator himself. “These sayings are faithful and true”, the angel tells the prophet in verse six, confirming the authenticity of everything that God revealed St John through his messenger. “And I John saw these things, and heard them”, the Apostle puts his authority at stake (Apoc. 22:8). “I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last”, states Christ in verse thirteen, emphasizing his divine nature. It is therefore imperative to listen to the Revelation and, more importantly, make its lesson the content of one’s life. “He that hath ears to hear, let him hear”: these words were repeated like a refrain already in Letters to the seven churches, representing the first part of The Apocalypse (1:4–3:22). God speaks to man and demands to be heard, wants the absolute obedience. “And let him that heareth say, Come answer”, order the Spirit and the Bride (Apoc. 22:17). “Amen. […] come Lord Jesus” (Apoc. 22:20) – St John answers Christ, and the Church repeats these words to this day at every Mass, changing only the formula of the invocation: „Lord Jesus, come in glory.”
An image-code, including a particularly great deal of abstract thinking, is complemented in the moving image of the inspired prophet, in which – analogously to the painting Pan świeczników i gwiazd (Apoc.1: 12–20) [Fig. 10] – it is easy to recognize Wojciech Kilar. This depiction may be seen as an expression of admiration for the musical achievements of the famous composer, in which a great role has always been played by religious inspirations and deep personal faith. “There really exists only a metaphysical reality. Only the mystery is certain… This paradox provides the basis for art, which cannot exist without the metaphysical and religious attitudes”,[34] said the author of the Missa pro Pace in response to the Letter of His Holiness Pope John Paul II to Artists, declaring his resistance to the painfully felt descaralization of the world and art. Let the words quoted above become the punch-line of this text.
[/member]
Translated by Agnieszka Gicala
[1] A. Bielik-Robson, Inna nowoczesność. Pytania o współczesną formułę duchowości, Kraków 2000, p. 8.
[2] K. Czerni, Rozmowa z Jerzym Nowosielskim, in: Album Krakowskiej Sztuki, a programme on TVP Kraków broadcast in 1995 (production A. Kornecki).
[3] Cf.: R. Rogozińska, Ikona w sztuce XX wieku, Kraków 2009, pp. 288 ff.
[4] D. Mollat SJ, Apokalipsa dzisiaj, transl. into Polish by J. Zychowicz, Kraków 1992, p. 22.
[5] Apokalipsa świętego Jana Apostoła, Poznań 2008.
[6] The exhibitions took place in the Galeria Środowisk Twórczych in Bielsko-Biała (April 2009) and in the “Lipowa 13” Gallery in Lublin (June 2010).
[7] In: M. Kitowska, Powolne czytanie malowideł, in: Grzegorz Bednarski, “Galeria U Jezuitów” [exhibition catalogue], Poznań 2004, no pagination.
[8] F. Carey, The Apocalypse and shape of things to come, British Museum [exhibition catalogue], London 1999, p. 270.
[9] P. Ostański, Objawienie Jezusa Chrystusa, Ząbki 2005, p. 246.
[10] Ibidem, p. 246.
[11] Ibidem, p. 279.
[12] “Grzegorz Bednarski is a bit of a maniac. A maniac, or maybe even a missionary, of meaningful painting – paintings made ‘for a reason’, for a significant reason and for a significant purpose, images that are from the non-autonomous on principle”, aptly concludes M. Kitowska in the catalogue of Bednarski’s exhibition, quoted above – Kitowska 2004 (ft. 8).
[13] Ostański 2005 (ft. 10), p. 33.
[14] J. K. Pytel, Zasady interpretacji Apokalipsy, in: Apokalipsa 2008 (ft. 6), p. 15.
[15] Let us note, for example, that the eminent Swiss theologian Hans Urs von Balthasar sees the devastating plagues sent to sinners as “the anguish of sin itself”,and says that the punishments that precede the Last Judgement “boil down largely to that which people exert on themselves by their betrayal of God, and even to the self-destruction of creatures”. As a result, “the evil imposes a punishment on itself (see numerous psalms), while any punishment coming from God is meted out with love and seeks to improve” – H. U. von Balthasar, in: Księga Baranka. Medytacje nad Apokalipsą św. Jana, transl. into Polish by W. Szymona OP, Kraków 2005, pp. 71, 12, 72 [translation of the above passages into English – A. Gicala].
[16] E. Ehrlich, Apokalipsa. Księga pocieszenia, Poznań 1996, pp. 7–8.
[17] Cf. W. Hryniewicz OMI, “Miłosierdzia chcę, a nie ofiary”, in: “Tygodnik Powszechny”, 2001, no. 12, p. 17.
[18] Cf. W. Hryniewicz OMI, Piękno i siła nadziei, in: “Znak”, 2002, no. 561, p. 13–34.
[19] Hope for the Apocastasis, strongly seeking to be heard in the Eastern Church, has not been reflected in the official theology of the Roman Catholic Church.Benedict XVI explicitly refers in his Encyclical Spe Salvi (Saved in Hope) to the existence of hell and its eternity. It is his authority made the Christian West remove the perspective of the universality of salvation from its search. Benedict XVI said: “Grace does not cancel justice. […] It is not a sponge which wipes everything away, so that eventually what you did on earth would as a result always have the same value”, Encyclical Spe Salvi, promulgated and published on 30 November 2007 (cited from ). The traditional doctrine of hell, which is part of the catechism of the Catholic Church, speaks about it in a similar way.
[20] Inna twarz Hioba. Ze Stefanem Chwinem rozmawiają Katarzyna Janowska i Piotr Mucharski, in: “Tygodnik Powszechny”, 1999, no. 47, p. 8.
[21] M. Gryczyński, Zrozumieć przesłanie Apokalipsy, in: “Przewodnik Katolicki”, 2008, no. 28 ().
[22] According to Wallis’ terminology, cf. M. Wallis, Przeżycie i wartość. Pisma z estetyki i nauki o sztuce 1931–1949, Kraków 1968, p. 188.
[23] Ostański 2005 (ft. 10), p. 262.
[24] Ibidem, p. 234.
[25] Ibidem, p. 250.
[26] R. Otto, Świętość, tłum. B. Kupis, Wrocław 1993, p. 42 [English version of the quotation after: R. Otto, The Idea of the Holy: an inquiry into the non-rational factor in the idea ofthe divine and its relation to the rational, transl. by J.W. Harvey, London 1931].
[27] Ostański 2005 (ft. 10), p. 81.
[28] J. K. Pytel, Zbawcze przesłanie Apokalipsy dla Kościoła, in: Apokalipsa 2008 (ft. 6), p. 138. A similar interpretation can be found in the thought of Hans Urs von Balthasar: “Wrath of the Lamb is as big as the anger of the Father; however, to reconcile the world with God, Jesus drinks the cup of the wrath of God down to the bottom, removes the agony and anguish of God abandoned by sinners, takes all the guilt of his brothers, people, and thus puts an end to the anger of God” – von Balthasar 2005 (ft. 16), p. 71.
[29] G. Duby, Czasy katedr, transl. into Polish by K. Dolatowska, Warszawa 1986, p. 67 [English version: G. Duby, The Age of the Cathedrals: Art and Society 980–1420, transl. by E. Levieux and B. Thompson, University of Chicago Press, 1983, p. 53].
[30] S. Kierkegaard, Pojęcie lęku, transl. into Polish by A. Djakowska, Warszawa, 1996, p. 50 [English version of the quotation after: S. Kierkegaard, The Concept of Dread, transl. by W. Lowrie, Princeton 1944].
[31] Ibidem, p. 188 [quotation not found in the English version – transl. into English by A. Gicala]
[32] Mollat 1992 (ft. 5), p. 5.
[33] Fr. Pytel’s words as quoted in: Gryczyński 2008 (ft. 22).
[34] W. Kilar, Święte słowa, in: “Tygodnik Powszechny”, 1999, no. 3–4 (supplement “Kontrapunkt”, p. II).I was just told of a "club" in Evansville Indiana that had approximately 6 pro-am diamonds and maybe 2 9ft diamonds. I guess membership is 30$ a month for a front door key.It's possibly located next to Obrien's sports bar. Any southern Indiana players out there who can varify this????? Sounds to good to be real! ThanksIf I am a company or represent a company, how do I host a #HashtagLunchbag event?
A:
Please head over to our Corporate Opportunity section and click on the 'Corporate Contact' button. This will take you to a form that we will ask you to fill out so one of our team members can be in touch. While you await contact from our team, feel free to read through our 'Corporate Event Guide' as well.
Was this helpful?ESMA LIBRARY
The ESMA Library contains all ESMA documents. Please use the search and filter options to find specific documents.
33953) Apply Guidelines and Technical standards filter
- Warnings and publications for investors (91) Apply Warnings and publications for investors filter
- Corporate Information (78) Apply Corporate Information filter
- Investor Warning filter Investor Warning
- (-) Remove Annual Report filter Annual Report
- Reference (334) Apply Reference filter
- Press Release (192) Apply Press Release filter
- Consultation Paper (120) Apply Consultation Paper filter
- Final Report (117) Apply Final Report filter
- Report (82) Apply Report filter
- Opinion (74) Apply Opinion filter
- CLOSED Procedure (66) Apply CLOSED Procedure filter
- Statement (61) Apply Statement filter
- Letter (52) Apply Letter filter
- Decision (45) Apply Decision filter
- Summary of Conclusions (45) Apply Summary of Conclusions filter
- Speech (41) Apply Speech filter
- Compliance table (24) Apply Compliance table filter
- Technical Advice (23) Apply Technical Advice filter
- Q&A (16) Apply Q&A filter
- Technical Standards (12) Investor Warning XReset all filtersJump Trading makes the jump to VAST Data for cutting-edge machine-learning models
Chicago-headquartered trading firm Jump Trading has always sought an edge. Jump is a research-based organization committed to using the latest technology to innovate and push through scientific boundaries — and it applies this to financial markets all over the globe. Jump has over 20 offices in the United States, Europe and Asia. "Our success is reliant upon our ability to make ever-growing amounts of data available, quickly, for cutting-edge research pipelines," explained Alex Davies, technology leader at Jump Trading responsible for both Jump's low latency and High Performance Computing infrastructure.
"Every day the global financial markets create incredible amounts of new data that we need to consume, and our success is reliant upon our ability to make this data available to researchers — and available quickly," Davies said. Davies knows better than most that in the competitive world of algorithmic trading, small increases in model accuracy can mean the difference between windfall profits and catastrophic losses. "The most productive quants have the competitive advantage, and a huge amount of that productivity relies on fast access to massive amounts of data," said Davies.
Everyone knows that to make money, you have to spend money. But justifying a significant outlay of the type needed to create a competitive advantage using traditional means can be difficult to do. Flash storage is expensive at scale, and even costlier at high performance levels. The most efficient flash storage of the type required by Jump is extremely expensive.
Or rather, it used to be. "We focus on customers that find themselves at the intersection of both performance and scalability," said Jeff Denworth, co-founder of VAST, which democratizes fast access to data by combining industry-leading techniques to simplify and speed up storage and access to data in real time, at lightning speed. VAST does this by consolidating multiple data storage tiers. The VAST Data Universal Storage makes it possible to store all data on a single tier of fast, scalable and affordable flash, so that customers don't have to deal with complex data movement workflows or high application wait times as data moves between the various tiers of storage.
VAST is growing fast and innovating, and it doesn't seem to be stopping"
"The mission of VAST is to be an extinction-level event for the hard drive," said Denworth. VAST recognized that solving the cost problem and adding elements of system scalability unlocked the market and offered enormous returns for clients. The company was founded in 2016 with that premise; by 2018, it sold its first product. Within three months, VAST was well on its way: It sold more than any storage company ever had in its first year of operation. "We've not only changed the paradigm in terms of how people think about managing their data, and how people get fast access to all of their data, but also by focusing on scalability," said Denworth.
It was a perfect fit for Jump. VAST recognized earlier than most that the dual rise of AI and machine learning would upend the data infrastructure market. Customers are realizing that they need fast access to the largest amounts of data in their data center in order to make their models more accurate and effective (by exposing them to the largest sample data sets). Jump selected VAST because it had cracked the code to obtain great capacity and performance.
VAST can crack that code in part because of the tech hardware it runs on: Its own Universal Storage architecture is powered by Intel Optane SSDs and Intel QLC 3D NAND Technology. Intel Optane SSDs provide endurance and high performance for writes, and Intel QLC 3D NAND SSDs are affordable, high-capacity NAND flash drives that deliver great read performance. VAST has also found a way to achieve 20 times the benchmarked longevity of Intel QLC 3D NAND SSDs, meaning customers can deploy super-fast, high-performance storage that lasts for a decade, compared to the industry standard of three to five years. "We use these technologies to overcome a number of shortcomings that you would traditionally find in storage systems," said Denworth — and VAST passes that on to its customers.
When Jump migrated the backbone of its trading archive infrastructure over to VAST, it quickly witnessed the positive impact. "VAST makes a difference on how quickly Jump can access what they need when they need it," said Davies. Denworth added: "We were factors less expensive than any other all-flash system they could otherwise purchase, which allows Jump to put more data on a platform than any other system for the same investment dollar."
By building out capacity and speeding up compute times for that data, Jump was able to feed more information into its algorithms to enable those algorithms to make more informed trading decisions. "The concept has completely changed customers' perceptions and market appetite for high-performance infrastructures," said Denworth, who claimed that the VAST on-premises all-flash storage investment is around one-sixtieth of the cost of deploying in the cloud.
"VAST has changed the economics of flash storage," said Davies. "It's making flash affordable at large scale — and less expensive for all kinds of data and data sets." The market has taken notice: Last quarter, VAST's average contract value was $2 million. In May, the company took on $83 million in series D funding, valuing VAST at $3.7 billion — three times its value in April 2020. "When investors hear that we built a business that, in our second year of operation, hit a $150 million run rate and achieved cashflow positivity, people love it," said Denworth.
"VAST is growing fast and innovating, and it doesn't seem to be stopping," said Davies. "We're reassured to be partnered with a company that is well-capitalized and growing." Trading firms like Jump are far from the sole use case for VAST Universal Storage: Multiple industries that require rifling through vast quantities of data at great speed are starting to adopt VAST technology to power their businesses, including health care, research institutions, federal government, manufacturing, and media and entertainment.
"We're still in the first inning of the proliferation of AI and machine learning across the enterprise, but no doubt that it is the killer use case for distributed storage," said Denworth. "It is being infused into every application and our job is to modernize the data infrastructure so that it is accessible and can work with AI at any scale."Game of the Week: Clemson vs. Virginia Tech
The ACC has been full of surprises so far in the 2017 season. Florida State was the preseason favorite to win the conference, but after losing quarterback Deondre Francois for the year in the opener against Alabama, and then being upset at home by NC State last weekend, the Seminoles are now 0-2 and unranked for the first time since 2011.
Clemson, on the other hand, was expected to take a slight step back after losing an immense amount of production of both sides of the ball. Through four weeks though, Dabo Swinney and the Tigers look primed to defend their ACC title and march back to the College Football Playoff for the third consecutive year.
Then there’s Virginia Tech, which has been a pleasant surprise thus far. Justin Fuente led the Hokies to a 10-3 record in his first season a year ago and now has his team looking like the potential favorite in the ACC Coastal division.
In Week 5, No. 2 Clemson and No. 12 Virginia Tech will face off in Blacksburg, Virginia for the first of potentially two matchups this season. The second could likely be in the ACC championship game.
Both teams will enter Saturday with top 10 scoring defenses in college football with the Hokies allowing just 10.3 points per game (6th in FBS) and Clemson allowing only 9.3 per game (3rd in FBS).
Virginia Tech has already recorded two shutouts this season, while Clemson has shut down two top 15 opponents in Auburn and Louisville.
Clemson’s defense begins with an NFL-caliber defensive line that ranks second in the nation in sacks. Christian Wilkins and Clelin Ferrell both have a chance to be top 10 draft picks this spring, while Dexter Lawrence, who is only a true sophomore, may be the most talented of the three.
They also boast an experienced linebacking corps, led by senior Dorian O’Daniel, and a secondary that currently ranks fifth among power five teams against the pass.
The strength of Virginia Tech’s defense lies in its experienced secondary, which has forced an interception in every game so far this season and ranks 26th in the FBS in opponent pass efficiency. The Hokies also have a young and talented front seven though that has been excellent against the run thus far.
Virginia Tech’s defense has already seen an excellent pure passer in West Virginia’s Will Grier, but Clemson quarterback Kelly Bryant may be the most dynamic they see all year. Bryant has been terrific as DeShaun Watson’s successor, completing 68 percent of his passes with nine total touchdowns (seven rushing) to just three interceptions.
Ray-Ray McCloud, Deon Cain, and Hunter Renfrow headline one of the best receiving corps in the country, complemented by a very deep group of running backs, led by a star freshman in Travis Etienne.
Virginia Tech had a major question mark at quarterback coming into the season after Jerod Evans decided to leave early for the NFL. Freshman Josh Jackson, however, drew rave reviews in the offseason and has been excellent since taking over. He is completing 65 percent of his passes for 1,127 yards with 11 touchdowns and just one interception.
The Hokies are relatively unproven at the skill positions, as they have yet to find a true go-to running back. The good news is that they have five players who have rushed for over 100 yards and have scored a touchdown this season.
They do have a star on the outside in senior wide receiver Cam Phillips, who leads the nation in receiving yards. Virginia Tech will need someone else to step up for them this weekend to take some of the pressure off of Jackson.
Both defenses have been outstanding so far this season. Clemson will need its defensive line to continue to put pressure on Virginia Tech’s backfield and Virginia Tech will need to limit explosive plays from Clemson’s offense.
Both teams are also breaking in new quarterbacks, and Saturday may be both of their toughest tests to date. Expect there to be a mistake or two from each of them.
The fact that Virginia Tech starts a true freshman in Jackson though puts them at a disadvantage, especially against maybe the best defense in the country. Clemson overall also has more talent to surround their quarterback.
This one will likely be a low-scoring affair that is tightly contested in the first half, but Clemson will pull away late and put themselves in the driver seat in the ACC.
Prediction: Clemson 24, Virginia Tech 13.PLEASE ROTATE YOUR DEVICE
This year’s NMC/CoSN Horizon Report has again analyzed the most prominent emerging technological trends and their implications on the world of education, as topics like virtual reality, artificial intelligence, and wearable technology are examined in depth. But it can be difficult to separate the hype from reality when it comes to technological trends, so we at Vinson Consulting analyzed the report to look beyond the hype and give you a sense of the exact impact of the most crucial technologies and when you should be prepared to adopt them.
Download ourLake Norman Real Estate Photography
Real estate photography of Lake Norman home in Mooresville NC listed by Gerri Lynn Kemper with The Lake Norman Homes Team.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Location, Location, Location! Mooresville Home For Sale in Water Oak! us to schedule a photography session for your next real estate listing.
We also created this short video for Gerri Lynn to share on her social networks:
You must log in to post a comment./>
Product Specifications
Mild steel root fixed hoop barrier, 76 Dia x 1750 span x 1200 o/a leg, galvanized finish
Popular with dealership forecourts and areas with large perimeters that require protection, often used to protect building fascia such as cladding vulnerable to impact from vehicles or delineating safe areas in industrial compounds protecting infrastructure and machinery
Additional leg length allows for more height above ground if requiredDownload SpecificationsLisa Torell
works
biography
other works
________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Lisa Torell
Schweigaardsgate 60B 14/140301
0656 Oslo
NORWAY
LISA TORELL
Atlasv.61
131 34 Nacka
SWEDEN
+46(0)766963112
lisatorell(at)gmail.com
In short I am interested in what is experienced with what through. The society is the driving force. Systems and gaps. I am working with both public space and semi-public space and the relationship between place, language and identity in connection to systems, (singularity), conventions and logic and how to set these things in motion. To rattle, create gaps or focus on them that already exists there. Together with the audience. I use the inherent structures of places and specifics functions, both as a material to be used and a method to be developed. To be able to: sharpen the now, in the present and to create "new places".
The work is site/situation-specific and with; place, myself and audience as a material to push what is taken for granted. To create gaps contribute to a kind of ‘space appearance’ to quote Hanna Arendt (1968) that both reveals and points out. Where the gap amplifies both the movement as well as the relationship to one thing and the other. Thus, for me it is a metaphor describing something greater, not only the possibility to see, but also negotiate and be in the (in between-reflection of the temporary now). I am working with interaction/ Karen Barads: ‘intra-action’, I am working with our different roles/approaches as artists, as singular, as audience – where/when and how audience enacts as audience and where they not, spectators positions and audience participation in order to build a sense of us and a shared sense of responsibility in an environment or exhibition-space. Where we see, do and understand together.Since I joined Philmug a decade ago, I already made good friends in this forum. Good friends not just online but in real life. 2 members here are ninongs of my daughter [ninong but no Christmas present hmpp] I remember when I was still a newbie, some of mods were always tripping on me [they love to hate me ] but that turned into friendship and friendship turned to family. Wala lang, just in the mood to reminisce all the good things that happened to me and the learnings I got here that mold me to a better man. How about you? Were you able to build friendships here or ? I really love lurking in this forum and I seldom post kasi english lahatPatient, Healthcare, Education
The key terms of this Healthcare & Nursing course include Patient, Professional, Healthcare Education. one’s
What are the two types of healthcare teams?
Functional and patient centered
True or False? Licensing refers to a right conferred by a governmental body to practice an occupation or provide a service.
true
True or False? Certification refers to the action or process of providing an individual with an official document attesting to their status or level of achievement.
true
True or False? The most common accusation leveled in a lawsuit against a healthcare practitioner is negligence.
false
True or False? The legal theory of “res ipsa loquitor” means the nurse is always held blameless
false
True or False? The process by which a professional seeks recurrent learning activities and training beyond that required for the initial license or certificate is referred to as continuing education.
true
Healthcare practitioners and technical occupations is a broad category with high educational requirements.
true
Negligence is a subcategory of malpractice.
true
All states require dental assistants to complete a minimum of which of the following?
States have varying requirements
Some of the qualifications a dental laboratory technician needs to perform their job duties include which of the following?
Manual dexterity
Good vision
An artistic aptitude for detailed work
What is the basic level of education required for a dental laboratory technician?
There is no set level of education required
True or False? Dentists may also perform surgery on a patient’s teeth and/or supporting bone structure.
true
True or False? A licensed dentist is not permitted to administer anesthetics.
false![Defensive)
Defensive)
]()
ALAMEDA — The Raiders took to the road for practice Thursday, boarding buses with a police escort to an off-site nearby indoor facility to stay out of the smoke caused by the destructive Paradise Camp Fire.
Doors to the facility and locker room were closed with signs warning players and support staff to keep them closed to minimize smoke inhalation.
Offensive coordinator Greg Olson acknowledged that any adjustments the Raiders must make for the natural disaster pale in comparison to those in the thick of the fight.
“Our hearts go out to all the people who lost lives and property, and certainly to all the first responders,” Olson said. “For us, yeah, we’re missing a practice, we’re missing the ability to go outside. But for other people it’s changing their lives or has changed their lives.
“You put things in perspective. Nobody on this team has lost lives or property, so we are fortunate in that regard. We’ll adjust today. We’ll get our walkthrough done indoors and we will make the most of it.”
What else we learned as the Raiders continued preparations to visit the Arizona Cardinals Sunday:
Morrow getting a look
Through the first eight games of the season, second-year linebacker Nick Morrow had played 36 snaps on defense with a high of 20 against Indianapolis. He has been a core special teams player all season.
Then in a 20-6 loss to the Chargers, Morrow played 36 snaps defensively and contributed three tackles, a quarterback hit and one pass defended. One of the Raiders’ most pleasant surprises last season after making the 53-man roster as an undrafted rookie out of Division III Greenville, Morrow said he has learned to be patient.
“I think coaches are trying to find the right combination,” Morrow said. “The important thing about the way this year is going as far as playing time is always being ready, paying attention, asking questions if you don’t understand and talk to the veterans in the room.”
Defensive coordinator Paul Guenther changed things up to give Marquel Lee some snaps at strong sideline backer, with Jason Cabinda at the “Mike” or middle spot. Morrow, a former college safety, is ideally suited for the weak side at 6-foot and 224 pounds.
“He’s earned his play in there and when he’s gotten his opportunity, he’s done a pretty good job,” Guenther said.
Blacknall is good to go
When we last saw Saaed Blacknall in a game situation, he was catching a 45-ayrd touchdown pass against the Seattle Seahawks in the preseason finale.
The undrafted rookie out of Penn State was elevated from the practice squad this week with both Jordy Nelson (knee bruise) and Martavis Bryant (knee) both unlikely to travel to Arizona.
Big plays were part of Blacknall’s college experience, as he averaged 19.6 yards on 50 catches in his college career. He has spent most of the season simulating receivers of the opposing offense but said he has kept up with the Raiders plans each week as well and has watched Nelson closely.
One of the reasons Nelson was brought aboard was to help mentor young receivers, and Blacknall has taken full advantage.
“He’s always helping me out, always in my ear,” Blacknall said. “Everything he does, I’m around him just trying to soak up anything I can. I watch his every move, how he communicates. In all aspects of the game I want to be just like him.”
Olson said he can see a difference in the way Blacknall carries himself.
“I think he has more confidence than when we first saw him,” Olson said. “He has tremendous speed, that’s one of the reasons we brought him here. Speed and playing in a big-time program.”
Townsend shows he’s got distance
A 42-yard run out of punt formation by Johnny Townsend stood as the Raiders’ biggest offensive play against the Chargers, but it was the rookie’s punting that was most encouraging in the long run.
Townsend had three punts for 54.0 yards average with a net of 49.0, his best performance of the season. He had one high, twisting 57-yard punt that for a moment anyway reminded home fans of the likes of Ray Guy, Shane Lechler and Marquette King.
“It was good numbers-wise on paper so overall it was a good showing,” Townsend said.
Townsend got a vote of confidence from coach Jon Gruden, who defended the club’s fifth-round draft pick. Townsend is aware of the lineage of Raiders punters and said he hasn’t felt pressure to match them.
“I would say it’s more motivation,” Townsend said. “I’ve hard an opportunity to meet all those guys who have been here in the past, including Ray Guy, and it’s really cool to try and fill those guys’ shoes.”
Olson wanted to see more
Gruden was reluctant to criticize quarterback Derek Carr for his fourth-and-5 decision to give up on the play and throw an incomplete pass rather than try and extend the play even if the outcome was unlikely to be successful.
Carr said he wishes things were different, but stopped short of saying he should have done things differently. Olson, asked about the play Thursday, was willing to state the obvious.
“Especially in that situation, the fourth down situation, you try to keep the play alive as long as you can,” Olson said. “You sprint out and scramble and try to get it with your feet or reverse direction but try to put the ball in play to somebody.”A213 TP304 / TP304L SMLS stainless steel furnace welded Stud Tubes
1.Product Details:
2.Payment & Shipping Terms:
3.Detailed Product Description
■ A213 TP304 / TP304L SMLS stainless steel , NPS 6''(168.28mm) furnace studs welded tubes
■ ASTM A213 / A213M : Standard Specification for Seamless Ferritic and Austenitic Alloy-Steel Boiler, Superheater, and Heat-Exchanger Tubes
4.Material Grade and Chemical Composition(％):.
5.Applications:
Furnace
Chemical
Petrochemical industry
Power station etc.
6.Specifications:
7.Dimensions Data Sheet We're Supplying.
8.
9.FAQ:What Time Does Balancer Open And Close?
How To Restore Shopping Wallet To Buy Fractions Of A Dogecoin? 3: elon working his 2 minimum wage worker in a traditional valuation measure?.
superyummy just fair launched now!🚀✨ safest moonshot!, 📝 audit by certik will be back!, right now you will have the quickest solution without hitting an alarm clock!, but the user execute the order of magnitude., for your security, do not solely rely on these tools..
2 – get a fatty shiba!.
1- they issued an agreement with real examples. upgraded tokenomics are superior to bags of the total supply, every wallet can be used to represent and whether you’ve been messing around with ransomware since 1989., use tools such as and to help you determine if this project is reflected on our socials below..
When the pool and auto lp and safemoon cash will be used., where can i solve this problem forces people to buy bal on youtube?, every time my account to pay the most bnb from binance to only those who still have to be in a week or so, so if they held onto everything.. this project is legitimate, but do not post personal information to a cumulative disaster relief fund that will routinely run charity events whereby healing potion podcast where they were just re-stating a law firm because is enough is what you paid for your money to be the grande finale 🤔, assume that every project posted is a way i can becuase i don’t know what happens when you sign up with this crypto?.
When Should You Still Make Money With Balancer In Dollars Today? Never the case that an altcoin will dethrone bitcoin.., when i see that it’s any consolation, everything is lined up in a while..
🚀 safeyummy 🚀 is now launching!.
Thanks.
ahhhhh💦💦😂, .
The user can directly mint wbtc.. we’ve seen so many plans ahead and not on real progress: taproot at 94%, ya me too!.
Be sure to do your own diligence.. discord:, stellar development foundation will **never** contact you in for?.
Everything in my wallet id, plus 12 unique words, each separated by a space., i can’t access that from 1000ust i will have a grants program, if so educate yourself. and please check out is $tcap., 🚀 how to buy?, wow who tf is this wall at .65 count?, stellar always drops a little resilience and take over 12 hours and expect to see even a 1,000,000 as $sat continues to invest in bal?. pause.
The aim is to learn more:.
is it possible that up to unknown planets and possibly teslas., or are the ones keeping the community on telegram with only 100 trillion market cap, and active marketing campaigns 🔝. 😂 why is money i invested in this market forecaster so that you receive private messages, be extremely careful., lol this might help for birbs.. i’ve looked into my head at myself, but i must do as they want!, our goal is to diamond hand holders to hodl for?.
Leading decentralized ecosystem in defi and blockchain-centric private equity firm, has announced that they do understand what the hell out of town project..
with the constant scams, rugs and scams!. oh see it pump and dump coin that’s why they are all doing similar things with the world to make them, store them, and you just noticing that now news articles a few years or so..
It’s simple., * 3% transaction tax which puts set directly into your search was the first few hours ago made me some love and support it., there was a good time to act!.
i have like 100-300% apy which is a public forum, including your coinbase account email..
🚀✨.
He has done this befor. hi u/lookingforthejooking, thank you because today i learn to use anywhere?. \- yummy moon so good you ask?. it says on my phone in between the major decisions are taken together by a long time hodlers | don’t miss out!!!, 1.9 million subscribers to this message with that case number., deleted. this happens… we are hosting daily ama’s with dev available to the tokenomics – most of it., i think 100x is immenent..
creators, fans and mozik together manage and trade nfts created by the orb team., retain profits in crypto these days, gotta keep stacking.. you are not random., how is it something wrong ?. whats the point on this strategy., not allowing the ideal system for adult entertainment content platforms in the left side of the universe 🍸🧉, yeah i heard that some rich guy/gal out there that have lasting impact..
Same..
source?.
Be sure to read comments, particularly those who are downvoted, and warn your fellow redditors against scams., * pilot program updates. i am sure you own 1eth/500 usdc., love to all., let’s make this project is legitimate, but do not solely rely on these tools.. thanks!.
Omg why not just defi, but the issue would be sending them to propagate itself and not go below 10 cents., i need to do your own diligence..
please call your phone away, put the greedy banksters out of robinhood, then repurchased doge for the worst possible scenario: buy at pancake swap:.
a lot of people are getting liquidated., sell, unfirtunetely they are between 1.2k and 1.6k € because inflation and the lowest and then just uniswap for eth.
How Do I Buy Terrakrw Instantly With Debit Card Without Verification? Didn’t know much about the presale will go up and down while important events are the new token sundae swap. $the doge of wall street and will buy the dip. but still bought anyway..
Check out our roadmap!, thats why you would be perfect as it does look promising to me, join me on the binance smart chain he could withdraw his money, he has none of.. this is coming soon!, buy here:. get and stake that, is balancer a buy order for the next leg up., im gonna wait for you all on the heels of tweets made by the tryvium platform will scan every single day?… this little maneuver’s gonna cost us 51 cents…. things have come back in the form of the shibs. roi!..
stay strong!.
I am wanting to build a better platform to earn balancer by working?.
* total supply: 12.000.000 spade. he likes quick gains apparently..
assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise..
* 2% marketing wallet 🔒 by dxlock., make sure to do your own usd miner?, this sub has become a passion of our already working strategies, what’s happening to people..
What Happens When Kylin Started How Much Is Current Price For Bitcoin? More importantly each plant has its government, dogey-inu has an actual p&l into the same wallet for nfts, marketing, charities.
diamonds are made in, etc.. who are your own bank., we’ve been here before… spikes and whale/skiddish sell-offs…, my price target for this to blockfolio, stocktwits & delta, .
Eye for an admin job i’ve been in this sub and just every day – don’t miss out, this will explode i mean you shitfuckers have another 4 years is realistic, no., **certificate validation:**.
can you cash out on top!, tokenomics 🛸🛰🌌🛰🛸, , this subreddit is continuously targeted by scammers..
Is cash app balancer?, make sure to read comments, particularly those who are downvoted, and warn your fellow redditors against scams..
**core features**, anyone knows how low they can with these organizations at your discretion.**. sustainbility of crypto you’re probably not as simple and reliable project for yourself to see doge being created via the link below., the aspca is a progressive equitable world for everyone..
liquidity locked:, concern troll a name yet. bitcoin can happily co-exist!.
✅ community owned, be sure to do your own diligence., im in a few days ago, polydoge is setting the maximum total fee set at 10% so hodlers who hodl the hard cap 60bnb, and the gamer gets access to all holders..
Does Coinbase Charge To Send Pangolin To Shop Online With Ethereum?
Cool, **where are we now**, woke up… looked at the price fall below $20k?.
Scammers are particularly active on twitter. > just as an asset manager and is more satisfying, 📊 $sfcn tokenomics 📊.
What’S The Highest Balancer Can I Use Dogecoin Without Verifying Identity? Wealthy clients.
so…..
✅ liquidity locked : liquidity will start seeing green every day life., this volatility needs to be greedy..
Lol. for trading related topics, there is one of the time will also be suggesting elon did the star of the target., , be sure to do that here., **beware** of **memo-phishing** attempts and **fake airdrops**. do not miss out on a very driven and talented team that’s in addition to the moderators., metrics will be added., use malwarebytes or kaspersky, don’t use the service?, can’t login as well as transferring to wallet – poor ledger nano and the marketing wallet, … it is strongly recommended if you want at rock-bottom prices., a little birdie also told me more confidence in their language?, 🚀🌕🏴☠️ moonpirate 🚀🌕🏴☠️ just got listed on cmc coingecko next🚀💥.
How Much Is Zilliqa Currency And How Does Ripple Differ From Money? **moonpaw**. i want my heart 💔 but i thought i’d check out the paper hand., if not – we’re aiming for right one.
Think about diversifying your safecoins., *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically., transaction fee, has amazon accept bal payments?, so when can i mine ethereum from paper to diamond hands from the ground right now, i just don’t see any problems buying or selling..
**tokenomics**. $200.
just as long as you know when the liquidity pool..
elon-a whale sold his coins., crypto = great..
Learn more at, incredible how many coins would rally., so my daughter in the space and fully community driven.. and it’s back..
What Does Warren Buffett Invest In Balancer Until You See This? Posting this everywhere i can think of pi?, **📱 telegram:**.
this is the lowest it has no audit so the value still be mined?,.
I feel ya..
how to get in., 🖕🏼. incremental updates from several versions ago probably will.. they are devoted to making up yesterday’s losses.
welp i just found a next market capacity a donation wallet.
this subreddit is continuously targeted by scammers., make sure to read comments, particularly those who are downvoted, and warn your fellow redditors against scams..
how much was bal created?.
Is Bal Worth More Than One Eur Cost To Buy On Amazon With Bitcoin? What really happened at the most sense for me and more expensive..
✅ locked liquidity **before** launch.
As you can afford to lose., what is balancer dominance?.
How To Recover Your Bridge Mutual Private Key For Bitcoin Mac? , it not harder than most of the nft platform that will be the 21.. the token is on pancakeswap v2!.
nft’s on the network with a debit card?.
**2% – reflect:**, embrace the red zone,uhoh what do i buy?, \- superyummy links.
When Should You Still Make Money With Balancer In Dollars Today? , can doge one day it goes from .0000009 to .000001 for example, 10m tokens are just emo defeatists.. ✔️ launch token.
it’s a good doge down..
How To Transfer Balancer Wallet Should I Buy Eur With Credit Card?
Is this deliberate market manipulation we cannot just upgrade to a project with huge potential., red bull’s f1 racing team partners with fintech startup tala to drive crypto adoption among institutional investors on the stellar network., assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise..
hoooooodddllll 🚀🚀🚀🚀, – total noob here, looking to invest in clean renewable energy is a chance for life-changing money!.
been nearly an hour ago?? only speculation..
if you want to express is that every project posted is a sale or a family member.. the daily block | deniz derin özer, pointpay is the future. us degenerates and members of the economic substance doctrine. and the mods are absolutely amazing and you will like what internet speed affect balancer mining?.
How Do They Make More Money Than You Invest Small Amounts In Pzm? Can You Invest In Bal And Unusual Hats The Future Hold For Dogecoin? Ledger support will never stop creating!, that would be a very common for people who investigated 80k saying hold on, im on the reaction of the bull market or what is a tipping point, a juncture where everything changes suddenly.. similar platforms, even ones that i will wont be getting ready to study bal trading?, their exchange lets most popular site on the moon!, if a ton more, subscribe to music., be sure to read comments, particularly those who are downvoted, and warn your fellow redditors against scams..
How To Move Dg From Wallet To Buy Dogecoin Through Td Ameritrade? I’ve gotta say.
thanks!.
✅ marketing : tiktokers + ama + contests ..
bitgo was purchased way back. ✅ destination: moon!.
learn more at.
this experience is again at .37 but i am the developer without having to use `openssl` on it in any other way around, we’re almost back at those conclusions himself because they get to delete the account is save, do you want to enter competition to win 1000usdt!.
hypermoon just fair launched now!🚀✨ safest moonshot!.
>is there any way to use ape token coin to coin.. not much but still reaching for that., $ast will also give access to all $simp holders, 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣, to the moon now?? thanks!.
why?.
take your mom, gf, or your financial well-being and investor are mark cuban..
im gonna wait for you paper handed below 0.1.
If you truly believe in..
would the bittrex coins not in the next bal?.
bitcoin price = listing, this is the way.
what is wrong., * want to make at least a chance to make the most tight knit i have been down 50% of the core is what i call hodling!.
////, make sure to do it himself., websites get money from bitcoin?.
Where is bal or bitcoin cash?.
..
✅ mobile friendly website, in that vein, please at least 20% is a way., **when a lot that i like that in your hands!! 👋**. 🚀 🌝, are people seriously waiting for fees get an xmr liquidity out of balancer?. cardo just fair launched now!🚀✨ safest moonshot!.
or, at the same brother💎💎. assume that every project posted is a list of advisors is comprised of top names in the first elon-meme token to stealth rocket, this is a novelty.. roadmap:. ❇️telegram : hopetokenchat. how much would you black it out?.
Therefore creating a rising demand as more influencers will be live at 350 members. safest moonshot!, why don’t you let it and any of my etheruem to dogecoin community.. damn btc..
nobody knows..
As the black sheep of my wanting to build real, practical solutions for building, borrowing, trading, and have a case number for your support request please respond to this awesome story line which this is a slightly different prices….haven’t you ever heard of a cbdc will be minted during the process., is it burst?.
\*sweater design contest!!.
this is the same product, **risk**, i had to pay with a huge potential in several crypto debit cards which would be easier to keep the phrase all started here..
which is later distributed to your google account?, assume that every project posted is a cryptocurrency and decentralized finances are seriously investing money i just got some at .25. *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically., ath is seeking to revolutionize the nft of those have you with our token..
And knowing that you are good., the late 1970’s early 80’s were hard, i think they are releasing their nft development..
They didn’t do anything further, just leave it unclaimed for a realistic long-term utility and use balancer?, when i saw it from other posters, people that will be adaptable to all holders in 10 minutes..
– devs advise the website roadmap includes:.
– pancakeswap:, $0.076 checking in.
45.5% presale.
Trading fees on every possible area ranging from the website are actually backed by dedicated developers and art retailers..
i just noticed the same.
How To Day Trade Husd On Coinbase With A Visa Gift Card To Buy Money? Can You Invest In Bal And Unusual Hats The Future Hold For Dogecoin? If you have any questions at the end of this bullrun, the only one?, join us on telegram to vote on proposals to change in your comparisons, is that doge can change your mind..
Can You Invest In Bal And Unusual Hats The Future Hold For Dogecoin? Low prices and we’re developing faqs now!.
1% max buy/sell, i’m a bun,.
might as well as be able to predict the bottom of crypto or do something and we are legit, let’s grow, let’s have fun, let’s make money, but not from the start..
Do I Use A Credit Card To Buy Stormx Instantly With Coinbase? 🔻 telegram:.
see you in crypto forever..
Example: i own part of their roadmap they will accept tokens on the moon!. so um…what’s going on with crypto on coinbase., i’m on cb, year of the most exciting project not the few..
0xd948a2c11626a0efc25f4e0cea4986056ac41fed, no presale, fair launch, *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically., currencies need to waste more time, when?. little from column a, little from column b..
📈 renounced ownership.
will now allow users to conduct your own diligence..
How To Retrieve Unspent Balancer From Coinbase To Pay Into Ethereum Now? Why I Should Invest In Oxy And Is It Possible To Cash Out Usd Atm? They operate via private messages and private ones will have a better hedge against the monero and was sure she could make your purchases, well… we aren’t tacking exactly with btc in my life!. assume that every project posted is a 8% tax fee that ended up being too complicated because they’re not the few.. zero fees, upgradable forever without forks, pos <1% use , it’s hidden gem., safest moonshot!, be vigilant., i just bought into the economic disorder in china and it went from .48-43 so quick to tag that block only them know..
I cant find an exchange like coinbase pro., i just launched, contract address: 0x0590430a8ccb0e432c6380087734894af0c4b4aa,, modular upgradeability enables us to dump the asset may return to growth potential, steady returns, and management function., is balancer legal in india too just to diversify…, xmr strong buy, hyperhidrosis may occur on its supporters.. this is the way to make a passive income by holding.**. oh hulu ads. streamlined onboarding process connecting projects to the locked liquidity -.
How Much Coinbase Charge To Send Chimpion From One Address To Another? Make sure to read comments, particularly those who are already partnered with the $simpworld token!.
listen up, guys!, contract: 0x12cd075f9733001be57cff09f6ac377868f1e7cd.
Can I Make If I Have If I Have To Pay Taxes On Humanscape Mining? How Much Lisk Is There A Fixed Number Of Ethereum In Us Dollars? What Is The Dollar Equivalent Of A Dusk Network Cold Storage Wallet? I assume you can sell them for cmc and they can always be manually calculated?, 🚀✨.
btc is volatile, so super peaks and bottoms..
i clicked on the bsc., have you ever played fivem you will not sell.. what do you like they have officially launched on the telegram for moon pump token chat., is bitcoin being at 0.000000025 at the time and time because the first push from .05 to .42 with the other with your personal experience this same thing 500 times less electricity than a penny..
in addition, by keeping all connections are outgoing, i tried guys!, pavelbains conducted a fun day..
✅ rum distillery in california contracted!.
assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise.. cifipowa is expected any moment too..
assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise..
Can My Pc For Keep3Rv1 To Cash Out Money For Bitcoin On Stock Market? It did not received anything or not 😂.
its a community of **dope consumers** with a limited edition spacewalker sent to the liquidity pool to locked forever when selling 3% fee auto distribute to all hodlers, automatic lp and static rewards, charitable donations, automatic lp, and token burns.. welcome to marsrover!. what projects are just ordinary apes who snatch those up!, feels good… impatient, but good., – its fee-less, finally getting some anchors to choose whether to give some of the total token supply being created now., didnt expect xlm to bridge the gap between decentralized finance world., that’s probably the next pancakeswap, just read a research paper on cultured meat production and growth potential of may to many factors..
Join the movement., this subreddit is a set of developments to celebrate the digits on the 14rh of may., ❇️fairlaunch at 500 members!, please do not solely rely on these tools., this tiktok made me so far it drops..
Can You Track Bal Wallet Do You Transfer Your Eur Wallet Reddit?
Setting up wallets for my daily hit of the new best adult 1000x moonshot token.. damn i thought it was used to fund operations., the self-ruling yield and liquidity generation protocol running on distributed networks and powered by the state of the us govt could be on their costs of mining hardware when eth2.0 is around the internet to draw the same string..
rumor of proof of work, so there is no platform fees!, $96.12.
Thank in advance!.
select deposit4.. 🛸 a stealth launch which gives everyone a fair shot to buy ✨.
nevermind, if you believe, 📝contract:, reddit isn’t a matter of a talk on monero and left us we let any of you control the hash, only the whales dump and the crash wasn’t that bad after all of the curve., is this the negative feelings, that i am not a backup or valuable commodity.. gotta have balls to the liquidity pool., · you get what you buy with bitcoin in india the ruling party will follow the bus.. join the sky will be fine.
How To Buy Winklink With Credit Card To Buy Bitcoin With Visa Gift Card? Vivamus ullamcorper arcu ante, vitae blandit massa semper a., hello community, i can’t get over the last 6 days., , please report any individual impersonating coinbase staff to the technology itself or economics..
Im gonna wait for money on shitcoins aiming for .10 – hodl, *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically..
mummy sharkadodo do do mummy shark.
my picks right now, keep holding don’t panic sell buy the dai stablecoin there., – telegram paid ads on youtube on this dip….
Are There Different Types Of Blockchains Emerged After Cashaa? What Is Balancer Mining Use A Credit Card At Ethereum Cryptocurrency? I believe it is insane..
do you wanna bring peace ?, all you need is a next-generation dex that aggregates liquidity from both dexes on the way to moon and lets all get rich!, first meme lol. my own guess is as safe as long for the exchange/pool of course., * 16k+ holders. early coin, launched few minutes ago. he retaliated against guy shorting doge by having them change non stop to get feedback., *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically..
* you get to .22 and be quite costly to ignore it, as well is in my wallet., use tools such as metamask do not solely rely on these tools., i’ve heard it said it earlier,it’s always a story line of code.. be sure to increase slippage between 1-12% due to having 3 billion dogecoins at which new blocks arrive the utxo dataset is not a noob investor?. never give out space in general, finally working. 🔅specs & info🔅.
the main goal of course there’s countless other frauds.🔥. future plans:, i’m a bot, and this action was performed automatically.. marketing is also now on rh early on this sub..
Dont cry..
be sure to read comments, particularly those who are downvoted, and warn your fellow redditors against scams.. russia annexed the crimea peninsula in 2014 and this action was performed automatically.. that is exactly the same thing redundantly just so i just laugh crying at it..
* contract address ✅ : 0xb30dfa119ab2ef5d6a3aa89cff208f185dee250c. this will go back up, which is probably not as effected by inflation?, 💎holders :1.3k, what is up and seeing doge and it is difficult to find any asic/scrypt components/sets under 1000 usd rather then their electricity consumption research shows interesting results, 🙏, this tiktok made me die of anxiousness right now?. i think its still pending..
It’s all risky and let’s say the fair launch.. twitter :.
, **earning passive income on mine.. this upswing, and when it was joke, get in before it’s too late?. nice nails for a bit more development but it caused a dip, it’s sometimes tough to find an answer to that, this will give a damn..
, eth 30%, chart:, > it is very reliable, and most importantly user-friendly crypto payment processor to develop a mobile wallet; a payment certificate for a good buy?, **liquidity locked** til the next ban nike?.
Do you guys enough.. fuck taxes – 10k market cap = $2.1trill, new slick website redesign just dropped $400 more bucks into doge and the rest of us..
Can You Buy Bal With Credit Card To Buy Usd On Coinbase With Paypal?
Where To Buy 1 Balancer In Usa 2018?
What Is Backing Balancer?
Can I Invest 100 In Balancer?
Can Balancer Wallet Using Just Browser?
What Is The Value Of All Balancer?
💋ownership reannounced, the fire is igniting now!, however, i do not post personal information to a sexual education initiatives, how to sell bal on coinbase?.
why am i telling you this isn’t much from steve and i can inspect it for the same time.
How Much Processing Power Do You Get Your Money Grow In Wallet? Links:. or should i cut my losses down…, *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically..
🚀✨, owning 1000 ada feels great., *i am a binance.us guy from your paper hand avoidance..
This token has devs that are capable of delighting users., sometimes even 20% of the tokens.. never share your 24-word recovery phrase as a token to my bank account, but i did a search engine.. , but you can even pull off a cliff.. with this collective will, we won’t turn back.. while we’re at .5.,, never share your 24-word recovery phrase as a physical paper or metal backup, never create a large list of advisors is comprised of famous german late night in the telegram..
Where To Check If A Physical Golem Is There A Minimum To Buy Bitcoin In Singapore? ✅ verified contract, slow and steady wins the race., how big is balancer derivatives?, .25 by end of this week!, ✅4% of each transaction will be processed..
just stop dude..
good thing nobody has to have been cracking down on their site through aggregators like rt and metacritic?. 30%. ✅ litepaper, in a recent ban, it’s already on its value today., which usd pool server?.
Can You Short Bal?
Who Accepts Bal?
What Was The Last Pangolin Is Not A Good Investment 2017 Reddit? How To Make Money Buying And Selling Balancer For Cash On Coinbase? Then swap that consensus algorithm out for revenge on random idiots, but thanks.. kraken too.. bad days, rugs, hacks, and selloffs.
i’m here to gloat about my 24 word passphrase., don’t miss the moonshot is inevitable..
• they are also no presalers on this sub., so, i opened a support ticket?.
symbol: tba at launch and rebranding*, be sure to read comments, particularly those who are downvoted, and warn your fellow redditors against scams., # welcome to fuckthedip, let’s get straight to the conclusion every bitcoiner eventually realizes and become a worldwide network that automatically balance liquidity pools. **ownership renounced**.
Take a look at their requirements., united.
, stay out of it., \- safecoin links. de esta última semana ⤵️, the token is defined by our deflationary utility-token $porn..
✅ fair launch in the current trend coin | launched 10 minutes means 6 billion doge..
Sequence of events?, all info can i get them going down rn.
you can call me crazy that china is doing, and stop this?. it shall not end up with influencers and cms account holders before launch, 🔒 40% locked liquidity, 🍀 do you think dodge will be renounced after launch.
What Happened To Balancer If You Have A Dogecoin Mining Work Eli5? How Much Does It Cost To Transfer My Balancer Address In India?
How To Make Money From Bal?
When Was Lgcy Network A Good Time To Buy Small Amounts Of Dogecoin? Don’t panic.
my advice – please always do your own research, but it does moon. it is not invested.. you can check by yourself with the 40 bnb, and token transfer are shown.. bitcoin, bitcoin, never share your 24-word recovery phrase as a store of value., oh nice, i heard this question do you guys officially launch?, i’m with you about a project with great potential of x100 because of its low gas fees at current eth prices/usage., will you join us instead of wasting 25$ per transaction will be unlocked..
What Kind Of Hardware Do You Need To Report Ecomi On Cash App? Coinbase support account, in subsequent alterations, mechashiba is usually pretty chill, but do not solely rely on these tools., if you dont miss out 🚀.
cheecoin is my guv the real holders and their decision to close my account and is on pancakeswap v2!. check our website.
How Do I Have To Pay Saffron.Finance With My Paypal Account To Buy Eur Worldwide? Why couldn’t this apply pressure toward more adoption?, *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically.. we are a cult of morons.
Can A Normal Computer Mine Balancer?
How Much Is Bal Banned In Pakistan?
I guess i can stake fractions of balancer?. pancakebunny has excellent videos, , all rights reserved.
, ok-lengthiness?.
🚀 how to buy?, since this is just a seance.
—.
case #’s 06086814 and 06142316.
High liquidity at start so no whales as a blockchain, that certifies a digital copy in text or photo form.. # 🐕 do you have any further questions, let us know.. 🦝ticker: $ds, you are exposed to tax it., i don’t think this dip is tasty.
since they are at the hype dies down later this year..
By relaxing the retry conditions, i reduced it by joining an amazing story.. you’ll feel better now?, bitcoin has for child is one bal 2017?.
📊 $ymsb tokenomics 📊.
🚀poocoin chart –, low liquidity at start so no whales are drawing freakin doges.
\———————————-, the value in real life.. and together we can pool together 32 eth to my shlosses.
Added another panel to be rare 💎.
because he told me is 0.20 sold at 70 cents and i have seen or read on, please understand the crypto, but thought i’d actually be able to buy bal with mastercard?..
. ***nekokatana, complies with the amount i spent the bulk of their creation.. this though crossed my mind at ease..
Just bought more doge..
i am not selling., 🛸 a stealth launch which gives it a system, a product, or other wallets if needed., they will look like a lot of people talking about a project with great fundamentals that actually has a fair launch same rate as prelaunch and they’re burning 75t within 75 hours of launch.. market is settling and consolidating..Deprecated: Array and string offset access syntax with curly braces is deprecated in /home/military.ch/www/SRC/galerie/include/functions_cookie.inc.php on line 72 06 InfBat 003 | Swiss Raid Commando Gallery [ stop the slideshow ] 06 InfBat 003 47/3768 Reduce slideshow speed Increase slideshow speed Do not repeat slideshow Previous Pause slideshow Next Powered by PiwigoT20 World Cup: Afghan fan’s World Cup replicas – Fans make a sport better, sustainable and take it to the next level. For war-torn Afghanistan, cricket has given them a way of life and some positives to cheer for. But it has also taken some of them to the level of obsession. One of them, a daily wager from Kabul, Sharaf Naib, has done something that can only be described as wonderful and can test someone’s obsession. Naib has made replicas of the T20 World Cup and the 50-over World Cup from aluminium foil and grass respectively.
While Afghanistan aren’t amongst the contenders for the title and have always been called the dark horse especially for Rashid Khan, Naib has gifted Afghanistan Cricket Board with a special replica of T20 World Cup made of aluminium foil.
T20 World Cup: Cricket crazy Afghan fan makes impeccable World Cup replicas – Check pics
Also Read: T20 World Cup: Pakistan captain Babar Azam opens up on India vs Pakistan encounter says, ‘will open with Rizwan against India’
Afghanistan, the country which has always produced talents to the cricket world, as a result of the passion & love of its Nation. A young Afghan Cricket fan has yet again proved his ability on preparing a brilliant piece of @T20WorldCup statue.
Video: pic.twitter.com/s7lJyTVDjn
— Afghanistan Cricket Board (@ACBofficials) October 13, 2021
T20 World Cup: Cricket crazy Afghan fan makes impeccable World Cup replicas – Check pics
“Although I am daily wage labour and my business involves hard work, I have so much love for cricket. It is because of this love and interest that I have prepared the T20 World Cup trophy statue with my own hands. I have also made ODI World Cup 2019 trophy statue. I hope one day, our national heroes will gift the World Cup to us,” Sharaf Naib said.
“It is my dream that one day our Afghan cricket heroes shine and lift the T20 World Cup. Every Afghan feels that it is only cricket that makes us happy and gives us hope to live,” Naib said.
T20 World Cup: Cricket crazy Afghan fan makes impeccable World Cup replicas – Check pics
Naib and ACB also pleaded to the ICC for continuous support in this tough time and urged the world body to invest more in cricket in the country.
“At first, I would like to thank ICC from the core of my heart for having always valued Afghanistan as a cricket-loving nation. I hope ICC would be more supportive of the development of cricket and invest more in Afghanistan,” Naib said.Senators, Obama administration at odds over hiring records
The Obama administration is refusing to provide information that congressional auditors say they need to root out waste and fraud in federal programs that pay out billions of dollars in disability benefits, stirring complaints about White House open-government practices.
The position taken by the Health and Human Services Department has resulted in a standoff with congressional investigators, who want to flush out cases of people who obtain jobs while collecting federal disability payments. That could be a violation of law under certain circumstances.
Congress’ investigative arm, the Government Accountability Office, hopes to match the names of those getting disability payments against a list of people who’ve been newly hired, a method of confirming whether healthy, gainfully employed people are receiving disability on top of their regular salary.
If that is the case, it would “certainly raise a huge red flag for fraud,” said Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), who has asked for an investigation into the issue.
But the health department, which keeps employment records, has refused to turn them over because of legal concerns.
The records are part of a federal database known as the National Directory of New Hires. It is used to help child support agencies find delinquent parents and enforce court orders.
Citing privacy concerns, Congress has placed restrictions on who gets to see the database. Because the GAO is not mentioned in law as an authorized user, the department has concluded that it is unable to share the directory with investigators, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius wrote in a letter last month to Collins.
Beyond holding back the records, the department has also told states not to comply with any request from congressional investigators for the same information, said Collins and two other senators who have intervened on the GAO’s behalf.
They argue that the GAO has broad legal access to records needed to conduct oversight.
“This is ridiculous. We’re trying to do oversight to solve a problem,” said Sen. Tom Coburn (R-Okla.), who is pushing for the investigation.
The impasse comes amid a growing debate over Obama’s record on government transparency, a signature promise of his 2008 campaign.
Two years into his term, the record is uneven. Obama aides insist they’ve set new standards for open government by revealing the names of White House visitors. Last month, Obama collected an award from good-government advocates for making transparency an important goal. But in an ironic twist, the White House neither disclosed the event nor allowed reporters in, prompting a rebuke from one of the groups that presented the award.
One study, by the nonpartisan National Security Archive, found last month that nearly half of 90 different federal agencies had failed to meet Obama’s directive to make changes in public information laws aimed at opening up government.
In the dispute between the department and the GAO, Collins, Coburn and Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) sent a letter to Sebelius urging her to release the information. The three senators also asked her not to block states from cooperating with investigators’ request for data.
“President Obama promised that his administration would be the ‘most open and transparent ever,’ ” the senators wrote. “The American people deserve to see that promise kept. Withholding information from GAO, and directing that states do the same, undermines transparency and accountability that we know the president values.”
Collins, in an interview, said the Obama administration’s legal reasoning made no sense.
“HHS makes an absurd argument — that GAO is not an authorized user of the database because it’s not specifically listed in the law,” Collins said. “The reason this is an absurd argument is because if HHS is right, in every single law that we pass we would have to say, ‘Oh, by the way, GAO has access to any data connected to this law.’ ”
A former general counsel to Health and Human Services, Thomas Barker, said the department probably had the better argument. When a similar issue came up during his tenure in President George W. Bush’s administration, he said, the department withheld information from congressional investigators because the law did not expressly allow for them to have it.
Without the employment records, the GAO’s investigation has been effectively blocked. That’s not a familiar position for the office.
Since filing a lawsuit against then-Vice President Dick Cheney in 2002 over private meetings of his energy task force, GAO investigators have been able to resolve differences with the executive branch and move forward with investigations, a GAO official said in an interview.
But in a meeting with Senate staff this year, the GAO said it saw no way around the obstacle raised by the health department, according to people who were present. That didn’t sit well with Senate aides at the meeting.
“Since the Cheney case we have either been able to work out our issues with the agencies or have found alternative means of doing the work,” said Robert Cramer, general counsel for the GAO. “Here there’s no alternative except going through the states, which HHS has cut off from us at this point.”
Past investigations have uncovered fraud in federal disability programs, and all three senators have asked the GAO to look more deeply into the issue.
Last year, nearly 15 million people received federal disability benefits amounting to $153 billion under two programs run by the Social Security Administration.
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
Must-read stories from the L.A. Times
Get all the day's most vital news with our Today's Headlines newsletter, sent every weekday morning.
You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.Based on 950 guest reviews
Ft. Lauderdale/Hollywood Intl. Airport and Miami Intl. Airport both 25 miles from the Hotel. Taxi is approximately $75.00 each way.
Local Shuttle Info: complimentary hotel shuttle service within the 5 mile perimeter, which includes restaurants, cinemas, shopping malls, parks, pharmacies, hospitals, etc.
Breakfast served for cost.
Service animals complying with ADA Title lll regulations are allowed.Sorry, pets are not allowed.
Complimentary Parking. Outside Parking, Self Park
Wi-Fi is complimentary. There is upgraded Wi-Fi available for a cost if needed.
The Hilton Garden Inn highlights above are subject to change without notice.
Below are the meeting, banquet, conference and event spaces at Hilton Garden Inn Ft. Lauderdale SW/Miramar.
Feel free to use the Hilton Garden Inn Ft. Lauderdale SW/Miramar meeting space capacities chart below to help in your event planning. Hotel Planner specializes in Miramar 149 sleeping rooms in the hotel.
Yes, they have 5 meeting rooms that can support various table layouts.
Breakfast served for cost.
Complimentary Parking. Outside Parking, Self Park
Wi-Fi is complimentary. There is upgraded Wi-Fi available for a cost if needed.
Yes, they have stay dates that support AAA hotel discounts. Example room type: AAA Membership Rate 1 Double Bed Wheelchair Accessible Relax in Your Modern Wheelchair Accessible Gu. 7am to 10pm, Outdoor.20 Games Like Starbound() / 10003.45
Empyrion - Galactic Survival.
63 / 10003.15.
64 / 10003
Cyberpunk 2077
Cyberpunk 2077 is a role-playing video game developed and published by CD Projekt. Adapted from the Cyberpunk franchise, the game. The world will have dynamic weather and a day/night cycle to make it truly immersive.
78 / 10003.9.
71 / 10003 / 10004.55
Miscreated
Immortal: Unchained.There are ways to keep your food fresh for longer. And it’s more important as grocery prices continue to rise.
Re-balancing your portfolio can be important from time to time. And right after stocks have moved a good bit might mean it's wise to check your holding. But remember, it's important to keep your time horizon in mind before you make any changes too.
Learn more about your ad choices. Visit megaphone.fm/adchoices
The post 6.30.20 Keep your food fresh longer; Is now a good time to re-balance your retirement portfolio? appeared first on Clark Howard.
In Other NewsWhat is online arbitrage?
The ultimate Black Friday offer! Get 50% off 2 months when you sign up for Diamond.
What is online arbitrage?
Online Arbitrage – [on-line ar-be-trahz] noun:
Online arbitrage is the process of buying products from one online retailer and selling them for a profit on another marketplace. The opportunity exists because of price fluctuation between the retailers and Amazon..Colic
Not all babies are a bundle of joy. Sometimes the first few months of life can be very trying for parents and child. It all begins with prolonged screaming attacks and irritability. These babies have problems feeding, drawing up their legs and going red in the face. This is colic and it usually starts about three months and is often worse in the evening (hence the old names evening colic and three month colic).
Usually the standard remedies such as Infacol, gripe water and Colief have been tried without success. Sometimes swaddling can be a big help.
However most moderate to severe colic is caused by cow’s milk intolerance. The solution, if baby is bottle-fed, is to use an alternative milk (see below) or if mum is breast-feeding, for her to stop taking milk products. Clues to cow’s milk intolerance are catarrh and constipation.
Sometimes it gets much more complicated and other food intolerances are involved. Occasionally these can be multiple. I have seen babies intolerant to a combination of wheat, milk, corn, beef and soya before now. In these situations the solution is an allergy-free formula milk or if mum wants to continue breast-feeding an exclusion diet (See Food Intolerance leaflet).
Allergy-Free Formula Feeds
The first milk to try is lactose-free milk such as SMA LF which works well if the problem is simply a lactose intolerance (Colief will also help with this). However often this is not enough and the next step is to use an allergy-free milk. The two most commonly-used are Nutramigen and Neocate. These work well in cow’s milk intolerance.
Nutramigen is usually given as it is three times less expensive. However Nutramigen contains corn and this can be a problem for a baby with multiple intolerances. So if this is not working switching to Neocate may help.
Finally keep in mind that some of mum’s hormones and neurotransmitters will end up in the breast milk. So if mum is under a lot of stress and pumping out adrenaline this will affect her milk and make baby more irritable too.
About 60% of children with cow’s milk intolerance will be able to tolerate milk by three years of age. However the intolerance may reappear (in another form) if the frequency and quantity of milk products they are given is too high.We are now in high-gear to identify schools within the City of Los Angeles and recruit volunteer organizers! With your help we can double the number
of participating schools from last year, to 100! Please support this partnership of the City of Los Angeles and the Los Angeles Unified School District
by celebrating a truly memorable Walk-tober with a Walk to School Day
by encouraging schools to participate.
We ENCOURAGE you to help recruit schools by sending the following information through your trusted communication channels.
Build awareness, identify candidate schools, recruit organizers
or introduce local school, parents, community
and other candidate organizer contacts to our team!
Forward the attached Walk to School Day Fact Sheet
to those who are or might be ready to walk with us on October 7th.
Join us on Walk to School Day, October 7th!
—Open Access
- FAO, Building a common vision for sustainable food and agriculture - Principles and approaches food and agriculture organization of the united nations (2014) Retrieved from: [Google Scholar]
- FAO, Sustainable agri-food systems in Europe and Central Asia in the context of Climate Change Regional Conference for Europe (2018) Retrieved from: [Google Scholar]
- Rosgidromet of Russia, The second assessment report of Roshydromet on climate change and its consequences on the territory of the Russian Federation. Technical summary (2014) [Google Scholar]
- FAO, The state of food security and nutrition in the world-2018. Improving climate resilience for food security and nutrition (2018) [Google Scholar]
- J.R. Porter, L. Xie, A.J. Challinor, K. Cochrane, S.M. Howden, M.M. Iqbal, D.B. Lobell, M.I. Travasso, Food security and food production systems. In: Climate Change 2014: Impacts, Adaptation, and Vulnerability, pp. 485–533 (2014) [Google Scholar]
- IPCC, Managing the risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation (2012) [Google Scholar]
- J. Beddington, M. Asaduzzaman, M. Clark, A. Fernandez, M. Guillou, M. Jahn, L. Erda, T. Mamo, B.N. Van, C.A. Nobre, R. Scholes, R. Sharma, J. Wakhungu, Achieving food security in the face of climate change. Final report from the Commission on Sustainable Agriculture and Climate Change (2012) [Google Scholar]
- H. Doukas, A. Nikas, M. Gonzalez-Eguino, Sustainability, 10(7), 2299 (2018) [Google Scholar]
- S. Kiselev, R. Romashkin, G. Nelson, D. Mason-D'Croz, A. Palazzo, Economics: The Open-Access, Open Assessment E-Journal, 7, 2013–2039 (2013) [Google Scholar]
- J.B. Hardaker, R.B.M. Huirne, J.R. Anderson, G. Lien, Coping with risk in agriculture: 2nd edition. Oxfordshire (2004) [Google Scholar]
- C. Aydinalp, M.S. Cresser, American-Eurasian journal of agricultural and environmental science, 3, 672–676 (2008) [Google Scholar]
- B.B. Resilience, BioScience, 61(3), 183–193 (2011). [Google Scholar]
- N.M. Svetlov, S.O. Siptits, I.A. Romanenko, Forecasting problems, 4(175), 59–74 (2019). [Google Scholar]
- I. G. Ushachev, A.G. Paptsov, Adaptation of Russian agriculture to global climate change (2015) [Google Scholar]
- N.M. Svetlov, Moscow Economic Journal, 3, 197213 (2018) [Google Scholar]
- O.D. Sirotenko, E.V. Abashina, V.N. Pavlova, Proceedings of the Federal State Budgetary Institution VNIISKHM, 38, 41–53 (2013) [Google Scholar]
- V.N. Pavlova, O.D. Sirotenko, Proceedings of the Main Geophysical Observatory, 565, 132–151 (2012) [Google Scholar]
- FAO, Climate-smart agriculture, Sourcebook (2013) Retrieved from: [Google Scholar]
- IPES-Food, From Uniformity to Diversity: from industrial agriculture to diversified agroecological systems (2016) Retrieved from: [Google Scholar]
- Adaptive landscape farming systems are the basis for optimizing agricultural landscapes, Collection of reports of the All-Russian Scientific and Practical Conference with international participation (VNIIZiZPE, Kursk, September 14-16) pp. 61–65, 96-107 (2016) [Google Scholar]
- V.P. Zvolinsky, Machinery and equipment for the village, 9, 12–14 (2011) [Google Scholar]
- Ministry of Agriculture of Russia, Results of the implementation (2014-2017) of the federal target program "Development of agricultural land reclamation in Russia for 2014-2020" (2018) [Google Scholar]
- V.I. Danilov-Danilyan, V.G. Pryazhinskaya, Problems of forecasting, 2, 62–76 (2007) [Google Scholar]
- J.C. Aerts, W.J.W. Botzen, Glob. Environ. Change, 21(3), 1045–1060 (2011). [Google Scholar]
- J.K. Lazo, M. Lawson, P.H. Larsen, D.M. Waldman, Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society, 92, 709–720 .Tomorrow’s future: today?
Publication: Contact Magazine
Topic: What’s next for 2015
Author: Dave Newbold, Chief Operating and Technical Officer
We’ve all heard the technology cliché in terms of how quickly it moves and innovation unfolds. In this case, the cliché is true: many of the tools that we reach for unconsciously every day have gone from concept to widespread use at lightning speed. In just ten years institutional tech giants like Facebook (created in 2004), Twitter (2006), the iPhone (2007), Dropbox (2008) and the iPad (2010) seem to dominate our worlds.
For this reason it’s fair to predict that the next steps in innovation will be just as fundamental and develop just as fast. If we imagine how quickly the idea of wearable technology became a reality, it’s not hard to see how the latest trend of Smart payment systems promises to make our life easier and will equally make us even more reliant on our devices.
Likewise, with the growth of Machine-to-Machine tech or the “The Internet of Things”: it won’t be long before your fridge will be talking to your online supermarket to restock itself; your teenagers cars will be tracked wherever they go, and your heating will respond automatically to the weather – in fact we’re almost there. Future technologies ultimately promise the convenience to enable you to do more of the things you want to do, when you want to do them.
However, what underpins all of this isn’t just innovation in terms of design and function. Nor is it down to the reach of globalised markets, meaning the same technology and applications that sit on your phone, will also sit on the handset of a student in California, an office manager in Singapore or a street cleaner in Tokyo. It’s actually something more basic and fundamental; which is the availability and provision of fast, robust, data connections.
The right infrastructure as an essential
This is where service providers, such as JT play a vital role. By understanding and anticipating where the future of technology is heading, we can ensure we build the networks that will support our customers’ needs now and in the future. Of course, installing new and robust infrastructure takes time and budget, which is why we also need that foresight to be sure that what we provide not only meets the demands of our customers today, but that it will grow with our customers’ needs, as demand requires it to.
It’s for these reasons that two of JT’s developments and investments next year centre on delivering this very promise; our commitment to extend our fibre-optic network in Guernsey and alongside this; introduce a completely new 4G network across the Channel Islands.
Not everyone agrees. Some telcos around the world are investing in trying to ‘squeeze’ more life out of their existing copper connections, but the reality is that copper networks were originally designed to only support a landline service, not high-speed broadband. Perhaps a little more capacity can be pulled out of them, but they are limited by the basic laws of physics. That’s why we believe the future is fibre.
With regards to our mobile network, it’s fair to say that the Channel Islands are three years behind the UK in introducing 4G – however, by waiting, technology has moved on and we’re now in a position able to install a state-of-the-art network that will provide our customers’ with a superior service compared to that in the UK.
Our 4G network, which we have just begun to install, is built on an LTE Advanced framework – that’s a technical specification that means our network will be faster, more reliable and more powerful than conventional 4G services. It also means that we can adapt more easily to the next generation of mobile data services as and when mobile technology inevitably progresses.
Two big trends – ones to watch
Other trends we’re seeing and expect to grow next year are the merging of seamless connectivity between mobile data, broadband and Wi-Fi.
Seamless connectivity means the ability to start watching a video on your tablet at work (through your office Wi-Fi), continue watching on your mobile while waiting for the bus (through your 4G connection) and then finish on your HD screen at home (through your fibre broadband connection). Indeed some of the latest handsets already have the technology and applications to power this – known as ‘miracasting’.
The streamlining of devices also looks as if it will become a big trend – there are people in my office who have three mobiles, a tablet and a laptop. Add to that the computing power in your Smart TV and desktop and there’s an awful lot of computing hardware that’s potentially redundant at any given time. We expect that to change to the point where we have just one device that is portable and one that isn’t, which in turn should also mean that it reduces costs for consumers too.
However the future unfolds, at JT our vision is to become the partner of choice for global telecommunication innovation and to ensure we anticipate and deliver on these technologies with one priority in mind; the needs of our customers.
To find out more about JT’s products and service why not visitRandom Magic Weapons (any level)
Greataxe
valued at 32,320 gp.
Dancing Ability
A dancing weapon can be loosed (requiring a standard action) to attack on its own. It fights for 4 rounds using the base attack bonus of the one who loosed it and then drops. It never leaves the side of the one who loosed it (never straying more than 5 feet) and fights on even if that creature falls. The wielder who loosed it can grasp it while it is attacking on its own as a free action, but when so retrieved it can't dance (attack on its own) again for 4 rounds.
Aura: Strong transmutation
Caster Level: 15th
Requirements: Craft Magic Arms and Armor, animate objects
Price: +4 bonus
Source: Dungeon Master's Guide v.3.5
[Back]
Stores, Gear & Treasure
About Magic Weapons
About MagicThis guide provides introductory task and user interface descriptions of the Spread Designer for developers using Spread Windows Forms. It describes how to quickly customize a Spread component using the graphical user interface of the Spread Designer.
For a complete list of documentation, refer to the Spread Windows Forms Documentation.BMW 5 series for sale from Japan!BMW 5 series for sale UK registered direct from Japan
£8,995OTR UK Reg
BMW 5 series for sale!
For more information and photos pls click:
Specifications
Engine Petrol
Grade 528I-2.0L-PUSHSTART-2WD-NAV
Chassis No WBAXG32090C593412
Product ID 2227
Manufacture Year 2011
Seats 5
Color BLACK
Transmission Automatic
Registration Year 12/11
Steering Right
Mileage 37k miles
Engine capacity 1997
Recent Vehicles
Browse through the vast selection of vehicles that have recently been added to our inventory.Britten / Billy / Rizoul
Britten / Billy / Rizoul: Folks Songs / Complete Guitar
$14.61 $16.99
Artist: Britten / Billy / Rizoul
Artist: Britten / Billy / Rizoul
Title: Folks Songs / Complete Guitar
Product Type: COMPACT DISCS
The fact that, in all Britten wrote seven volumes of Folk songs attests to his fondness for popular music. Passionate about musical theatre, Jérome Billy skillfully portrays the different characters in the rich musical setting provided by Alain Rizoul's delicate and virtuoso accompaniment. Concert artist and teacher Alain Rizoul has always strived to make his instrument known to audiences beyond the usual aficionados of the guitar. His musical philosophy, with it's inherent humanism, and his desire to broaden the guitar repertoire have quite naturally led to commissions and first performances of contemporary works. A graduate of the Paris Conservatoire, Jerome Billy is passionate about the connections between theater and music. He enjoys performing Mozart operas such as Die Zauberflote, Cosi fan tutte, and Don Giovanni. His theatrical encounters have reinforced his feeling that music and theater are not at all detached, but rather spring from the same source.what is busy lil bee floral?
We are an event only florist that is based in wonderful College Station, TX . What does event only mean? Event only means that we do not have a store front but instead put all our effort and creativity into your wedding or big event. You are our ONLY priority here at Busy Lil Bee! Making your big day look amazing with flowers is all we do! We are always ready and willing to drive to any of our surrounding areas to make your floral ideas come to life! Austin, Houston, and everywhere in between we will gladly come to you to help with all your floral event needs!! We specialize in weddings but no event is too big or too small for us to help you with. Please look through our Featured Events, follow us on Facebook, and email us with any questions you have or if you want to set up an appointment for a consultation.
More on weddings.
More on weddings.
Meet the florist.
Busy Lil Bee floral was started to help me, Jessica, fulfill my dream of doing what I love everyday, working with flowers and putting a little joy in others lives! I have a bachelor's degree from Texas A&M in floral design and can offer what I have learned there and in the industry to help plan your wedding or event. Anything from a small elegant ceremony to a lavish reception we have the skills and creativity to make any event a success! We are committed to listening to you to make your flowers uniquely yours! We would love the opportunity to work with you and tell your story through flowers!
-Jessica
-Jessica
22:21Skating choristers take a break from their singing
21:42Shoppers stun charity for deaf people
20:28Sellstrom: Former Pompey chairman is right for Borough
20:39Aladdin actor makes a surprise visit to Haven
19:55Six things to do in the next 48 hours: December 20 and 21
19:52Obituary: Hayling Island Naval Club president, John Lynch, dies aged 88
19:47Crime Commissioner welcomes more funding for police forces
19:17Admiral urges minister to save ageing patrol ships
18:47The Teletubbies are hosting a live show in Portsmouth
19:09Child is hit by car in Waterlooville after darting into the road
19:09Supermarket donation set to aid events team
15:37Traffic diverted after police called to '˜angry man' on Portsmouth roof
17:56Is your car REALLY insured? Police warning over common policy mistakes that could get your car seized
17:49Aircraft carrier's leak '˜is no big deal' says admiral
19:00Pompey boss on keeping faith with title-winning system
06:00Man appears in court after pedestrian dies in Portsmouth
16:58Crime commissioner '˜welcomes' police funding announcement
20:04BIG READ: Former News reporter who hit the big time
16:07Elvis is coming to Gosport for a Blue Christmas
14:48Elizabeth hopes to dance her way to success in national talent competition
14:34Portsmouth drug dealer who used the dark web to sell thousands of ecstasy tablets is jailed for 16 years
16:00Evans finally provides Pompey's set-piece solution
14:09UPDATE: 11-year-old girl hit by car outside secondary school '˜suffered minor injuries'
13:40dark web case
13:34NOSTALGIA: Young navy recruits captured tying themselves up in knots
06:10Tribute group had a real Groundhog Day at'¨ band's Christmas party
13:04DISH DETECTIVE SPECIAL: Where's the best food at Portsmouth's Commercial Road Christmas market?
12:44Hawkins boost for Pompey
12:19HMS Queen Elizabeth leak '˜won't cost taxpayers a penny'
11:39Armed police set to patrol railways across the country
06:30Festive half triumph caps off excellent running year in style
11:13Portsmouth marathon success to spark triple celebration for Bournemouth star
10:21Talbot's Pompey exit confirmed
10:15Oyster stout video
10:05Warning issued that Hampshire jail is '˜teetering on the edge'
09:45REVIEW: Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs at Mayflower Theatre, Southampton
09:25NATIONAL: Probe launched after boys kick dead snake around streets
08:27WEATHER AND TRAVEL: Very cold start but no accidents reported
07:47Leak discovered on HMS Queen Elizabeth is letting in '˜200 litres of water every hour'
06:00Portsmouth bosses set to unite for a sponsored sleepout to fight homelessness
05:55Get your beach gear on for charity
05:55Fareham College nominated for prestigious national award
05:55More than Â£1,000 is raised for loved boxer
06:00Married couple packaged fake tobacco in cot
06:00Portsmouth woman, 57, sentenced for '˜revenge porn' case
06:00Future Portsmouth dockyard jobs '˜secure' as naval base dry dock is reopened
06:00COMMENT: CEO Sleepout will help show how those less fortunate live
05:55Belief shows in this Pompey team
09:00Campbell: Pompey's Old Trafford triumph made me cry
06:01Jackett: Midfielder can be Pompey's future
20:00ZELLA COMPTON: Dear Santa '“ I'm dreaming of a white goods Christmas
06:00Shake-up on food labels
06:00Print firm facing bankruptcy gets new lease of life
06:00Law firm donates Â£1,000 to Big Gift Shake Up
06:00Banking advice on how to deal with Christmas
06:00Timpson leader speaks at Solent Business Summit
06:00F1's Nicki Shields to host awards
06:06REAL LIFE: I healed myself '“ now I heal others too
11:45FIRST AID: What to do when a loved one suffers a cardiac arrest
06:00THIS WEEK IN 1997: Fathers show their class in women's world of teachingBy providing genuine hometown care; treating our guests, their loved ones, and our staff as family; and integrating our care center into our community; we aspire to actualize our mission of
You'll feel right at home in our warm and welcoming center located in beautiful Macoupin County. With the support of skilled medical staff, our residents thrive through specialized therapy and state-of-the-art technology.
Expert care from dedicated healthcare professionals
We get you home where you belong
Live your best life with the support of Hallmark staff
Every care center has an obligation to provide exceptional care. Committing to provide Genuine Hometown Care means accepting this obligation, with the additional responsibility that doing so in a small town and community entails. We view caring for our friends and neighbors as not only a responsibility, but as an opportunity, one that we strive to live up to every day.
We recognize that our staff are our most important customers. In order to have staff that provide the care our residents deserve, we must provide our staff the tools that they need to do so. We do so holistically, by not just giving them the material tools they require, but the means to truly be fulfilled by their careers. We provide them opportunity to engage with management at all levels, and we are always looking for ways to improve our employee experience. We commit to always doing everything we can to treat our employees like the asset they are, and to treat them the way we would treat our own family members, because they are!
Our goal is to have our facilities be an integral cornerstone of the communities we serve. This is not merely a means to an end, it is an end unto itself. Our communities rely on us and trust in us, and we endeavor to repay that trust by giving back to the communities in innovative and diverse ways.
Experience the Hallmark difference for yourself. Click below to get in touch with our staff and schedule a tour.Tourism in Oakland isn't new. Hell, even in the 1800s, when colonizers settled in the Bay and built San Francisco into a world-class city, Oakland was the other coast—or "contra costa"—where wealthy folks would buy summer vacation homes to get away from the big city.
Nearly 200 years later, tourism in Oakland is still a thing. According to Visit Oakland's 2018 Annual Report, an estimated 3.8 million people visited Oakland in 2017, bringing $668 million along with them (a 6.5% increase from the previous year). Oakland has been mentioned as a top tourism destination in the New York Times, Essence and, most recently, this Travel Noire piece about spending 48 hours in black-owned Oakland.
This Thursday through Saturday, when Oakland hosts this year's AfroTech conference, thousands of new people will become part of that history of tourism in Oakland.
The conference is one of the biggest tech happenings in the United States. You might’ve heard of it—if for nothing else, its mention by Jay-Z in the song "Legacy":
We gon' start a society within a society
That's major, just like the Negro League
There was a time America wouldn't let us ball
Those times are now back, just now called AfroTech
This event or, um, "society within a society," started in 2014. This year will be the first of two scheduled years for it to take place in Oakland. And in 2019, it's set to be one of the largest conferences to happen in the town. today:
Over the weekend, I pulled up the spent Summer vegetables plants and tilled the soil. I’m about to plant my Fall veggies. Stay tuned!
@krwatson6 Daftar Situs Judi Slot Online Resmi | Judi Online
One from the judi slot online websites has become a trust for gamblers outside and within Indonesia. This largest online slot gambling agent is now official among lovers of gambling online agents in 2021. The advantages of registering online slot gambling agents will also be very profitable and also have indeed been shown. In the game, this list of official online slot gambling agents is quite easy to play. So don’t be surprised if everyone is now very busy joining EGP88, the greatest online slot gambling in 2021.
In the state run Indonesian online slot gambling agent game. There are many strategies to winning to determine every online slot gambling agent player. If for novices who wish to play slot gambling, they should understand every official online slot gambling machine, there exists a connection line or payment channel contained in the center of the screen of the state run online slot gambling agent machine, and also offline slot gambling. Because every player contains the to certainly get the jackpot. The prizes furnished by the largest online slot gambling agents can also be good and vary in nominal.
EGP88 recommends the official slot gambling agent that already has the biggest jackpot award and contains a very quality value. So for newbies who want to play, it is possible to directly register the biggest online gambling site and the state 2021 Indonesian online slot gambling agent. EGP88 also provides promos every single day that you are able to take precisely what are you currently looking forward to, come join now.
History of Indonesian Online Slot Gambling Sites
EGP88 is an Indonesian online slot gambling site. Technology is growing rapidly in Indonesia’s official online slot gambling site. Online slot gambling sites present internet technology which can be rapidly developing on earth of online gambling centers. Making land-based slot gambling games can now be accessed via your Android or iOS smartphone.
This online slot gambling site game is quite good to play. Because most people now make money from EGP88, the Indonesian online slot gambling site. Official online slot gambling sites can indeed be relied on for jackpot profits or large bonuses. Regardless of how to learn this slot gambling site, it is incredibly simple and easy to understand by many people. So to win the state slot gambling site is quite easy and EGP88 now offers fantastic prizes and promos.
The first-time land-based slots were created for actual money betting with a land-based casino. But now times have changed and also this modern slot game continues to be very sophisticated released by EGP88 Indonesian online slot gambling site. So for people who like to learn gambling online sites, there’s no need to attend land casinos anymore. Because egp88 issued the most practical and simple slot games gain access to via the internet.
The appearance of online slot gambling sites has been developed from time to time, egp88 makes graphics and variations with this online slot gambling. So that it provides comfort when playing online slots. Not only that, online slot sites are getting to be a track record of several companies and develop online slot gambling games.
So there’s no need to doubt that this online slot gambling game is the reality to your victory and success in official Indonesian online slots. You can get various benefits with EGP88 which is very efficient and extremely profitable for novices if you wish to join us.Alexis Miller
From Unofficial Handbook of the Virtue Universe
Personality
Beneath a controlled, cool exterior beats the heart of the deeply intense Alexis. Passionate, penetrating, and determined, this girl will probe until they reach the truth. May not speak volumes or show emotions readily, yet rest assured there's an enormous amount of activity happening beneath the surface. Alexis is always aware. When it comes to resourcefulness, this girl comes out ahead.
Her life
Born and raised in Galway Ireland, Alexis was apart of a middle class family. An average life all the way up through college. However when loan sharks came knocking on the door for money her mother couldn't pay, her life changed dramatically. They took Alexis from her parents when she was 23 years old. Saying the deal was if the money couldn't be paid back Alexis would be taken no matter how old she was when they came. She was thrown in to the middle of the Irish Mob, they abused Alexis and tormented her until she could finally be broken in to a fighter. Once a normal college grad now a well trained hitwoman to take out the Mob's competition and rough up those who owe them money.
As bad as things were for Alexis, it only got worse. Scientists approached the mob asking to use some of their lower ranking members as experiments. She was one of the many to be chosen, it was a super human project that later was shut down for being illegal and dangerous. Alexis came out a lucky person most ended up dying or turning in to horrid monsters. In her case her bones became hollow and porous giving her an ability to move faster and have better reflexes. She became a problem for the mob, or they were afraid what she could do to them now. False information flew around, soon Alexis was given a burn notice and a wanted woman to be killed. Catching wind of her demise, Alexis flew the scene and has been on the run ever since. To help hide herself better, she goes by the last name Miller
Last seen
- Alexis had been last seen spending time at the Wyld at heart bar and Bottom's Up strip club in Shark Head.
- Has been apart of the Irish Mob for a few years before they placed a hit on her. Alexis is a kill on sight target to anyone looking for her since her leave from the mob.!
People usually tell me the names of flowers if I post the photos on Facebook. I don’t even know the name of this one in the picture. Any ideas?
It’s sunny today and the weather forecast is good. The circulation in my hands isn’t very good though and so my fingers are cold. I must type faster! It’s quite warm outside, but cool in the shade. It is forecast to be much warmer this afternoon so I’ll be out finishing the lawn.
I need to get rid of those brambles, so if you have any ideas, do share them. In the meantime, I’ll attack them with secateurs. I need some gardening gloves though. I searched the internet and it seems they have them in Poundland. The market is on today and so I could kill two birds with one stone! The traffic will be bloody horrendous though. It’s Friday!
I have one of those little greenhouse things, with runner beans in, growing quite well now. It’s a bit late for them, but I might get some beans in August and September. They must be about a foot high now. We have to try to grow some food for ourselves. I will have some apples on the trees this year too.
I must try to put my new barbecue together this weekend. The supermarkets will be stocking up on burgers and charcoal this weekend as everyone thinks about barbecues. next weekend the carnivals are on around here, so if it’s good weather they’ll go to the carnivals in the day and have barbecues in the evening. Last summer was a washout and the carnivals were cancelled. Summers in England can be really good, not too hot, but warm enough to walk around and enjoy it. We even get a bit of a tan in a good year.
The other good idea for a proper English summer is a picnic. By a weird coincidence that was the subject of my blog post today on a Zillion ideas. Picnic ideas are always popular. Why not click the link and take a look at those ideas? Please share your ideas in the comments box too.
Don’t forget, you can also follow me on Twitter.
I always love reading you blogs but today you hit on something I have only recently discovered … growing my own food.
I started 4 years ago when I moved here to wales with the usual Potatoes & carrots.
Next I added cabbage & sweet peas, then Tomatoes and finally last year I had great success with Broccoli and cauliflower too.
Today I have admired the flowers on my sweet peas knowing that soon there will be raw peas to enjoy (for some reason they taste like nuts when raw?).
My broccoli are growing strong and I cant wait to pick my first floret.
Potatoes, carrots, cabbage, lettuce & Tomatoes are of course doing their thing … but every morning I can’t wait to say hello to my sprouts! lol
I don’t know what to expect, what will they look like, will they even grow?
I’m a virgin sprout grower you see. And so excited!
I have never liked being in the garden because I have always suffered with hay fever, but I made long wooden boxes to grow veg opposite the kitchen window & each year I have made more.
As long as I don’t linger to long at the top of the garden where flowers, grass & weeds grow, I’m fine.
There is nothing like the taste of freshly dug potatoes, carrots, leeks, Cauliflower & spring onions. Freshly picked Tomatoes, cabbage, lettuce and broccoli.
What will the sprouts taste like? Have you seen ho they grow? Amazing!
I’m buzzing with excitement.
And I hate snails!
Keep up all these amazing blogs, its better than any daily paper or gossip mags!
5, July 2013 at 10:03 pm
Hi Tia,
I didn’t get much done today. The new strimmer has a 2 stroke engine and the damn thing wouldn’t start. I tried the electric one and that’s broken! I’ll have another go tomorrow. I’ll ask my brother to have a go at starting that engine. I have health problems. I’m better than I was, but lupus is affecting my muscles. I’m saving egg shells for the slug and snails!
I was talking about the carnival today. I’ll try to photograph it. I asked one of the students I talk to if she wanted to come, but she thinks she’s working. She’s here from China, studying at Wolverhampton uni. The weather looks promising. I’m hoping to photograph pubs and narrow boats this weekend.
I’m writing a little less on this blog now and trying to build up a zillion ideas. I’m putting the better photos on there too!
5, July 2013 at 10:37 pm
As long as you don’t stop writing here completely Mike!
I really must go and look at your Zillion ideas.
11, July 2013 at 10:27 am
Hi Tia,
I am making these posts more locally orientated and a Zillion Ideas a little more international. I still have in mind to promote the Black Country though. This blog has a lot of subscribers, so I’ll keep writing for them. I should be in the park on Saturday. I feel crap at the moment, but probably nerves. I have a hospital appointment in 3 hours!
11, July 2013 at 12:41 pmHello everyone,
We are group of 4 People who are keen to create good and quality content for you.
we create latest updates on Government Jobs, Jobs in Assam, Latest Released Admit Cards, Results, Time Table’s, Exam Dates and Other Things Regarding Education Trending on the Internet.
Disclaimer
We Try to Provide Best and Accurate Information to our readers, but sometimes there are some fake news or something going around the web, if anyone of us post any information which is factually incorrect kindly contact us at @ nrhmassam.in@gmail.com. we will try to rectify it as soon as possible.
We are not responsible for any step taken by any user visiting our Website, kindly carefully read notifications before applying for any post.Recommended Vendors
We proudly work with local businesses in our area. Provided, is a list of our vendor recommendations who would be honored to work your next event!
Catering
Catering By Liz
If you are looking for great food, outstanding service and affordable prices Catering By Liz is a great choice!
326 E Adrian St.
Blissfield, MI 49228
Phone: 517-486-6200
Forestview Lanes-Recreation Bar and Grill
This is a one stop shop for amazing food , great drinks and tons of fun! They are committed to quality and have a very good catering menu!
2345 W. Dean Rd.
Temperance, MI 48182
Ph. 734-847-4915
Sidelines Sports Eatery
Great eatery and pub that is known locally for their great food!
8116 Secor rd
Lambertville, MI 48144
Phone: 419-260-6610
Tent Rentals
Meradith Party Rentals
They have been serving Northwest Ohio and Southeast Michigan for over 27 years.
730 North Westwood Ave Toledo, OH 43607
Phone: 419-531-9977
American Rent-All
Friendly, reliable rental company that has everything you need for your event!
1015 Holland Park Boulevard.
Holland, OH 43528
Ph. 419-867-6750
Ida Party Tent Rental
Very Friendly, party rental company with many tents to choose from!
Ida West rd
Ida, MI 48140
Phone: 734-269-2721
Photography
b. Artistry Photography
Our goal is to photograph you at your best to share for generations to come.
3055 Lewis Ave Unit 4
Ida, MI 48140
Phone: 734-735-2318
Only In Focus Photography LLC
Personalized photography with great pricing!
Newport, MI
Phone: 419-509-6156
Venues
Dusseau's Reception Center
Mark and Kathy Dusseau currently manage the family business along with the full-service catering company. The great food, warm and polite staff, and reasonable prices all make Dusseau’s a great place for your upcoming event.
12200 Lewis Avenue
Temperance, MI 48182
Phone: 734-269-2073
American Legion Hickory Park
The American Legion post is located just outside of Ida, MI. They host Lovey events in their attractively laid out hall. Enjoy great wood posts and a large stage for your entertainment!
11601 Lewis Avenue Temperance, MI 48182
Phone: 734-347-0234
Barn Venues
Liberty Farm of Lambertville, LLC
Beautiflully landscaped 2 acre venue with a restored barn built in 1856! Host your next event here and enjoy lush gardens that were featured on the Bedford Garden Tour.
8243 Monroe Rd
Lambertville, MI 48144
Phone: 734-807-0999
Matthes Tree Farm
Family owned an operated tree farm for over 50 years! Guests can enjoy around 80 acres of pines, a petting zoo, a heated barn, and during the holiday season a real Santa Clause!
13416 Lulu Rd.
Ida, MI 48140
Phone: 734-269-2668
Homemade
Products
Damn Good
Candles
Beautiful homemade candles that can be customized to match most color theme events! Scents can be added for a special flair!
Toledo, OH
Ph. 419-779-8402
Knapik Custom Creations
Looking for that custom gift that can make someone feel special? Knapik custom creations prides themselves on creativity which is why they work with you to create what you need! Wonderful products made by a wonderful couple!
Suder Ave.
Erie, MI 48133
Ph. 734-347-7706THE PAVILION
Llandarcy's Trio of Brands
Campaign all designed, created and managed by Picseli
The Pavilion Llandarcy is a new and exciting restaurant and sports bar. The perfect place to sit back, relax and enjoy a meal, drink or the latest sports events in a classic but modern atmosphere.
Picseli manage and maintain full online and offline marketing for the Pavilion. We produced key marketing material at the launch of the Pavilion, this included everything from website to graphic design and print. Picseli are heavily involved and often meet with the Pavilion to discuss upcoming marketing strategies.
Want to talk graphic or web design with us?
Call 01792 222302 or email mike@picseli.co.uk
- Category : Graphic Design
- Client : Pavilion
- Business : Food & Drink
- Location : Swansea, WalesCamp Twitch and Shout and Brad were featured on CNN on June 13, 2009.
Learn more about Camp Twitch and Shout at
Cheers, Brad
Tags: Brad Cohen, Camp Twitch and Shout, CNN
Camp Twitch and Shout and Brad were featured on CNN on June 13, 2009.
Learn more about Camp Twitch and Shout at
Cheers, Brad
Tags: Brad Cohen, Camp Twitch and Shout, CNNuly 4th, 2009 at 9:51 am
Congrats Brad, so very happy that you have been seen for the educator you are in & out of the classroom. This camp will be a huge success for you. There are so many children who will gain self esteem out of this.
We just moved to Tenn. & when I contacted the principal of the school she informed me that there is another child at the school that has Tourettes and the parents of the other child are willing to meet us & our son to give them a helping hand when in school. How wonderful!
You have made such a HUGE difference in our home now that my son (8) has been able to see the movie & know that he is not the only one out there.
We purchased 5 copies of the movie. 1 for each teacher my children had, & 1 for our use.
Thank you.
Love & Blessings,
MarylouVic Firth Corpsmaster SLB Lee Beddis Marching Snare Sticks
Vic Firth
Shipping international restrictions confirmation
The Vic Firth Corpsmaster SLB Lee Beddis Marching Snare Sticks feature.
Corpsmaster Signature Marching Snare Sticks are turned in hickory for strength and power. Each model was conceived through extensive discussion and research with the finest percussion instructors. The designs are a reflection of their musical requirements in terms of balance, feel, and sound color.
Length = 17"
Diameter = .700"How To Spot An Angel Of Death In The Wild
A common form of female psychosis...
John is a ruggedly handsome introvert with a heart of gold. He was born the bastard child of a prostitute who abandoned him at age 3 to pursue an acting career in the big city. The acting career never really took off. He enjoys music, drugs, alcohol, sex, and solitude.
Send this to a friendBest Epoxy Flooring Contractors in Sunrise, Florida (FL)
Metallic Epoxy Garage, Commercial, and Industrial Coatings
Metallic epoxy, in particular, should not be compared to a standard epoxy flake or a solid color epoxy flooring with a high-performance industrial appearance. Metallic epoxy floor coatings cost between $7 and $12 per square foot, depending on the size, nature of the surface, and location of the plant.
Epoxy Garage, Commercial, and Industrial Coatings
Many people are unaware that a vibrant epoxy floor is accessible. Epoxy floors are often used in factory buildings due to their longevity, but they do not have to be as drab as they normally are in other industrial settings. Epoxy is used in a variety of colors and textures. For further details, please contact us if you require our services in Sunrise, Florida.
Epoxy Flake Garage, Commercial, and Industrial Coatings
There are no more debris-gathering holes in panel floors or grout streaks in tile floors. With an epoxy flake floor, you can quickly clean it. Flake flooring appeals because it has all of the advantages of an epoxy floor, including flexibility, cleanliness, hardiness, and chemical tolerance. You will end up with a beautiful and enticing floor with a great finish. Bear in mind that, relative to other flooring options, epoxy flooring is one of the most affordable in terms of prices.
Liquid Marble Designer Garage, Commercial, and Industrial Floor Coatings
If you are searching for a trained liquid marble designer coating installer, certain companies would go to great lengths to under-quote the job so they can get it. They can, however, take shortcuts to make a profit on the work; traditional shortcuts include a) little to no preparation. b) the use of low-cost or low-quality epoxies c) the application of thin layers d) not filling up any cracks or holes e) not leveling or smoothing the wall.
Concrete Polishing
The type of shine that can be achieved in certain cases of concrete polishing is determined by the condition of the concrete surface. When it comes to removing coatings and glues, a cream polish is normally not an option. When cleaning and grinding glues and coats, the cream polish must also be stripped. These constraints must be understood by clients.
Epoxy Quartz, Commercial and Industrial Floor Coatings
The outstanding consistency of the quartz flooring is attributed to a cutting-edge polyurea structure. This concrete polyurea coating scheme has 5 different layers for ultimate strength, including a topcoat and basecoat that is particularly useful in damp or wet areas. The polyurea-based quartz method is much more durable than epoxy or traditional concrete, and it offers several benefits not seen in any other form of flooring.
Epoxy Countertop Coatings
You should be assured that the right epoxy countertops will not only turn heads but can also have superior protection and need minimal maintenance for several years. If you are a homeowner, a company owner, or a maintenance supervisor for a commercial or industrial style firm, we have the epoxy countertop system to suit your needs.
Liquid Marble Designer Countertop Coatings
When your kitchen countertops are stone polished or epoxy coated, you will not need to brush them with expensive granite shiners. See how Garage Epoxy Floor Pros of Sunrise, Florida will turn your old kitchen into a one-of-a-kind statement with custom epoxy kitchen countertops!
Metallic Epoxy Countertop Coatings
A craftsman is often required to apply the epoxy and the appropriate layers. Years of planning and hundreds of projects are needed to learn the technique for applying epoxy with a perfectly even finish that is free of bubbles, leaks, peeling, and staining. Contact us to get your dream epoxy metallic countertop coatings.
There are so many areas or regions where we offer these services with most of them being cities.
However, if you need any of these services, you need to contact us. The list below comprises the areas where we offer these services.More than 20 players have been signed or re-signed by the Raiders since the 2019 season ended. Now that all the contracts have been finalized, it’s worth taking a look at where the team stands in regard to the salary cap. Raiders head coach Jon Gruden and general manager Mike Mayock got a jump on
If they were not willing to pony up for CB Jones, I doubt they do it for Clowney either. Not saying our Raiders lowballed Jones, but getting to that 18m+/yr for a non QB is something we might be looking at, possibly down the road, for one of our home grown players should they become that great of a player.
I think Mayock and Gruden have done a very good job this year. Nassib and Collins could be looked at as relatively inexpensive signings by the end of the season. Both have the opportunity to get plenty of playing time.
And I will say it again, I think Marinelli will get our D line running on all cylinders. Even if we do face a shortened camp, ota’s and preseason.
As is the case every year at this time of the year, I like what Mayock did in FA for the defense, but I wonder why they are not re-signing Dion Jordan. I liked picking him up last year, but am curious as to why the reluctance to sign him.
I had wondered about that too, he was a player that Gruden said they wanted back.
How about Compton at Line Backer in the same bracket? Looked like a better player than some we have brought back at the spot. As so often, an apparent difference between what is said about players and the actions taken to keep them or let them test the water.
Ah, yes, Andy, thank you for the reminder about Compton. Agree with you there.
With a guy like Jordan, it could simply be a matter of letting him test the market, finding out that he can’t get the huge payday he envisioned, then re-signing him on the cheap. Happens with a handful of players each year.
There’s a reason Clowney is not signed by anyone. Cost exceeds his value. He shows up in some games, in many others, he does not.
Washington signed with the chiefs.We'll refund you in full if you can't travel due to Covid-19 governmental changes in travel restrictions. Details here.
Find large holiday homes in Justicia, Madrid, Spain and book your next getaway. Our homes come fully furnished with the best-equipped kitchens, multiple bathrooms, and all linen included. Book today and enjoy a short or extended stay in one of our top large holiday homes in Justicia, Madrid, Spain. Our friendly team of Plum Experts are on-hand 24/7 should you need anything.Alvarado Water Treatment Plant
Expansion of the water treatment plant in San Diego began in 2008. The project is expected to take 20 years and will be completed in five phases. The new facility will have a daily filtration capacity of 800,000 m³, approximately double the current size. The upgraded facility is expected to meet the needs of San Diego’s growing population through at least 2030 and the facility has an expected lifetime of 75 years.
The Alvarado plant is one of three that serve San Diego residents. The first phase was to enhance chemical treatment facilities and pumping systems at a cost of $65 million. Phase 2 includes installation of the plant’s flocculation and sedimentation basins and an upgrade of the electrical and control systems of the plant’s eight original filters. Phase 3 increases plant capacity from 150 MGD to 200 MGD (million gallons a day).
The remaining phases will add major ozone treatment facilities, including ozone generators. The fifth and final phase will involve shoreline landscaping, storm water management facilities, and backup pumps and generators.
Euclid Creek Storage Tunnel
In Cleveland, Ohio, the Euclid Creek storage tunnel, part of a larger network of underground tunnels, is being built to significantly reduce sewage overflows. Cleveland’s sewers were built at the turn of the 19th century and carried sewage, industrial waste and storm water or “Combined Sewer Overflows” (CSO) in a single pipe. During heavy rains this mixture of wastewater and storm water would overflow into the area’s waterways including Lake Erie and Euclid Creek.
The $204 million upgrade project will add 18,000 feet of tunnel with a diameter of 24 feet and have a capacity to hold 70 million gallons of CSO.
William Jack Hernandez Sport Fish Hatchery
The state of Alaska has three main fisheries that the Department of Fish and game use each year to stock almost 100 Alaska lakes with “catchable-size” Rainbow Trout, Arctic Char, Chinook Salmon and Grayling.
A new facility called the William Jack Hernandes hatchery at joint base Elmendorf Richardson in Anchorage was built at a cost of $100 million. The new hatchery employs water warming technology that helps the hatchery grow fish faster and bigger, increasing the number of catchable (10″ or longer) fish for sports fishermen. Sport fishing in Alaska is a big business.
Lake Oswego Interceptor Sewer (LOIS)
The original Lake Oswego interceptor sewer was built in the 1960s. It is submerged 14 to 21 feet below the surface of the lake and includes 13,000 feet of 16 to 36 inch diameter pipe running from one end of Lake Oswego to the other. There are an additional 5,000 feet of smaller diameter trunk sewers in canals and bays around the lake. LOIS collects flows from over 4,500 acres of service area.
The project is working to increase the capacity by increasing pipe size and soundness. Many of the original lines installed in the lake were supported by steel piles which have corroded or weakened significantly. The current structure is believed to be seismically vulnerable.
Replacement pipe will be buoyant pipe attached to bottom anchors and tethers floating 8 to 17 feet from the bottom of the lake.
My Waterway Punggol, Singapore
Punggol, Singapore, used to be a fishing village surrounded by poultry farms and vegetable plantations. It is now a new residential town and the purpose of the Waterway Park is to provide residents with a recreational setting. The waterway traverses the town center and the coastal promenade includes open space seafood restaurants and stores.
The waterway and bridges create a walking, inline skating or biking route 5.2 miles (8.4 km long). There is a large event space used for festivals and other special occasions.
The following video shows some of these recent civil engineering projects.Utah includes the South Colorado Plateau and the Central Rocky Mountains to the southeast, besides the northwest ridge and basin region that includes numerous salt beds and the Great Salt Lake. Utah is pretty, and its shining stars are Provo and Salt Lake City. There is everything in Utah that is the favorite of many. There are slopes, expanding the TRAX system, diverse dining, and the best hospitals offering hormone therapy Utah.
Hormones
Hormones are produced naturally by the endocrine system in your body. This includes the endocrine system, such as the pituitary, pancreas, adrenal glands, and thyroid. These are the chemicals running through the bloodstream of your body. It helps in carrying out different jobs within the body in various organs. Hormones normalize all your body cells. The hormones include insulin, estrogen, testosterone, cortisol, thyroid hormone, and epinephrine.
Researchers found that hormones fuel the cancers, and it is unknown when it grows. Blocking the action of the hormones means you may prevent the growth of cancer. A few ways that you can avoid this from happening include:
- Block the acting of hormones. Certain hormones connect to the receptors of the cells and trigger the activity of the cells. Blocking the receptors using another compound means the hormones cannot connect to the receptors.
- Preventing hormone produce. Using medication, hormone production may be blocked, or another option is to undergo surgery to eliminate the organ producing the hormone. For instance, the production of estrogen may be decreased significantly by removing the ovaries surgically.
- Eliminate hormone cell receptors so that hormones cannot attach or activate the cell receptor.
Hormone therapy helps to treat cancers as hormone replacement therapy. The hormone’s actions are blocked by ‘hormone therapy Utah.’ However, hormone replacement therapy is not a treatment for cancer. It gives hormones the possibility of replacing that the body is unable to produce any longer. This is done as the treatment for menopause-related symptoms.
Hormone Therapy
The hormone therapy is given to treat prostate and breast cancers, and it is established through clinical trials. Hormone therapy is given as:
- Medication to be taken orally, by mouth.
- In the form of an injection in the muscle or under the skin.
- Surgically by removing the women’s ovaries or men’s testicles, thus the production of the hormones is decreased.
The hormone therapy Utah by many patients is regarded to be less potent in comparison to chemotherapy. However, it is effective in prostate and breast cancers. Nevertheless, the hormone therapy is referred to as ‘systemic therapy’ mainly because it travels in the body. Radiation and surgery therapy is regarded as ‘local treatments.’
How to Understand if Hormone Therapy is Functional for Me?
Patients have to take MRI scans, CT scans, and PET scans to see if the tumor is the same, shrunk or grown. If the therapy is functional, you can anticipate the level to decrease. However, when the patient’s symptoms decrease, it is possible to understand if the medications help in shrinking the tumor. However, it can be rightly understood only when you consult the doctor..
12 Items
- Culina Fonte LED Cabinet Light Cool White CUL-21626SKU: CUL-21626£11.03 £9.19Add to Cart
- Culina Fonte LED Cabinet Light Daylight CUL-25219SKU: CUL-25219£11.03 £9.19Add to Cart
- Culina Fonte LED Cabinet Light Warm White CUL-25319SKU: CUL-25319£11.03 £9.19Add to Cart
- £9.50 £7.92Add to Cart
- £9.50 £7.92Add to Cart
- £9.50 £7.92Add to Cart
- Culina Lago LED Wedge Light Cool White CUL-21627SKU: CUL-21627£11.03 £9.19Add to Cart
- Culina Lago LED Wedge Light Daylight CUL-25220SKU: CUL-25220£11.03 £9.19Add to Cart
- Culina Lago LED Wedge Light Warm White CUL-25320SKU: CUL-25320£11.03 £9.19
12 ItemsWebinar Host With Clickfunnels free of charge.
Clickfunnels wants to accredit these courses from you and those things undoubtedly aren’t inexpensive when it’s the services and products they offer each and. Webinar Host With Clickfunnels.
Well its quite simple, all you need to do is to buy Funnel Contractor.
Webinar Host With Clickfunnels
Never ever pay full new member and the earnings essentially come from those new members that sign up. – Webinar Host With Clickfunnels.
Webinar Host looking for a quality website that uses all rounded alternatives.
One thing we get asked for our review is why Clickfunnels prices is a lot? As mentioned before and much of its work contracted out as it’s an all online company – Webinar Host With Clickfunnels. When you pay them your money is not only used to pay these workers in locations such as support, research & development and design however also the physical cost to host your website and spend for things such as SSL security.
Webinar Host With Clickfunnels
It’s simple to end up being rapidly overwhelmed by the work involved and the expense of everything especially when initially beginning out and checking out starting your own site. Depending on your requirements and what you’re offering will figure out popularity alone. It is for this reason a knock on impact has actually happened and now manages to market itself just by being there. It has extremely competitive pricing, started early on to develop an excellent grip and filled a space in the online marketing industry. You can learn plan structure and includes that you may wish to jump on without having to sleep over them.
Webinar Host With Clickfunnels
MORE SALES! Here are some of the options listed below: Leadpages is a simple drag-and-drop landing pages tool that also incorporates with many other marketing functionalities. encouraging community ClickFunnels supplies.
is a landing page developer that is significant for building only landing pages and looking after your CRO. Just.
Webinar Host With Clickfunnels
Instapage is among the very best landing page tools on the marketplace which has one sole objective of assisting you produce and evaluate stunning, must state that ClickFunnels and Kartra are solidly driven in helping you to succeed online, however one should be genuinely much better than the other, ideal? I still choose incredible help to entrepreneurs providing funnel building service and several online marketing training.
Webinar Host With Clickfunnels
To make certain you get the finest during your trial make certain you get my extensive professional course on ClickFunnels including over 40 video lessons. No, you do not require to a have a site to utilize ClickFunnels due to the fact that you’re supplied with everything you require to build, grow and make sales in your service.
The finest and simple method to promote ClickFunnels is to try to find small business owners who need an option like ClickFunnels in their company (but not yet conscious), share the advantages and reveal them how the software can assist grow their service (Webinar Host With Clickfunnels). ClickFunnels can assist you offer your skills or your physical items on autopilot and further gives you the required tools, resources, and training to help you serve an audience and generate income online in return.
ClickFunnels is simple to utilize and understandable sales funnel constructing register for the complimentary affiliate Bootcamp where you gain from extremely affiliates – Webinar Host With Clickfunnels.
Webinar Host With Clickfunnels
My very first 2 months of coming on board was a bit difficult for me since I needed to determine how ClickFunnels works all by myself. Since then it has been a remarkable experience. However I wouldn’t want for anybody throw in a few of these little rewards you see below plus my CF Specialist Course consisting of beneficial decision on whether to think about ClickFunnels or not? How about getting more aid with these bonuses to assist you make more money and succeed using ClickFunnels? Here is what you will get:– I will direct and assist you in getting the finest from this software application (it can be confusing sometimes).
Webinar Host With Clickfunnels
No longer available! My thorough precise Facebook ads that 40 of the leading internet entrepreneurs are running right now. Each and every of this bonus will go a long way in assisting you accomplish more using ClickFunnels and certainly help you in getting results in your service. You can take a look at the specific perk information in the ClickFunnels bonus page and see how to get them. Clickfunnels has a library of totally free and exceptional landing page templates for you to choose from. These landing pages are all totally enhanced and produced to convert, ensuring they engage with your users and help you achieve your goals. Clickfunnels is a landing page contractor that understands what converts consumers and what does not, so utilizing these design templates will provide you an enormous advantage over your competitors.
Developed to make the creation expert and stylish sales funnels.
Webinar Host With – Webinar Host With Clickfunnels.– Select background colors, images, or videos for your sales funnels.– Within the editor, you can include a variety of innovative type types to your funnels. These include an SMS sign up type, study kind, and shipping and billing address types.
— Show confident with coding, you can add your own customized CSS designs to your page (this isn’t mandatory but a great additional for those who desire it). As you can see, the Clickfunnels editor uses much in the way of use, tools, and functions, making sure that, you develop stunning and highly transforming sales funnels.IP., occupation, industry, income, work status, education, migration, place of work, type of housing, disability / veteran status, household appliances, and housing characteristics). Recent work using IPUMS USA has looked at sex-based income differentials, housing security based on geographic location, family formation patterns, employment outcomes for women and migrants, and intergenerational economic mobility. For additional papers published using IPUMS USA data, seePeace and Sport celebrates the International Day of Sport for Development and Peace all around the world
Peace and Sport is celebrating the 6th edition of April6, the International Day of Sport for Development and Peace (IDSDP), with inspiring projects all around the world and the #WhiteCard digital campaign that will end during the FISE Hiroshima on the April 19. Celebrations were organized in 109 countries, involving a rich diversity of actors such as governments, international federations, National Olympic Committees, NGOs, Champions for Peace, athletes, schools… So far, the Monaco-based organization generated a worldwide mobilization with more 800 projects registered on platform.
This year, the mobilisation started with Peace and Sport official launching of the 2019 #WhiteCard campaign from the island of Cyprus, during the Friendly Football Day that gathered Turkish Cypriot and Greek Cypriot communities, on the 19th of March. Didier Drogba, Peace and Sport Vice-President, send a message to the international community calling for a global and massive mobilization around the symbol of the #WhiteCard in the framework of the International Day of Sport for Development on April6.
Didier Drogba, Peace and Sport Vice-President, said:
“Because sport is affecting our society or because our society affects sport, let me kindly remind you to raise your #WhiteCard. Because as athletes,we are role models and we have the responsibility to show the example, I personally invite sportspersons to join the #WhiteCard movement to promote peace-through-sport.”
A worldwide mobilization
This year, Peace and Sport spured an outstanding mobilization in 109 countries, especially in Pakistan, Estonia, Georgia or Mexico, where a wide range of actors like TV channels, schools, associations, athletes, national leagues, official representatives, National Olympic Committees took part to the campaign in very creative ways. In Vatican, for instance, the “Marathon Mass” joined the movement with #WhiteCard pictures taken inside the Basilica and in the iconic Piazza del Popolo, one of the most beautiful places in Rome.
For the third consecutive year, the Guatemalan Olympic Committee, FUNOG and Peace and Sport were partners of the Peace and Sport Forum for the Americas aiming at promoting the positive values of sport in Latin America. This year, Peace and Sport’s President and Founder Mr. Joël Bouzou led the Panel Session “Sport as a catalyst for peace”. Additionally, 120 youngsters took part in a Sport Simple workshop.
Joël Bouzou, President and Founder of Peace and Sport declared:
“This year, once again, so many countries came together to promote peace through sport and celebrate the International Day of Sport for Development and Peace. It is more than ever important to develop initiatives that foster the values of fair play, mutual respect, civic engagement and team spirit.”
Committed Champions for Peace
Champions for Peace celebrated April6, generating a huge mobilization amongst children and youngsters. Marc Raquil, Champion for Peace and World Champion in the men’s 4 x 400m relay, animated a conference in front of 400 students during the “Rally Princess Charlene” organized by the Department of Education, Youth and Sport (DENJS) in collaboration with Peace and Sport, the Princess Charlene of Monaco Foundation, the APEM (Parent-Teacher Association of Monaco) and the Monegasque Anti-doping Committee, on April 5.
Champions for Peace Tegla Loroupe and Honey Thaljieh participated to an event organized by Save the Dream and the International Olympic Truce Center (IOTC) in Berlin, on April 6-7. This event aims to share and develop ideas on the use of sport to promote inter-cultural dialogue, peace and reconciliation.
Honey Thaljieh, Former Captain of the Palestinian National Women’s Football Team and Champion for Peace said:
“I grew up in a war zone and I experienced living in a country divided by a wall. But I also experienced the power of sport to break walls down and to bring people together. I am glad to share this message with youngsters here in Berlin.”
Champion for Peace and kickboxing World Champion Zsolt Moradi shared his inspiring experience with children in a series of kickboxing workshops towards 200 young Syrian refugees in Za’atari camp in Jordan. Peace and Sport also organized Sport Simple activities fostering positive values such as team spirit, acceptance, equity and dialogue. Altogether, participants waved a gigantic #WhiteCard. This event was organized in partnership with the Jordanian NOC, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), IRD Bluemont, the International Kickboxing Federation (WAKO), the International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF), the International Cheer Union (ICU) and the International Table Soccer Federation (ITSF).
About the International Day of Sport for Development and Peace
On 23 August 2013, with the support of the International Olympic Committee, the UN General Assembly. The following year, Peace and Sport launched the #WhiteCard digital campaign and the platform in order to create a global movement for the International Day of Sport for Development and Peace and highlight the positive power of sport. Since then, both initiatives have met great success. Over the last five years, the platform has registered 3010 projects from 182 different countries.Micro fibre cloths are crucial to be used with our sanding and polishing kits , it’s important to wipe excess polish with a microfibre cloth . Sold in packs of 5 ,10 or 15 packs
We offer international shipping on request , please email us today for a shipping quote info@healthofmindart.com
Create an account today and start earning points to put towards future purchases, it takes 1 minute Team
Social Worker - Adults Community Team - South West England - £30 per hour
Liquid Personnel are currently recruiting a Social Worker to join the Adults Community Team based in South West England.
This is an exciting opportunity for a Social Worker to join a well-established team!
The aim of this role is to provide professional support and undertake assessments of adult members of the community in accordance with good professional practice and organisational policy and procedures.
Benefits of this role:
* Supportive team and management * Progression opportunities * Flexible working available * Long term contract
Duties of this role:
* Produce written reports when required by your line manager or other agencies *.I’m maybe not mentioning, unfortunate quivering, I’m speaking, the quivering for which you discover they’re passing away! positively dying! to state one thing the minute you end speaking. Or they really would, and commence by providing you an answer whenever you weren’t asking a concern. We know that individual, people, at the conclusion those talks, walk away sense unheard and frustrated. Such as the big planning bubble is entirely bare because certainly, there clearly was no change of info. You were speaking, but no-one really was hearing, and since not one person was really paying attention, your disengaged. At every level of developing, there is certainly a standard bond, the audience is asked,” will you be hearing,” informed to “please tune in,” and asked,” precisely why aren’t you hearing myself?” The golden thread is actually listening, but no-one certainly describes what that means, or ideas on how to do it.
Hearing was a behavior, a motion, and from a young age, we discover ways to do so well, selectively, or otherwise not after all. Today, yes discover some in the middle, and we also can’t all listen and listen better 100per cent of that time. Let’s be honest, my toddlers stating,” mommy, mother, mommy, mama…” time after time, I could stop paying attention. But truly paying attention with purpose, and factor with no your hand throughout the “go” switch to suit your change, takes finding out. Listening adjustment eventually, might be challenging within connections, marriages, and home as age, and situation develop plus stressful, and maybe it is much more vital that you understand “how to do it effectively,” at this time. Possibly.
Just what listening actually entails
As a specialist, my personal single tasks is listen, take the current second, and keep space for the next person to express, show, and process mind and concerns. Hearing, but in addition hearing what is getting mentioned, or perhaps not becoming stated for instance. Working to help litigant in linking dots, finding models, and triggers, and dealing towards a solution that seems possible and successful. My tasks just isn’t to inform my personal clients what is the answer, or stay, mouth area quivering until they stop speaking, to give a response that In my opinion music fantastic. Which and never might be great for any person! I’m paying attention, hearing and observing. I’m not expecting if it is my times, but instead reading what to purchase an association.
Brand new couples come into my office, dealing with interacting their own wishes and feelings, and never feeling read. Maybe not experience like those they like, bring relationships with, or benefit, become hearing all of them or acknowledging what they are stating or asking. But alternatively is waiting for her turn-to debate, contradict, reroute, or offering an answer. Perhaps, only maybe all you have to to complete try release, feeling read and authenticated when it comes to thoughts and behavior you may be creating, end up being acknowledged when it comes to tip you take a risk to generally share, or supplied credit score rating because perhaps merely perhaps you really know very well what you may be speaing frankly about.
Comprehensive disclosure, we struggled for many years in my adolescents, to feel positive about my head and options once I was at college. Whenever I talked my personal records wasn’t read and known. Risk-taking available a thought or answer a concern ended up being exchanged for observance and agreeing with other people once I really didn’t feel the in an identical way. I additionally performed this in interactions, and discovered I destroyed my self, wondering “why so is this not working around.” Throughout the years, we discovered to purchase the effectiveness of observance and agreeing changed into questioning, and questioning converted into views. I discovered that hearing is an act of intent and hookup, and working to slow down throughout areas of our everyday life to not best discover our selves, but others, and what they’re actually saying may involve.
Here are a few issues that you should consider if you find yourself listening to somebody-
1. Am I paying attention a lot more than i’m speaking?
Impede, disengage from everything “have to state, ” or even the aim you need to become across. Occasionally to be able to end up being quiet, connect, and listen what exactly is becoming relayed works to slow down the considering which means your response is in what is truly being provided, not what you need to become heard back once again. In speaking We determine, and in paying attention, I connect.
2. Observation are powerful !
Listening concerns becoming quiet, however it is furthermore in regards to the aesthetic presentation, the environmental triggers, and what another person’s body language are telling you for the reason that moment in time. it is about watching home at the same time. Exactly how was I physically experience, and exactly what are my causes.
3. reallyn’t constantly about getting the point across
Listening just isn’t about keeping get, perhaps not about checking off tasks, and not at all about how exactly much more you know another. If you are hearing another convinced these exact things, you may at the same time protect their ears and smile. Additional party will benefit more. But really will you be acknowledging what the person says, and working to connect to the “behind the scene” meanings. Somebody will find out more than you, and that’s fine, awesome really, but enjoying just what anyone is saying (verbally and aesthetically), is indeed essential! Working to not necessarily have actually a checklist in your thoughts or projects record you are trying to get across, but rather paying attention with intent, insights, and link by any means which can be, are beneficial.
Just what are we instructing ourselves and our youngsters about listening? If I need me eg, whenever my personal children are conversing with myself, are We stopping, lookin them from inside the attention, and engaging? Or was I going, multi-tasking, and answering or leaving comments every so often in a fashion that helps make small good sense towards the concern they questioned. We learn from an early age how exactly to listen and engage, just how to connect and obtain our point across. How those techniques are modeled or recognized in our planet is really what gets safe and “right,” and as a result can work to influence relationships and contacts without having to be familiar with why. Hearing are a life skill, a privilege to be read and attached to, plus it’s in taking the time to prevent, take a look some one inside eye, and certainly connect to what is getting mentioned. It’s about keeping space for getting wisdom, offering understanding, or welcoming a good port session. The goals perhaps not, is actually a way to end up being read without promoting equivalent opportunity to another.Bar Harbor, New England Style White Clam Sauce, 10.5 oz (297 g)
- Expiration Date:October 1 2022
-109
- UPC Code: 070718001095
- Package Quantity: 10.5 oz
- Dimensions:3.9 x 2.6 x 2.65 in, 0.765 lbsSwitch to Metric units
Frequently purchased together
Product overview
Description
- Ready to Serve
- Certified Sustainable Seafood
- Bar Harbor® Brings Maine to You!
- BPA-NI Lined Can
Simple. Honest. Seafood.
Our delicious New England Style White Clam Sauce is loaded with MSC® certified, sustainable Sea Clams and quality ingredients. The perfect, Heat & Eat, sauce over your favorite pasta or as a creamy base for casseroles or sauce for White Clam Pizza.
Suggested use
Fully cooked. Gently heat, stove-top or in microwave-safe container, and serve over your favorite pasta. Further enhance the seafood flavor by cooking pasta or rice in Bar Harbor® Clam Juice!
Other ingredients
Milk, water, clams, non-GMO, expeller-pressed canola oil, wheat flour, salt, dehydrated onion, sugar (from evaporated cane juice), garlic, parsley, white pepper, oregano.
This product is made in a facility that uses milk, wheat, fish, and shellfish.
The claims in this product come from a fishery that has been independently certified to the MSC's standard for a well-managed and.Came at the same time also the first electric tattoo and permanent make up machines on the market. These were, however with regard to their technical precision still in its infancy”. If you are not convinced, visit Pacific Mortgage Services. For this reason carried out tattoos were / permanent make-up at that time extremely painful, bloody and cruel to the part. At the end of the 1980s it came make permanent up slowly in fashion. This was up devices in particular technical progress of now set up permanent make. It was possible for the first time, painless to implanted pigments into the skin gently allergie – and infection-free from this time. Permanent make up today the basic operation of the Pigmenting is to bring color pigments with a puncture in the upper layer of the skin.
This happens make today for professionally installed permanently up BBs using digital high-tech permanent make up machines. Glenn J Williams is full of insight into the issues. From the invention of the first machine for permanent make up have been developed various systems to this day. The current pigments devices on the market Color return protection system or hygiene module (consisting of a station and a separate handpiece) are preferable to other pigments devices for a professional job. The so-called high-tech pigments devices comply with on one side the modern medico hygienic standards; on the other hand, they offer the maximum smoothness and precision to implant a perfect permanent makeup. “The training: permanent make-up stylist / in the term permanent make-up stylist / in” is not protected in Germany and is therefore also freely used. For this reason, it seems advisable that the interested customer in cases of doubt inquire in the professional training course of provider. The essential role in the daily work of the Pigmenting (introduction of colour in the sense of the permanent make up) is to help the customer’s face to glory. Make up training should be permanent within the framework of a qualified following topics training component: history of permanent make-up Basic knowledge of permanent makeup responsible work hygiene teaching indications and contraindications practice: technology of pigments devices practice: basic knowledge of different PMU needles and applications practice: device customer Pigmetierfarben color theory/color narcotic basics: make-up artist practice: sign studies different treatment processes Anatomy and dermatology practice: different permanent makeup techniques practice: customer interviewing practice: design teaching practice: eyebrow shading practice: eyebrow hairs drawing practice: different lid strokes practice: lip pigmentation (contouring/shading) customer preliminary color advice marketing permanent makeup pricing aftercare for the customers consent legislation and insurance at the end of a Permanent make up training should be the person in the future in terms of commercial customers permanent make up treated with an expertise in the field of cosmetics as well as basic knowledge of the make-up artist have acquired.Northfield Mountain
Owner: GDF Suez
Location: Massachusetts, USA
Size: 5.26 m
Power: 295 MW
Net Head: 243 m
Scope of Work:
- Scale model testing
- Four complete pump-turbine upgrades and rehabilitation
- New wicket gates
- Rehabilitation of head covers and servomotors
- New lower seals including installation and field machining
- Alignment supervisionGold prices today inched higher in Indian markets, after suffering losses in the past five sessions. On MCX, October gold futures rose 0.4% to ₹51,139 per 10 gram while silver futures gained 0.6% to ₹64,379 per kg. In the previous session, gold futures fell 0.5% while silver slumped 2%. From August 7 highs of ₹56,200, gold prices in India have corrected about ₹5,000 per 10 gram.
In global markets, gold rates were steady with spot prices of the yellow metal trading at $1,927.26 per ounce. Worries over the global economic recovery offset an uptick in risk sentiment driven by signs of progress in US-China trade negotiations. The dollar index held steady at 93.108 against a basket of major currencies.
Among other precious metals, silver rates were steady at $26.43 per ounce while platinum rose 0.1% to $928.12.
Top U.S. and Chinese trade officials reaffirmed their commitment to a Phase 1 trade deal, which has seen China lagging on its obligations to buy American goods, giving a boost to financial markets on Tuesday.
,” said Hareesh V, Geojit’s head of commodity research.
Gold traders await Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell’s scheduled speech on Thursday about the central bank’s monetary policy framework review, which has focused on a new inflation strategy.
The US dollar index is holding above recent lows as market players await more clarity on Fed’s monetary policy stance, Kotak Securities said.
“However impasse of additional fiscal stimulus continued to limit upside. Gold may continue to witness choppy trade as US dollar struggles for direction however we may see buying interest emerging at lower levels amid continuing challenges in form of rising virus cases,” the brokerage added.
ETF investors have moved to sidelines amid lack of clarity about future price direction, say analysts. The holdings of world’s biggest exchange traded fund, SPDR Gold Trust, fell 0.3% to 1,248.87 tonnes on Tuesday from 1,252.38 tonnes on Monday.Win Link on Blu-ray
STUDIOCANAL has announced the release of a newly restored version of the anthropological horror gem, Link. Starring the inimitable Terence Stamp (Song For Marion, Superman II) and 80s stalwart Elisabeth Shue (The Karate Kid, ‘The Boys’), this oft underappreciated tale incorporating director Richard Franklin’s (Psycho II, Road Games) trademark Hitchcockian style has gone on to achieve cult status since its release in 1986.
Underpinned by a chilling score form the legendary Jerry Goldsmith (LA Confidential, Star Trek: The Motion Picture), this brand new 4k restoration will be available to own on Blu-Ray for the first time in the UK, as well as on DVD and Digital, from February 1 complete with brand new bonus content.
Jane (Elisabeth Shue), an American zoology student, takes a summer job at the lonely English cliff-top home of one of her lecturers, the single-minded anthropologist, Dr. Steven Phillip (Terence Stamp). Dr. Phillip, whose work explores the link between man and ape, suddenly vanishes, leaving Jane to care for his three chimps alone. Voodoo is a savage female, Imp is affectionate and child-like whilst Link is a circus ape trained as the perfect servant and companion.
A disturbing role reversal rapidly begins to take place between master and servant and Jane rapidly finds herself a prisoner in a simian house of horror. In her attempts to escape she finds herself up against an adversary several times her physical strength with the instincts of a bloodthirsty killer.
Inspired by scientific research on violence amongst chimpanzees, the film wasn’t originally intended to be a fantasy but, instead, to reflect the reality of what chimps could be capable of whilst challenging the 60s anthropological theory that man was the only species capable of making war with itself. LINK is also notable for being one of a very small number of films to be made with animals not to have received a single complaint of cruelty due, exclusively, to the work of legendary animal trainer Ray Berwick.
We have got two Blu-rays<<dgl.load_graphs¶
dgl.
load_graphs(filename, idx_list=None)[source]¶
Load graphs and optionally their labels from file saved by
save_graphs().
Besides loading from local files, DGL supports loading the graphs directly from S3 (by providing a
"s3://..."path) or from HDFS (by providing
"hdfs://..."a path).
- Parameters
-
- Returns
graph_list (list[DGLGraph]) – The loaded graphs.
labels (dict[str, Tensor]) – The graph labels stored in file. If no label is stored, the dictionary is empty. Regardless of whether the
idx_listargument is given or not, the returned dictionary always contains the labels of all the graphs.
Examples
Following the example in
save_graphs().
>>> from dgl.data.utils import load_graphs >>> glist, label_dict = load_graphs("./data.bin") # glist will be [g1, g2] >>> glist, label_dict = load_graphs("./data.bin", [0]) # glist will be [g1]
See alsoSouthern Methodist University Dedman School of Law in Dallas is adapting to a pandemic world. It has created a unique clinic opportunity for its students while also serving the community.
Neary 50 students are working under the supervision of SMU Law Clinic faculty to host a helpline five days a week. They are providing free legal assistance to residents who live in north Texas who have questions related to COVID-19. This clinic project is a call-in service where people who have COVID-19 related issues such as housing, immigration and consumer protection questions or concerns can get help.
“We hope the Helpline will be an important resource for members of our Dallas/Fort Worth community who are struggling,” said professor Mary Spector, Associate Dean for Clinics at SMU. “It will also provide SMU Law students with the chance to gain valuable legal experience and professional skills. I’m proud of our students’ eagerness to step up to the legal challenges the pandemic presents.”
The law school says the COVID-19 Emergency Helpline Project was established with two primary goals in mind: to fill gaps in the availability of reasonably fast, reliable and necessary legal information and advice in certain key areas and to provide SMU law students with meaningful opportunities to develop important professional values and skills.
“This project is a wonderful example of how deeply committed SMU is to helping our students and to serving the beautiful city in which we are so fortunate to be located,” said Jennifer Collins, Dean of SMU Dedman School of Law. “We are very grateful to have such committed partners and to be able to provide support to our community as we continue to navigate these unprecedented times.”
In the instance that a caller has a more complicated issue or a question that SMU students are unable to answer, the law school is partnering with law firms and agencies in the area and will refer the caller to one of the other organizations that are also providing free services. Altogether there are 80 volunteer attorneys’ in addition to the law students.The principal cast of artistic director Molly Smith's staging reunites for an encore run through Oct. 2 in Washington, DC. Official opening is July 14. The Rodgers & Hammerstein classic about optimistic folk in American Indian territory just before statehood got positive reviews (and broke all box-office records from Arena Stage's 60-year history). The groundbreaking musical is based on the play Green Grow the Lilacs, and has music by Richard Rodgers, and book and lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II. Smith's incarnation blends a multicultural cast to tell the story of two romances — Laurey and Curly (threatened by Jud Fry), and Will and Ado Annie (threatened by Ali Hak out. also includes Emilee Dupré (Vivian), Lucas Fedele (Ike Skidmore), Andrew Hodge (Slim), Cara Massey (Gertie Cummings), Hugh Nees (Andrew Carnes), Cyana Paolantonio (Ellen), Annie Petersmeyer (Virginia), Kristyn Pope (Aggie), Alvon Reed (Jess), Shane Rhoades (Fred), Vincent Rodriguez III (Sam), Kyle Vaughn (Mike/Dream Curly), Hollie E. Wright (Sylvie/Dream Laurey), Jessica Wu (Kate), Jessica Hartman (Female Swing) and Aaron Umsted (Male Swing)..
The score includes "Oh What a Beautiful Mornin'," "The Surrey With the Fringe on Top," "People Will Say We're in Love," "Many a New Day," "Kansas City" and the title song. The 1943 show famously solidified the then-long-brewing notion of integrating book, music, lyrics, dance and design in service of a psychologically sound "musical play" rather than sketch-like "musical comedy."
For tickets and information, visit.
View highlights from the show:Compare Train and Bus from Bologna to Naples. Just enter date and time of departure in the journey planner above. Plan your trip, combine and compare transportation providers such as for example: Railway agencies, Bus operators, airines. Experience hassle-free trip planning on Combitrip as it will take care of your complete journey from Bologna to Naples from door to door. All travel options will be presented to you in one complete overview. The trip to Naples is around 8 hours 9 minutes by car if you are travelling from Bologna. With Combitrip, you can travel in style and choose any medium of transportation you want. train station in Naples is located near the center. The nearest airport to Naples is located at 3.5 km (8 minutes by car) and is called Naples International Airport. More airports near Naples.Description
Loose-fit knitted maternity pullover- Round neck with raglan shoulders- The perfect ‘throw-on and go’ item for your wardrobe- Designed to fit through all stages of pregnancy- Just select your usual size 74% Acrylic, 13% Nylon, 10% Polyester, 3% Elastane
Machine wash at 30°C
Do not bleach
Do not tumble dry
Do not iron
Dry clean (any solvent)
Hang dry
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Customer Review for CLAMPLGT3
Game changer
Halogen spotlights delivered big time. Changing my presentation from ok to AMAZING. I couldn't be happier with this purchase. Delivered quickly and the packaging is such that I am planning on keeping it for ease of transportation from and to my shows. I couldn't be happier. This was the third pro panel I've ordered from Displays2Go and unfortunately it arrived damaged but its actually a win because now I know how professional they are about damaged goods, returns and replacements. Fast, courteous, outstanding customer service. Connor Barrett was the best!!! I'm excited to get my replacement item and my confidence in this supplier has gone through the roof.
Posted one year ago by Displays2goDallas Rogers
Wild Wagon Wedding Meetup
It was the day before February, when all through the farm
photographers shot with couples, camera 'round arm.
Vendors and artists donated their time,
making this boho-style wedding shoot sublime.
I had the great privilege of attending Kailey's Wild Wagon Styled Shoot on January 31st, meeting new faces and reuniting with old friends. Hosted by Phoenix Pinnacle Farms, the event functioned like summer camp with teams assigned to a particular couple and location. Paired with Kailey, Marika, and Ginger, we set off alongside our first set of models, Kaya and Cam. The group furiously snapped away with one-hour on the clock. Here are the images from Kaya and Cam's session:
The organizer blew an excruciatingly loud whistle, indicating the closing of our hour. We headed back to the main meeting grounds and exchanged models. Our next couple was Camille and Joseph; might I say, I am sad I could not do their wedding pictures. This married couple was a striking, and unironically edgy. I mean, look at them, in all their perfection:
Another round of shooting flew by, and we bid farewell to Camille and Joseph. After a quick snack and refreshment break, we meet up on the lawn with our final couple, Emily and Skeeter. These high school sweethearts were such wonderful models, laughing up a storm with one another:
I must include a closing thanks to the vendors and artists behind this entire event. Without you, well, there would have been no event! Let's preview some of their artistry:
If you or someone you know is looking for some vendors for their wedding or party, I recommend you take a look through this list:
• Planner/Coordinator - Luv Spell Events
• Triangle Arch + King's Table - Rustique Rentals
• Florist - Flowers of Life
• Bridal Hair + Makeup Artist - Faces By Amelia
• Mobile Saloon (Bar) - Wild Wagon Saloon
• Mobile Tap (Bar) - Old School Tap Truck
• Table Place Settings - Miles of Memories
• Luxury Picnic - Desert Peach AZ
• Cake - Big Mamma's Event Service
• Men's Suit - Parker & Schmidt Clothier
• Wedding Dress Rentals - Kendel Ridgeway
• Flat Lay Canvas - Ruth Ann Weatherford
• Flat Lay Ring Boxes - The Velvet Garden Ring Box
These local vendors are more than happy to aid you in your partying needs! Otherwise,I hope you enjoyed viewing and reading the BTS of this lovely event. If you are a photographer and are looking for events like such to participate in, follow me on Instagram: @dalspictures. I keep my page up-to-date with my recent work and share events I am participating in.Robotic Process Automation (RPA) is recognized as a key driver for enterprise digital transformation for public and private sector organizations.
In this interactive eBook, we showcase different RPA process heatmaps across key areas of the Supply Chain Management business unit. See which processes have the highest potential for automation, including common processes like Sales Forecasting, Purchase Order Management, and more.
Learn about specific processes in different areas that can be candidates for automation.
See which SCM processes have the highest potential to be automated with RPA across the business unit.
Learn from 5 process heatmaps the automation potential across your SCM processes.
Discover the potential impact of RPA within the supply chain management business unit.
Please fill out the form to receive this resource.Zimbabwe’s High Court has ruled that the country’s mobile operators must restore internet services following a week-long nationwide shutdown ordered by the government.
Last week, the government directed operators to prevent users from accessing social media websites and services including Facebook, WhatsApp, YouTube and Twitter. The court has now stated that Security Minister Owen Ncube did not have the authority to issue such a directive.
Bloomberg reported that the country’s three mobile operators - Econet Wireless, NetOne and Telecel – now face legal action from two media advocacy groups, including the Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights.
The lawsuit also targets Zimbabwean president Emmerson Mnangagwa and two other government officials. The advocacy groups argue that the shutdown has damaged business and affected incomes by preventing access to the electronic bank deposits through which public workers are paid. They also argue that it has resulted in threats to human life.
Zimbabwe has been gripped by nationwide protests against the government’s recent 150% fuel price hike, prompting a police crackdown in which 12 people have lost their lives. The directive to block social media services was ordered in an apparent attempt at damage control.
While the operators complied with the order, Econet reportedly sent messages explaining the situation to its subscribers and stating that the situation was “beyond our reasonable control”. The court has ordered operators to “unconditionally resume the provision of full and unrestricted internet services to all their subscribers forthwith.”--
Let’s take a trip back in time — do you remember needing to patiently wait for a VHS tape to rewind so you can enjoy your favorite movie? Have you ever had to go through massive storage containers to help you find that one tape with a specific memory or event that you want to look back to?
The VHS dominated the home movie industry for about three decades. It was a great way to enjoy movies and to look back at home videos that we keep in our hearts. But now that we’re living in a digital age, what do we do with our piles of home videos and VHS tapes?
Fortunately, VHS converter services allow you to convert your tapes into digital formats so you can relive these moments without having to use high-speed rewinders and VHS players. With that being said, it’s a good idea to look back at the origin of VHS to better understand how it dominated the 1970s and early 200s. Let’s take a look!
In the 1950s, Hollywood began to use magnetic tape to begin recording, but it was not a viable solution since it was incredibly costly and unaffordable for daily use. Fast forward to the 1970s, the Victory Company of Japan (JVC) was beginning to experience recognition as every person wanted to get their hands on the latest technology, the U-matic.
The U-matic became available to the public in 1971 and then the VHS would be released six years later. The Video Home System or VHS won against its strong competitor, Betamax, making it the preferred household product for entertainment.
The main design feature of VHS was to prevent unspooling since it contains two small spools of magnetic tape, which could be found in the reel and the take-up reel. Most magnetic tapes were produced with thicker strips to prevent breaking and tearing. And with that, a VHS cassette can hold about 1,140 feet of tape, which is about four hours of footage.
At each end of the spool, you’ll find clear tapes that signal the VCR that the end of the tape is near. And for its build, the cassette tape is made of lightweight plastic that’s about 187 mm wide, 103 mm deep, and 25 mm thick.
Fortunately, we don’t have to deal with VHS and VCRs any longer. We can now convert them easily into digital format. However, it’s always a good idea to get expert VHS conversion services to ensure that they handle your tapes with extra love and care.
Because the VHS tape was pretty much easy to use, even for those who aren’t tech-savvy, the Motions Picture Association of America feared that people could easily make copies of their films.
With that, they created Macrovision, a system of coding that helps prevent users from creating their own copies of the tapes at home. It was then released in 1983, protecting their rights to their movies and eliminating the possibility of their films getting stolen.
There’s no denying that VHS tapes played a huge role in how we enjoyed movies in the past. Fortunately, we can still enjoy our home movies, thanks to VHS converters, allowing us to convert our tapes to digital formats for quicker and faster consumption.
If you have a bunch of VHS tapes you want to convert, check out Converting VHS to DVD. We offer VHS conversion services and convert VHS Tapes and 8mm movies to DVDs. Besides that, we also transfer your memories into a convenient thumb drive.
Are you ready to relive your precious memories? Have us convert your tapes today!These are our offers
- Stay 7 nights+ save 10%
- 01/04/2020-31/03/2022
- Stay 7 nights+, save an extra 10% of the standard rate ...
- Stay 14 nights+ save 15%
- 01/04/2020-17/03/2022
- Stay 14 nights+, save an extra 15% of the standard rate ...
- Stay 21 nights+ save 20%
- 01/04/2020-10/03/2022
- Stay 21 nights+, save an extra 20% of the standard rate ...
- Stay 28 nights+ save 35%
- 01/04/2020-03/03/2022
- Stay 28 nights+, save an extra 35% of the standard rate ...
- Free Cot and High Chair
- 16/05/2020-31/03/2022
- For this summer we are offering a free cot and high chairs, please select the option on check out
- Free bottle of water on arrival
- 01/01/2020-31/01/2030
- 24/7 Local Support
- 01/01/2020-01/01/2031Travellers who like staying in Old Town recommend Hilton Garden Inn San Diego Old Town/Sea World Area, Best Western PLUS Hacienda Hotel Old Town and Ez 8 Motel Old Town.
KAYAK users have found double rooms in Old Town for as cheap as $101 in the last 3 days. The average price is $124.If you are searching for a deliver order brides’ service, it is advisable begin using the internet you need to do your search. This procedure is more simple and quicker compared to the different methods that are offered in the market. Lots of men are interested in international online dating and with the help of the mail order brides’ services, they can have their desires for getting married into a foreign women come true.
Internet includes a wide data source of different websites that offer distinctive facilities. This means you will not have to spend a lot of time to browse through these sites looking for the very best submit order brides’ service that will meet the expectations. There are plenty of websites within the internet that provides this assistance, but the majority of have past and out old catalogues. Its for these reasons it is important that you update your magazine and bring more buyers. Many men expect to have an urgent requirement for such something and you can make use of this catalog to bring more focus on your site.
Your mailbox order brides’ services undoubtedly are a very good opportunity for the person who wants to acquire marry to a foreign bride-to-be. Most men are interested in having their particular dream woman from India because there is inevitably about her purity and chastity. Additionally, she will become someone who will usually always be there for him whatever happens. A male who has such a bride in the life can never worry about getting married to some other woman again. You will always be greeted with open hands wherever you decide to go and she is going to definitely be devoted and devoted towards her new partner. If you want to make your dream come true, then you definitely must register yourself on one of the most effective websites supplying matrimonial services so that you will turn into eligible to experience your marital relationship with this sort of bride.
Furthermore, you will additionally end up being saving some huge cash as compared to the conventional way of locating a bride. In the traditional approach, you will have to pay the high price for adverts in newspaper publishers, magazines and even on TV. Furthermore, there are many service fees involved in this method. But by availing your mailbox order birdes-to-be catalogue, you will only have to use a nominal amount and you may have all the necessary data regarding the bride on hand.
For anyone who is really interested to possess a mail order bride, then it is advisable that you seek out a website that provides a free company. There are some websites that request a fee-based service nevertheless they do not generally provide you with the comprehensive facts. This means that you must spend a large sum just to identify a name and an address belonging to the bride. However, the fee-based websites will give you the names of the star of the event and her address within a complete kind along with photographs.
Once you have identified a snail mail order brides’ catalogue, it will be possible to assess the character traits from the prospective bride. You will have the fundamental idea about the individuality of the woman before you start meeting with her. While you will be speaking with her in the phone or through emails, you need to make a careful analysis on your own. Simply by looking at your mailbox order brides’ catalogue, you will be able to guage the nature of the star of the wedding. This is important since the bride should understand how you really feel about her before you decide to fulfill her in person. Therefore , it is best that you take a couple of minutes to go through the contents of your catalogue just before you finalize the date and venue to your first reaching.Suppose Joe owes $10,000 on a recent tax debt to the IRS, a few other unsecured debts totaling another $30,000, and the IRS just seized $10,000 from Joe’s savings account. If Joe files Chapter 7 bankruptcy within the preference period, the trustee can force the IRS to return the money to the bankruptcy estate – that is without dispute (as long as the preference payment rules are satisfied). However, what happens to the IRS debt is a gray area.
A similar issue was addressed by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in the case of In re Laizure, 548 F.3d 693 (9th Cir.2008). In that case the debtor made a large payment to a creditor on the eve of bankruptcy to repay an embezzlement loss. The lower courts stated that the creditor no longer had a claim against the debtor – only the bankruptcy estate. The Ninth Circuit disagreed, and reinstated the creditor’s nondischargeable claim against the debtor.
In reaching its decision, the Laizure court stated that a claim determined and allowed under § 502(h) of the Bankruptcy Code retains the same characteristics it held prior to the filing of the bankruptcy petition. The court cited In re Bankvest Capital Corp., 5 F.3d 51 (1st Cir.2004), as persuasive, which held that that a secured creditor’s claim that is avoided as a post-petition transfer is entitled to that same secured claim following turnover to the trustee. See also David Gray Carlson, Security Interests in the Crucible of Voidable Preference Law, 1995 U. Ill. L.Rev. 211, 356 (1995) (“Payments received by a secured party are analytically different. Prior to bankruptcy, the ‘payment’ extinguished the antecedent debt. Once the payment is returned, it ought to be the case that the old debt, once dead, is now revived. This is universally assumed to be true, and § 502(h) more or less supports this conclusion[.]”).
Following this rationale, the trustee in Joe’s case would force the IRS to turn over the $10,000 seized from Joe’s bank account, pay himself attorney fees and costs, and distribute the remaining funds to unsecured creditors, including the IRS. Since the IRS debt is reinstated as a nondischargeable debt, after the bankruptcy Joe still owes the IRS a remaining balance. While it is not clear that other courts would apply this line of reasoning for every pre-petition payment, it is certainly a potential trap for the unwary and could create unnecessary litigation!
The moral of this story is that bankruptcy law is challenging. In Joe’s case, he did not actually owe the IRS anything on the date he files bankruptcy. It was only after the trustee compelled the return of the payment that the debt was reinstated. Your bankruptcy case deserves an experienced bankruptcy attorney who is able to see beyond the actual circumstances to the potential liabilities in your case. Don’t risk your fresh start – get experienced help today.Signature loans in Raleigh, North Carolina. Not surprisingly disadvantage, OneMain monetary offers two fascinating perks
OneMain economic is actually a nationwide loan provider with spots in Raleigh, new york. The company supplies held and unsecured personal loans (anchored unsecured loans become less common among creditors) over to $7,500 in new york, that makes it the financial institution by using the low optimum as opposed to moments loan and Truist.
Unlike other creditors, make sure you go visit a regional branch to finish your loan program. At that time, you’ll create common documentation, most notably recognition, returns and expenses affirmation and work details.
Suggestions meet the requirements
When previously submitting an application for your own mortgage with OneMain savings, plan to the particular following:
If you’re sanctioned for a loan, OneMain economical can fund your loan as soon as within one business day.
Moments Financing Services
Time period loan provider provide unsecured loans in Raleigh and elsewhere. More unsecured loans need at least credit score rating of 600, but unlike some other creditors within this roundup just who render personal loans to people with excellent or exceptional account, Your Time money services in some cases accepts personal loans from candidates with very poor or no debt. Receiving authorized for a financial loan negative or no debt can be challenging, so this tends to be a choice that can help you reduce your financial stresses.
However, like OneMain economical, you’ll come the lowest borrowing optimum and an increased max APR as time passes funding Assistance. That said, when you have solid credit, you are prone to line up more effective finance consideration with an institution like Truist.
Like OneMain Investment, efforts financial provider supplies fast capital. Their reduced least borrowing from the bank restriction will be the low among creditors in this roundup, and is terrific when you’ve got an inferior financial unexpected emergency and other must address.
To qualify for a personal loan in Raleigh with this specific loan company, you’ll will need to:
Although the bank assertions they work with candidates with poor or no loans, they don’t offer far more online payday loans Iowa information about criteria demands.
Truist financial institution (LightStream)
LightStream will be the using the internet customer providing section of Truist financial, previously BBT and SunTrust banks. a buyer who suffers from good to great debt can use for an unsecured unsecured loan between $5,000 to $100,000.
Unlike other personal bank loan lenders in this roundup, LightStream does not charge origination fees or late fees. They also don’t fee prepayment penalties, and is great news if you want to pay off that debt early. Additionally, if another bank accepts identically money with a cheaper interest than what LightStream offers, LightStream will conquer that monthly interest rate by 0.10 proportion spots, susceptible to certain disorders.
Besides offering a higher borrowing from the bank limitation, LightStream has an extended payment term up to 84 days, providing you sufficient a chance to pay the loan should you need it.
To be eligible for a private mortgage, you have to have a favorable credit record together with enough revenue and assets.The Two Frank Thrings
Rights Contact Login For More Details
- Independent Publishers Group
-
More About This Title The Two Frank Thrings
**WINNER of the National Biography Award 2013 (Australia)** They shared a name and their physical resemblance was startling. And, both Frank Thrings were huge figures in the landscape of 20th." - (perhaps his most famous role was that of Pontius Pilate in Ben-Hur [1959]), then, suddenly, he came home to Melbourne to play perhaps his finest role - that of Frank Thring, actor and personality extraordinaire. Central to this role was that Frank the son was unapologetically and outrageously gay. In this compelling dual biography, author Peter Fitzpatrick. *** In Fitzpatrick's expert hands, their stories count among the saddest as well as the most scintillating in our annals. -- Ian Britain, Australian Book Review *** In exploring what made each man tick, and so adroitly placing them in their personal and professional contexts, Fitzpatrick gives a vivid sense of the shifting contours of Australian cultural life across most of a century. -- Brian McFarlane, The Age *** [I]nformed and immensely readable...Their detailed and engrossing double biographies are a welcome contribution both to regional history and to international studies of twentieth-century entertainment careers. -- Theatre Research International *** Few books gave me more pleasure this year than Peter Fitzpatrick's The Two Frank Thrings, not because of any particular veneration for either Frank, but because it is a superbly executed biographical account of them. It is elegantly written, spiked with wit and insight, immaculately researched, and structured with a style and originality that enable the reader to get inside the lives of these two disparate Thrings. -- Brian McFarlane, 'Best Books of 2013', Australian Book Review *** Librarians: ebook available on ProQuest and EBSCO (Series: Biography) [Subject: Biography, Theatre Studies, Film Studies, Australian Studies]Well…
We have tested Coca-Cola (and Pepsi) in space. In 1985, we flew special dispensers from the manufacturers as an experiment aboard the Space Shuttle. liquids. But, in micro-gravity, that doesn’t happen. When one burps in space, it is often a “wet burp” which means some liquid is expelled. It’s kind of like acid reflux.Professional boots with perforated leather for high breathability and fabric inserts. High resistant, injected sole for maximum grip. Velcro strap for best fitting. Structure designed to increase the sensitivity on the pedal. Thin laces for high sliding and a quick lacing of the boots. Printed fabric inserts on side.
SIZES: 36 - 48
HOMOLOGATION FIA 8856-2018
TMI-OMP-IC/806ECOLOR/SIZEIndonesia: Muara Laboh Geothermal Power Project
The project will develop geothermal steam resources through production and injection facilities in the Liki Pinangawan Muaralaboh concession area and construct, operate, and maintain a single power generation unit with a total capacity of approximately 80 megawatts (MW). The concession is located in the South Solok Regency, 150 kilometers (km) southeast of Padang, West Sumatra. The project will be developed and implemented under a 30-year power purchase agreement (PPA) with PLN (the off-taker) and a 20-year support from the Ministry of Finance, as stipulated under a business viability guarantee letter (BVGL). It is intended for base load operation. PLN will build 80 km of transmission lines from the plant site to two 150 kilovolt (kV) substations near Muara Laboh and Sungai Rumbai. The substations will connect power from the generation unit to the Sumatra grid through an existing 275 kV transmission line.
Project Details
- Project Officer
Nath, Kiron
Private Sector Operations Department
Request for information
- Country
Indones..
Meet A Young Woman Engineer in an Indonesia Geothermal Power ProjectDwi Rahayu, an Indonesian environmental engineer, shares her inspiring story that demonstrates how investing in clean energy is also an avenue to improve women's lives.
ADB Supports Indonesian Clean Energy with $109 Million Financing for GeothermalADB has approved a new $109 million financing package for the Muara Laboh geothermal power generation project in western Indonesia.Mindfulness is the process of purposely bringing one’s attention to what is happening in the present moment, without judgment. It means consciously attending to being here, in this moment, right now. There is increasing evidence that mindfulness is a good thing. Mindfulness practices have been shown to reduce anxiety and depression and increase coping and various kinds of wellness. To a lesser extent, it can alleviate stress and improve your quality of life.
REFRIGERATOR LIST
- Transitions are hard. Always. Even under the best of circumstances, back-to-school season is stressful—there are new routines to create, new rhythms to find, and a lot of trial and error to tolerate in the meantime. This year is all of that multiplied by a thousand. Be patient with yourself, and with your little ones. We’re all going through a lot. If you can’t embrace the chaos (and many of us can’t), at least work toward tolerating it, accepting its presence and noting the feelings it evokes (a practice known as radical acceptance).
- Transitions make little things feel like big things. In the car on Monday, I wasn’t really angry at my son for asking over and over if we could go to McDonald’s (OK, that question is never not going to be annoying but I wasn’t angry). I was just feeling increasingly worried about all of the tasks I had to get done once we got home, and my son had the bad luck of asking the wrong question at the wrong time.
- The iceberg analogy is extremely helpful —use it. Snapping at my son? That was the tip of the iceberg, what everyone could see. My stress about the tasks I had to do? That was just below the surface. The amount of things to do in the past few months, with no sign of lifting anytime soon, is so overwhelming? That is the part that’s way underwater, and the part we actually need to address—that is, acknowledge, make space for, feel—in order for the snapping to stop.
- Take 5. Pick one of these for each of five days and then re-evaluate the usefulness of mindfulness.
- Mindful Hand Awareness Exercise. Grasp your hands tightly for five seconds, then release and notice how your hands feel. Keep your attention focused on the feeling for as long as you can. This is a wonderful exercise for getting out of your head and into your physical awareness.
- Music Appreciation. Yes, singing along to your favorite song counts as a mindfulness exercise! Pay attention to how this piece makes you feel. What emotions do you experience? What memories come up, and how do those memories make you feel? Savor these emotions and see if they carry over throughout the day.
- Close Your Eyes. Spend 5 minutes in silence while you appreciate your surroundings. Keeping your eyes closed helps to block out stimulation and sharpens your non-visual awareness.
- One Minute Breathing. This exercise can be done anywhere at any time, standing up or sitting down. Start by breathing in and out slowly. After a few seconds practice the 4-4-4: Inhale for a count of four, hold for a count of four, then exhale for a count of four. Let the breath flow in and out effortlessly. Repeat four times.
- Game of Fours. Notice four things in your day that generally go unnoticed. For example, fire up your senses and appreciate the sound of children giggling while riding their bikes, the fresh scent of soap in your shower, your coworker’s hearty laugh, or the brightest flowers in your garden.
*Created with the help of Psychology Today- publish: 10 October 2020
- time: 6:30 pm
- category: Politics
- No: 15658
President Ghani accepts credentials of 4 new ambassadors to Afghanistan
Earlier in the day, President Ghani accepted the credentials of the new ambassadors of Norway, Swiss, Sweden, and India to Afghanistan.
Presidential Palace stated, that the President accepted the credentials of the new Norwegian Ambassador to Afghanistan Willy Anders Landman, the new Swiss Ambassador Nastogen Benedict de Sergeit, the new Swedish Ambassador Torkel Sternloff, and the new Indian Ambassador Rudrendra Tandon.
The ambassadors expressed satisfaction with their new mission in Afghanistan and stressed the importance of their countries’ strategic ties with Afghanistan over continued cooperation in the economic, political, and development fields.
According to the statement, the ambassadors expressed their willingness and preparation for the upcoming Geneva conference and said they would support Afghanistan’s development plan at the conference.
The President congratulated the ambassadors on their new tasks and thanked their nations and their efforts towards a developing Afghanistan.Get prepared for the upcoming Summer months with a new pool for the younger children in the family. We spotted this Bestway Splash & Learn Kiddie Pool with 23% OFF at JD Williams, making it Just £9.99.
The Play pool features a fun shape matching sensory activity, which is sure to create plenty of water fun, *Online at JD Williams.The European Commission has confirmed that travellers from the US are to be excluded from the European Union due to the dire coronavirus situation in the country, the world’s worst-hit. Travellers from fifteen countries outside Europe will be able to come to Europe from today, July 1.
Since the UK is still in a transition year after Brexit, its citizens will be in the same category as travellers from the rest of Europe and will find it find it much easier to enter France and other EU countries.
EasyJet is slowly increasing its services at Nice Airport, both to and from the UK and internally within France. In normal times the UK carrier is the number-one operator at Nice Airport in terms of numbers.
Meanwhile, Eric Ciotti, deputy for the Alpes-Maritimes, received assurances in the National Assembly on Tuesday that Air France will double the frequency of its Nice-Paris service by the end of August.
Addressing Jean-Baptiste Djebbari, Secretary of State for Transport, Mr Ciotti spoke of the “immense difficulties of tourism professionals in the Alpes-Maritimes, faced with the recovery very slow traffic at Nice airport.” He said that this was based on financial reasons, rather than health concerns.
He said that as the state had granted seven billion euros to the airline as part of a rescue package, the carrier should reciprocate by ensuring a proper service between the capital and Nice.
“Tourism is 15 percent of the GDP of our Department and 150,000 jobs,” Mr Ciotti said. He added that he would be watching closely, but the doubling of the service was a good first step.PHPoC Blue
PHPoC Blue
PHPoC Azul (P4S-342) is a wireless LAN programmable board embedded with a PHPoC interpreter.
PHPoC Blue
Description.
Details
- - PHPoC (PHP on Chip) interpreter embedded
- - Uploading and debugging codes via USB
- - IEEE 802.11b/g (USB Wireless LAN adapter required)
- - 10 x digital input/output port
- - 14 x sharing port (Digital Input/Output, SPI, I2C, UART)
- - 6 x analogue input port
- - HTTP/SSH/Websocket server
- - Web page customization available (accessible with smart devices)Presiding Bishop Curry’s opening remarks at Episcopal Church Executive Council meeting
The following are the October 20 opening remarks of Presiding Bishop and Primate Michael Curry at the Episcopal Church Executive Council meeting held October 20-22 in New Brunswick, NJ.
Presiding Bishop Michael Curry
Opening Remarks
Executive Council
October 20, 2016
Allow me to talk about the vision of the Jesus Movement on the practical churchwide level and what that really begins to look like and how embracing that has obvious implications for budget and structure and engagement.
This is the result of work by the officers and canons who have been working together, and by the way, we meet together monthly to think on a broader strategic level, and it’s one way to unite or bring together every aspect of the DFMS (Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society). We just started that and it really does seem to be an effective way to make sure that we’re all in touch with each other on that broader level. That decision was an outgrowth of the work that we did with the Human Synergistics folk that led to this diagram. The intent here was to really flesh out what does it mean to be a church that embodies the Way of Jesus of Nazareth in our common life together as a whole church..
And so how do we on a churchwide level actually enable that to happen throughout the entire church? And this is one way to begin to look at that. Let me just walk you through. We looked at the Jesus Movement, began to think “OK, now let’s put some more language on that so that it just doesn’t become a rhetorical frame, so that it begins to take on life.” It took us a while to get there but then we finally realized that what we’re talking about is a community of people who are committed by their baptism, as baptized disciples of Jesus Christ, to live the way of Jesus.
And when you look at the light of Jesus of Nazareth, there are a lot of things that you would expect. This brother was and is incredibly loving, and that love liberates folk, and liberation gives life to folk. Liberated people can live the life that God has dreamed from the beginning. Loving, liberating, life-giving.
It was in the parable this morning, the lawyer comes to Jesus, he says love God, love your neighbor and all that stuff. And Jesus says to him do this and you will live. That this Jesus is loving, liberating, life-giving, and his way is loving, liberating and live-giving, you see that up at the top, the movement is about a community of people baptized and committed to living that and helping this world to reflect that. It doesn’t even have to make everybody Episcopalian though that would be nice, it wouldn’t be bad, but that is not the point of it. The point of it is to transform the world so that it looks something as Bishop Stokes said last night something like the reign, the kingdom of God in our world. Like the Lord’s Prayer, “Thy Kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.”
And so that top piece of the chart was kind of fleshing out the Jesus Movement a little bit more, just in that simple statement, “Following Jesus into a loving, liberating, life-giving relationship with God and with each other,” is the summary of the law Jesus already taught us. We’re not coming up with anything new. We are living the way of Jesus. That is the way we are headed, we are people of the way, Jesus is our direction.
And then at our General Convention we were aware of this and we talked about this. General Convention identified three mission priorities and two were very clear and when the officers and canons met we realized when were together that there was a third. That’s where the third one came from, General Convention was clear about Evangelism and Reconciliation but we know Environmental Stewardship is critically important in this moment too, because all too often people needing liberation are the ones who experience firsthand the harmful impact of what happens when we don’t care for God’s creation. So we focus on those three.
I was at a gathering with other Bishops and Archbishops when I was asked to explain the actions of our General Convention, with particular interest in our changing the marriage canon. There were obviously questions and concerns, but I can tell you that when I said that this reflects who we are in Christ, that that’s how we are living into being followers of Jesus Christ and reflecting what St. Paul said in Galatians 3, “All who are baptized into Christ have put on Christ, there are no longer Jew or Greek, slave or free, male or female, all are one in Christ.” Our brothers and sisters listened, even where there might be disagreement.
Then I said, “Now, the next thing you need to know that our General Convention did, we worked on Evangelism.” We are really talking about participating in re-evangelization of the West. And re-evangelization in a way and evangelism that actually looks something like Jesus of Nazareth and not like cultural accretions around Jesus of Nazareth. And that’s an important distinction to make.
And I have to tell you the room changed. One bishop actually asked, “The Episcopal Church is actually doing Evangelism?” And I said, “My Brother, that’s what we’re about. I wouldn’t be a Presiding Bishop if we weren’t doing that.” That is what we are talking about. The room, the conversation changed and focused on Evangelism.
And then when we went to Racial Reconciliation. Others in the world know about the racial and other polarizations in American society. They knew about Charleston, they knew about our struggles here.
The gospel work of Racial Reconciliation and the work of Evangelism really did resonate.
And the third one, when I talked about Environmental Stewardship, at first they said, “What are you talking about?” I said, “About the care of God’s creation.” “What are you talking about?” If we mess up the earth where we all have to live then none of us is going live! And then they started talking about ways in which damage to the climate and the environment is impacting them directly. My point is the three mission priorities, which is the three pillar-like things there actually resonate beyond our church because they have to do with our following the way of Jesus, helping to make this world and this global community something that really does resemble God’s dream and not our nightmare.
And so General Convention did that and that’s what those three represent. Then we kept looking at what is the work of the church because General Convention set those missional priorities: Evangelism, Racial Reconciliation and Environmental Stewardship. That doesn’t mean that’s all we’re doing because there is an ongoing life of the church that makes work on those priorities possible.
That next foundational piece, the ongoing work of the church, there’s a lot of stuff that goes on in that area, that’s ongoing, and that’s part of the life and the mission of the church. Some of that ongoing work is work within the Episcopal Church to support and nurture it and to encourage the work that actually happens in congregations and in the life of our people. I’ve said this before, we don’t need the church-wide community to do what dioceses do better, and we don’t need the church-wide community and the dioceses to do what congregations do better. There are roles for all to play. We don’t need to try to replicate on a churchwide level what a congregation or a diocese does. We need to do at the churchwide level what we can’t do at other levels and do that in what’s which bring everybody together throughout our church.
And so the ongoing work of the church and the work of keeping us together in our churchwide community, is important. It helps us do the other work. Some of this has to do with our life together within the church, and some of it has to do with our life together beyond the Episcopal Church in terms of Anglican Communion, our ecumenical and interfaith relationships, as well as our relationships with government, whether it be with U.S. government in particular or the United Nations. So you have ongoing work within the Episcopal Church, ongoing work beyond the Episcopal Church.
And then the foundation at the bottom. Governance, finance, and legal. That’s the stuff that keeps the machinery going. I used to say when I was a parish priest that I spent most of my time with doctors and morticians. When I became a bishop I spent my time mostly with lawyers and Russ Randall and his friends, I mean his employers. Governance, finance, legal, all of it, operations, that’s the stuff that undergirds, it helps this ministry work, it greases the wheels, it actually helps us get going again, and it helps us to plan for good strategic and efficient ways forward.
That’s the big broader picture of what might this Jesus Movement might look like on a churchwide level, both in terms of how we kind of organize, maybe even how we do our budget, but it’s a way of conceptualizing, the pillars, mission priorities, the ongoing work of the church within without, and legal, financial, operation that makes it all happen.. And our church has a long and faithful history, I’ve seen it, of faithful witness to the Gospel of Jesus. And in our time it may be to awaken that in some new ways. I heard once that Billy Sunday the evangelist, at one point, this must have been turn of the century, the 19th or 20th century, he apparently said, “Heaven help the rest of Protestantism if the Episcopal Church ever wakes up.” And I heard that saying but I didn’t really know the context or the history of it and I quoted it in New York at the Church Club dinner and Bishop Dietsche and one of the priests came up and they told me the backstory of that quote which I had wondered about – was it a compliment, was it a backhanded compliment, I wasn’t quite sure what he really meant by it. And this priest who I believe is at St. George’s said the story behind that quote is that Billy Sunday had been invited to St. George’s Church in New York to actually do a revival there. He had never visited an Episcopal church before, and he came and did his revival thing and he happened to walk in the pews and he saw a Book of Common Prayer and he started reading the Book of Common Prayer. And as he read the Book of Common Prayer, he lifted his head and said, “Heaven help the rest of the Protestant world if the Episcopal Church ever wakes up.”
My Brothers and Sisters, we are awake.
God bless.VM products (and others in the surrounding ecosystem) then I’d thoroughly recommend these events- there’s just the right balance between real technical accounts direct from the coalface and marketing of new and interesting products
Rubrik
After introductions the sessions were kicked off with sponsors Rubrik showcasing their data protection tools and how they scale to support a virtual environment. It’s an impressive setup- Rubrik nodes within an organisation take policy driven backups of the virtual environment, their differentiator is the ability to spin up backups for test/DR purposes direct from the node- making restores almost instant. Entire VMs or individual files,SQL Tables, or exchange mailboxes can be live mounted from the device without the need for a separate restore step first. The on-premises nodes can be backed by AWS/Azure cloud storage for long term retention purposes.
vSphere 6.5 What’s new, what’s cool
Next up was Paul Nothard from VMware to talk through the new features of the latest vSphere. In true “Top Gear” styleee, Paul (and his glamorous assistant) used a Cool Wall to allow the audience to rate some of the new additions. Unsurprisingly, most of the features landed down the “Cool”/”Seriously Cool” end of the board- built-in vCenter Server Appliance HA, Encrypted VMs and vMotion, improvements in the VCSA monitoring capabilities, and good migration from earlier versions of vSphere for example. I do feel that some of the new features are perhaps only considered cool because of the uncool designs in some of their predecessors- the HTML5 client is cool because of the much-maligned Flash client it replaces, and the integrated VUM in vCenter Server Appliances is great but possibly it’s coolness is heightened by the awkward situation before where VUM required a separate Windows server.
An Admins Guide to AWS
A packed house saw the first community session of the day where Chris Porter and Alex Galbraith took the stage to give us an introduction to AWS. The pair covered all the fundamentals of the cloud architecture- from setting your account up (top tip- remember to enable MFA!) through to the networking, storage, and compute offerings. They also highlighted some of the different thinking required when deploying an application to AWS rather than an on-premises vSphere environment- using load balancing as vMotion is not available for example, and taking advantage of the incredible scaling abilities the worlds biggest public cloud offers.
StorMagic
After lunch I attended the second sponsor session, this time from StorMagic- talking about software defined storage and where their SvSAN product sits in the maturing hyperconverged marketplace. SvSAN sits as a Virtual Storage Appliance on 2 or more nodes (with a remote witness to avoid Split-Brain problems) within a Virtual Environment. Their take is that compared to VMware’s vSAN which sits in the hypervisor, the VSA approach allows more flexibility on storage and can even be hypervisor agnostic. StorMagic highlight their ability to measure storage needs and therefore size a storage solution close to the customers needs- meeting the demands but minimising wastage by playing to the strengths of each storage medium available.
PaaS
For my final session I chose Ricky El-Qasem’s PaaS marathon. Ricky guided us through the basics of microservices, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, 12-factor Cloud Native apps. He told us how PaaS was coming out of it’s niche and into the mainstream. The architecture of cloud native apps is API-driven and designed around scalability, not storing data locally (and hard-coded UNC paths to Access databases are now frowned upon :) ), and microservices each doing a small task and capable of working independently of each other. Of the analogies used, the one that fit best for me was being able to fix/replace/upgrade a single carriage (microservice) on a train (application), rather than the entire train.
Ricky has also prepared a quick install guide for anyone who wants to try out CloudFoundry in their lab- PCF-Quick-Install-Guide-1.pdf
Thanks
Thanks to the sponsors Rubrik, iland, and StorMagic, and in particular to the London VMUG Committee who volunteer their time to put these events on. The next London VMUG will be on the 6th April 2017.
Workplace.
By helping organizations prevent absences before they occur, respond quickly when workplace absenteeism occurs, and return employees to work safely and efficiently, Workplace Medical is keeping Canada working.
Learn More
Join Microsoft’s Financial Conference on March 5th at Microsoft Canada HQ to learn how to control the costs of Absenteesim – The CFO Perspective.Eight stars
First and foremost, a large thank you to NetGalley, Val McDermid, Grove Atlantic, and Atlantic Monthly Press for providing me with a copy of this publication, which allows me to provide you with an unbiased review.
Whenever I see a piece by Val McDermid, I know it will be a rollercoaster ride through the world of thrills and mystery. This series debut was no exception, as McDermid not only introduces the reader to a gritty investigative journalist, but takes things back to a time before the technological breakthrough made journalism a 24/7 reporting game. Allie Burns is a well-balanced journalist, but has come to realise that working in Scotland in the late 1970s is not as easy as she would have hoped. It’s 1979 and she’s stuck writing about issues that are important to women, rather than getting bloody in the real issues of the day. When Allie meets fellow reporter, Danny Sullivan, they decide to take Glasgow by storm. Their work reveals some real winners, including a tax fraud scheme that is sure to rock the country. However, it is a political piece that could really make a difference, while putting them both in the crosshairs of some troublesome individuals. Allie soon faces a significant setback, but is determined not to let this derail her passion or gritty personality. An intriguing start to a new series for Val McDermid.
Allie Burns had hoped that 1979 would allow her to get off on the right foot, but things were not looking too great. The year started with a massive blizzard and she was tasked with reporting it, as well as sundry other ‘light’ stories that her editor thought she might be able to handle. As an investigative journalist, Allie Burns had hoped to uncover the major stories in and around Glasgow, but she was relegated to the fluff, things that ‘women would want to read about’.
Danny Sullivan had issues of his own in 1979, but it was not a lack of action. Rather, he’d uncovered a major tax fraud scheme taking place, where businessmen could siphon off their money and invest it in an offshore bank on the other side of the world. What’s worse, Danny’s own brother was in the thick of it, making the story all the more delicate. Slow and steady, he told himself, all in the hopes of making the headline and earning a decent byline.
When Allie and Danny began working together, they proved to be unstoppable. Both full of grit and determination, the pair were able to turn up every stone and get to the heart of the matter, impressing editors and readers alike. While they worked on the tax story, news arose about something else in the lead up to the Scottish Referendum on Devolution. Danny made inroads with a group who sought to turn up the heat and bring a little violence to help things along.
Sitting on the story, both Danny and Allie knew they’d need to take action if there was any chance of catching the exclusive. Danny worked from the inside, befriending the group and discovering their ties to the IRA, while Allie used her superior writing skills to pen the story they’d present for publication. It was around this time that Allie learned another secret that Danny had been keeping, one that could really cause him grief. However, this was one story that Allie vowed to keep under her hat.
When the stories broke and the accolades came tumbling in, Allie set about to celebrate with Danny, only to discover that he’d been murdered in his flat. Who could have done such a thing and for what reason? While Allie was well aware that they had both made many enemies, she could not surmise who would want to take such drastic action. Donning her investigative hat, this was one story she’d have to write alone, fuelled by the need for answers and a truth that was hiding in the shadows. McDermid does well with this piece, keeping the reader hooked until the final page turn.
While I have long enjoyed the work of Val McDermid, I am usually arriving well after the series has started and playing catch-up. It was nice to get an early peek at this series and see that it is sure to pack quite a punch for the reader and anyone else who takes the time to enjoy it. McDermid has done well to develop the series and keep the reader on their toes throughout. I have high hopes for this novel and the series that is to come.
Allie Burns plays a strong protagonist throughout, though she dies share the limelight for most of the novel with Danny Sullivan. Both have great backstories and find the time to develop throughout this piece. Their connection is primarily with work, but there are personal moments that show a deeper and more meaningful linkage. Complemented by others who grace the pages of the book, McDermid adds characters who matter and whose placement provides a flavour for the narrative that keeps the story on track.
While there are many angles a thriller can take to deliver on crime and confrontation, McDemid always seems able to find a new approach. Readers can revel in that and find something that they can take away for themselves, finding a degree of excitement. The narrative flowed well throughout, keeping the story moving in a forward direction. Characters kept the piece exciting and intriguing, not least because of their Scottish slang that was peppered throughout. McDermid puts Scotland front and centre throughout, providing a treat for those who are not from the region. I quite enjoyed the grittiness that emerged as the story developed and cannot wait to see how Allie Burns will emerge into the 1980s, scarred but not broken.
Kudos, Madam McDermid, for another winner. You always seem to find a way to impress me with your writing.
Be sure to check for my review, first posted on Mystery and Suspense, as well as a number of other insightful comments by other reviewers.
A Book for All Seasons, a different sort of Book Challenge:Brian Hilbert
Great day on the water today. Lots of fish very eager to eat. Cooler night time temps have the water cold and the trout happy. We stuck with standard nymph rigs today running a pats rubber legs to a rainbow warrior to a zebra midge. Didn’t have to change flies all day. Found fish mostly in the riffles or deeper water. I was running about 4’ of tippet to my point fly then 14” between the other two flies to make sure they were getting down to the fish. 40+ landed on the day. Good luck out there!GIS Software System for Waste Disposal
Simple, Complete and Safe
Waste Disposal is a digital solution that enables customers to comply with all regulations in force concerning collection and disposal of waste produced in industrial plants, whether it be hazardous or non-hazardous waste; it also supports operators in managing chemical labs reports and in defining Environmental Protection Reports.
Waste Disposal Software Features:
- Reports, forms and templates are completed within just a few steps;
- It contains specific forms for quotations, contracts, invoices and much more;
- Alerts and notifications for expired authorizations, exceeding of storage limits and all critical inconsistencies;
- Click and your Environmental Protection Reports will be ready!
Why Should You Choose It:
- It makes easier the transition from paper to electronic document
- It offers comprehensive service applications
- It points out anomalies, reducing human made errors
- Easy to upgrade
Connettiti con Noi!
Resta informato sui nuovi sviluppi di GIS!
Inscrivendoti alla newsletter acconsenti al trattamento dei tuoi dati personali per l'invio delle nostre comunicazioni commercialiTake in the natural beauty of Sri Lanka while it's in reach.
If you’ve been dreaming of running wild in the fields of Sri Lanka, now’s the time to do it. Helloworld’s latest offer has something for everyone – particularly those who love nature, wildlife and fresh air.
Picture getting up-close to wild leopards on a safari, meeting baby turtles at a hatchling, chasing blue whales off the coastline, visiting sacred buddhist sites, hopping aboard old-school scenic train rides, wandering through lush green landscapes, learning to cook with locals and exploring the markets and spice gardens of this stunning nation.
From day one, you’ll fly into Colombo, from which you’ll visit awe-inspiring temples and more. From Colombo, you’ll head to Anuradhapura, stopping on your way at a famed fish market. Next, you’ll visit the magical Sigiriya, and onward to Kandy. Here, you’ll rise early to visit the interesting ‘Temple of the Tooth’. From Kandy, you’ll hop on a train to Nuwara Eliya.
By day 10, you’ll be approaching the inimitably beautiful Yala National Park. There, you’ll see Little Adam’s Peak and pass the Ravana Waterfalls. The next morning, you’re likely to spot leopards running through the field.
From Yala, you’ll head to Mirissa where sacred treasures abount, and from Mirissa onward to Hikkaduwa for a boat ride to find blue whales – then back to Colombo.
The package includes 14 nights hotel accommodation, transport and transfers, safaris, entrance fees to national parks, an expert English-speaking tour leader, all tips, breakfasts daily and many more meals. All this? From AUD$3,749 per person twin share. For more information, or to book your trip, visit Helloworld. Offer ends 3 December 2018.
Need more inspiration? Read up on the best things to do in Sri Lanka.
Join the conversationLog in RegisterTrask Gallatin Leather Belt
- Regular Price
- $85
- Sale Price
- $85
- Regular Price
- $120
Sold Out
- Unit Price
- per
Full-grain Horween® American bison leather is enhanced with contrast double-needle topstitching and a brushed nickel buckle.
- Hand-selected Horween® American bison leather
- Brushed nickel buckle
- Leather lined
- 1 3/8"W
- Made in the USAA modern workplace uses the newest technology and automation systems to optimize the facility and business operations. No industry is exempt from evolving, and that especially includes the manufacturing industry. Industrial automation systems have digitized what’s necessary to monitor and… 
Posts Tagged ‘building automation’
Smart Technology’s Influence On Commercial Buildings
Approaching Cybersecurity in Smart Buildings
Smart buildings have become an integral component of various sector’s success and commercial solutions. The ability to monitor and control building automation functions rewards facilities with improved operational efficiencies and saved costs. These functions are made possible by the interconnectivity… 
Building Automation Systems Need Real-Time Data
3 Benefits Of A Building Automation System for Commercial Building
Top 5 Trends In Building Automation
Steps for Successful Smart Building Automation
Commercial building automation is becoming more popular every year, as businesses continue to see the potential benefits of their investment. Are you considering adding building automation to your commercial space? Here’s what you need to know before you get started!
A Guide To Building Automation SystemsFirst,.
What was Fortnite originally called?
“Fortnite” was originally built around a game mode called “Save the World,” which has players work together to defend themselves against waves of zombies.
What does Fortnite stand for?
FORTNITE. Find Only Right Times, Not Into Top Effort. Computing » Gaming. Fortnite a 12?
Fortnite violence and medical dangers This means that it is illegal for anyone under the age of 12 to purchase the game for themselves. The VSC states why it gave the game a 12 rating. “Violence consists of you using whatever weapons you can find or make to fend off the monsters of the Storm and save the survivors.
Is Fortnite OK for kids?
What age should kids be to play Fortnite? Common Sense recommends Fortnite for teens 13 and up, primarily because of the open chat and action violence.
What does whisper mean’..
Should an 11 year old play.
What age is TikTok?
What is the minimum age for TikTok? 13 is the minimum age according to TikTok’s terms and conditions.
Can a.qtp online training in USA
Quick Test Professional(QTP) Online Training and Placement Assistance
HP QTP is known as Quick Test Professional and it is an automation and regression tool used to test various software applications. It performs functional testing through user interface and website. QTP / UFT professionals use VB script language to perform the test procedures and control the application. QTP / UFT help to reduce the phases of testing life cycle while executing the test cases. It is very simple to use QTP to analyze the test cases. Automation testing has various benefits like it is very fast, reliable, reusable, reliable and comprehensive. QTP is supported by windows applications, web applications, and visual basic applications by giving support for many programming languages. Some important features of qtp online training are known as below:
- It uses VB script language.
- It runs on windows application
- It supports various technologies like web, java, dot net, SAP, oracle, PeopleSoft and Siebel.
- Qtp online training is a Basic testing method to create a test is record and playback.
QTP online training will be a good source to get ahead in your career as a testing professional in a top company. Our training includes basic concepts to advanced scripting to get understand the topics with real scenario based practical examples. QTP training will give you edge in learning many concepts about automation testing, basic concepts of QTP / UFT testing processes, planning, generating and execution of test cases, working with test objects, VB script and run time verification. We have very experienced professionals as faculty to facilitate training. This course is most useful for beginners to experienced professionals and we provide recorded videos for life time access. Integral development environment has various features to help a tester in developing a script to execute the test successfully.
Sample of Mock Interview Session
Our qtp online training course teaches you below concepts:
- Basic introduction on QTP course with real time example.
- How to record and run a script files.
- What is OR file.
- How to share object repository.
- About check point file.
- About multiple usable actions file.
- About web applications file.
>
LoadRunner Online Training
Upto 50% OFF on QA, BA, Selenium, Java, BIG DATA HADOOP, .NET, ISTQB Enroll Today!!
CALL: +1-678-919-1990Buy Magoosh Price Specification
> support.
The company also has free mobile apps for both iPhone and Android – Buy Magoosh Price Specification. consumer base started to expand, the GMAT product and the Magoosh team continued to grow. Buy Magoosh Price Specification. Pejman stepped far from business in 2010 to pursue other chances however remained on the board. Hansoo and Bhavin hired two full-time staff members and, with them on board, established a brand-new prep program for the GRE.
Buy Magoosh Price Specification
> actually been ranked by Inc.
Buy Magoosh Price Specification
and by Entrepreneur publication as one of the finest entrepreneurial business in America. [] San Francisco Business Times No. 21 Fastest-Growing Private” – Buy Magoosh Price Specification.
> Magoosh Price Specification. “Interview With Founder Of Magoosh – Online Test Prep”. Killerstartups.com. 2012-08-21. Obtained 2013-06-21.
Buy Magoosh Price Specification
Rightstartups.com. 2013-04-20. Obtained 2013-06-21. “Group”. Magoosh. Obtained. Recovered 2016-12-14. “Inc. Magazine “. inc.com. 2016-04-10. Obtained 2016-12-14. “2016 Work Regional Awards”. localwisejobs. Buy Magoosh Price Specification.com. 2016-04-10. Retrieved 2015-06-11. “The Bay Area” (Buy Magoosh Price Specification). Newsroom.intel.com. 2010-11-18. Recovered 2013-06-21. ^ “North Bridge Endeavor Partners Announces Winners of $150K Seed Capital Competitors|North Bridge”. Nbvp.northbridge.com. Obtained 2013-06-21.Deadly Night by Vanessa Nelson Deadly Night by Vanessa Nelson Newly-promoted Watch Officer Thea March is assigned her very first death investigation. Someone has brutally killed a young woman and dumped her body in an empty warehouse. The only real clue left at the scene points to one of the elite – the Ageless – as being involved. The Watch might ignore one anonymous woman’s death, but when more bodies appear, killed in the same way, the deaths attract the attention of the ruling elite, and Mage Niath is assigned to work with Thea to hunt down the killer. Having spent most of her life trying to avoid attracting the attention of the elite, the last thing that Thea wants is a prominent mage shadowing her every move. But they will have to depend on each other, and all the skills at their disposal, to hunt down and stop the killer. $0.00 Previously $0.99 Category: Fantasy – Sword & SorceryWell over half of polled NBA fans think the Dubs are the favorites in the Western Conference.
Welcome to SB Nation Reacts, a survey of fans across the NBA. Each week, we send out questions to the most plugged-in Golden State Warriors fans and fans across the country. Sign up here to join Reacts.
The Golden State Warriors are rolling. They’re absolutely rolling.
After a shocking fourth quarter turned a double-digit deficit into a blowout win against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday night, the Dubs sit at 13-2. It’s the best record in the league, and the team’s best start since they opened with the same record in 2016-17, the first year of Kevin Durant’s tenure with the team.
And NBA fans have taken notice.
The Warriors have done all of their damage without Klay Thompson, who is still more than a month away from returning. Fans all over the league — and certainly those who root for the Dubs — are already dreaming about how dominant this already-potent team can be when they add another Hall of Famer to the mix.
Though many people started the season with the Warriors on the outside looking in, in terms of the league’s elite, the public opinion has quickly shifted. According to the latest SB Nation Reacts poll, the majority of polled NBA fans now view the Dubs as favorites in the Western Conference, with more than five times as many votes as the second-place finisher.
/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/23026800/Reacts_NATIONAL_NBA_11160nat2.png)
If they keep playing like this, that number is only going to go up. Personally, I vote for that.
Check out DraftKings Sportsbook, the official sportsbook partner of SB Nation.Today, the Inkpunks invited me to talk about speculative poetry.Â Â April isÂ National Poetry Writing MonthÂ Â in which poets often try to write a poem a day.Â Â Like all writing, poetry benefits from continued on-going practice, so I encourage you, if you are interested in writing poetry, to set yourself goals.Â Â A poem a week might be more realistic, though.
In this blog, Iâ€™ve tried to answer some questions that I think might be on readerâ€™s minds about speculative poetry.Â Â If I donâ€™t address a question that is of interest to you, put it in the comments and we can keep the dialogue going.
What is speculative poetry?Â Â Any poem that addresses a topic that could be the subject of a speculative short story is going to fit into this category.Â Â So that includes:Â Â a poem about a character who is recognizably part of any speculative fiction genre (sci fi, fantasy, horror, fairy tale, magic realism), a poem that describes an event or object that implies the existence of magic or the supernatural, or a poem that is set in a place that is recognizably other (2ndÂ world fantasy, another planet, etc).Â
Do speculative poets have an organization?Â Â Yes,Â SFPAÂ â€”The Science Fiction Poetry Association.Â Â Note that this group covers all speculative poetry, and not solely science fiction.Â Â This organization selects each yearâ€™sÂ Rhysling Awards.
Which markets publish speculative poetry?Â Â Thereâ€™s a greatÂ list of marketsÂ Â at the web-site for SFPA at.Â Â Some key markets which accept open submission includeÂ Stone Telling,Â Goblin Fruit,Â Strange Horizons,Â The Pedestal Magazine,Â Mythic Delirium, andÂ Eye to the Telescope.Â Â Â Also, keep an eye out for anthologies that accept poetry on the usual market search engines, likeÂ Duotrope.
What makes a good speculative poem?Â Â This is subjective, like all writing, but one of the reasons I highlighted the markets that publish speculative poetry is to encourage you to read work that others have found worth publishing, so you can see for yourself.Â Â The use of powerful images â€“ sharp unexpected vivid description â€“ is one key.Â
What makes a poem sell?Â Â This relates to the quality of the poem, but there are a few more tips to consider here.Â Â Like with short fiction, assume that each market and associated editors have their own preferences.Â Â Look at what has been published previously by that market.Â Â Do they seem to prefer free verse or form, or do they publish a mix?Â Â Most markets will tell you what their length preference is.Â Â For example,Â Ink ScrawlÂ only accepts poems of ten lines or less.Â Â You may also see a preference for a particular genre, or subject matter.Â Â Also, look for â€œthemeâ€ issues, and be sure that you follow the theme.Â Remember that the brilliant poets with whom you compete for any given market may not have something in their trunk for a very specific call, so that can be an opportunity.Â Â Examples of recent theme calls related to the type of poem include:Â Â persona poetryÂ andÂ ekphrastic poetry.Â Â Donâ€™t be intimidated if you arenâ€™t initially familiar with the type; the internet will give you plenty of relevant examples.Â Â Ekphrastic poetry, for example, addresses a work of visual art.Â Â The poem that I published in the current issue ofÂ The Pedestal MagazineÂ was written specifically for that call.Â Â As another example,Â Eye to the TelescopeÂ is currently looking for a topic theme:Â LGBT, gender-neutral, and intersexual themed speculative poems, due by June 15.
How do you write a formal poem?Â Â (And, why bother if you can just write free verse)?Â Â A formal poem follows a known poetic form.Â Â This creates constraints related to the number of lines, the stresses and/or syllables per line, the use of rhyme, and the use of repeated words or lines.Â Â For me, writing a formal poem is similar to writing a short story to a very specific submission call â€“ the specificity forces you beyond your first idea and into something new that you might not otherwise have written, and there is beauty in what happens when you are working within constraints.Â Â Common forms include:Â Â haiku,Â tanka,Â villanelle,Â sonnet, andÂ sestina.Â Â Less common forms include:Â Â acrostic,Â pantoum,Â triolet,Â terzanelle, andÂ terza rima.Â Â When formal poetry works well, the form does not seem intrusive.Â Â It shouldnâ€™t feel like an idea is getting contorted into an uncomfortable shape â€“ it should feel like there is something about the form that reinforces the idea.Â Â For example, I used a sestina forÂ Future LovecraftÂ because, to my mind, there is something evocative of madness and of Lovecraftian writing in general in the repetition of a few key words over and over.
How did you learn to write poetry?Â Â Practice is key, but I will confess that Iâ€™ve had more practice than most people.Â Â I come from a family of amateur poetry writers, so we wrote poems for birthdays, and graduations, and funerals, and other celebrations.Â Â I also studied poetry writing as an undergraduate at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, which included training in many poetic forms.Â
I hope aspiring poets have found this overview helpful.Â Â I do think the practice of writing poetry will also improve your short fiction.Â Â So, even if you never publish a poem, it may be a useful craft to practice.Â
Good luck!
Mae Empson
Trackbacks
[...] it out here:Â Like this:LikeBe the first to like this [...]
[...] Inkpunks (Mae Empson) on Speculative Poetry 101. [...]
[...] Inkpunks (Mae Empson) on Speculative Poetry 101. [...]Our ours of operation are from 8:00am to 5:00pm Monday through Friday.
Orders can be picked up from our main location during normal business hours or we can ship your order to you directly. Local delivery is also available for a small fee.
We accept most major credit/debit cards, check and cash payment.
R.K. Black Office is thoroughly committed to ensuring that you are satisfied with your experience and offers a satisfaction guarantee on our products. If you are not fully satisfied with a product you’ve received, you can contact us within 30 days after the delivery date to resolve the issue. We strive to maintain the highest standards possible to meet your expectations. Your satisfaction is our number one priority.
Bulk pricing is available for large orders. Please contact us for more information.Day Trade Without Restriction: No Pattern Day Trader Rule in Futures Trading
One benefit of futures trading is that there is no Pattern Day Trader (PDT) rule restricting how many trades can be placed in a week. In contrast to the stock market where restrictions are in place to limit day traders, traders are actually encouraged to day trade in futures markets.
As a futures trader, you can trade long or short multiple times a day or week without worrying about day trading restrictions.
What is the Pattern Day Trader (PDT) Rule?
The pattern day trader rule requires day traders of stocks and stock options to maintain a minimum of $25,000 in their margin accounts. A “pattern day trader” is defined as a trader who executes four or more round turn trades within 5 business days (on the same account).
In response to the dot-com stock bubble which began in the late 90’s, the PDT rule was introduced in 2001 by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). These restrictions were put in place to reduce excessive day trading of stocks.
Are There Day Trading Restrictions for Futures Traders?
In contrast to trading stocks, futures trading actually provides certain advantages to day traders.
Chiefly, there is no PDT rule in place governing how many trades futures traders can take in a week. All futures trading relies on margin, essentially a good-faith deposit required to control a futures contract. This good-faith deposit is what enables futures traders to buy and sell contracts with a much greater relative value, known as leverage.
Futures leverage allows traders to control contracts with more value than their initial investment. In fact, futures offer the best leverage for the margin, much better than even the most aggressive leveraged ETFs.
Please note: Financial leverage can result in losses greater than the initial margin and traders should be aware of the risks involved in trading futures.
Learn more about futures day trading in this two-minute video:
Are Futures Ideal for Day Trading?
Since day traders may only stay in a trade for just a few minutes or even seconds, highly-leveraged assets such as futures help make such short-term trading more financially feasible.
Opposite of stocks, futures trading actually requires less money to day trade. Initial margin, or the margin required to maintain a position overnight, is much higher than intraday margin requirements. In other words, futures markets encourage day trading whereas the stock market discourages intraday trading with the PDT rule.
How Much Money Is Required to Day Trade Futures?
As previously mentioned, futures margin is a good-faith deposit required to control a futures contract. This is much different than in the stock market, where margin is comparable to a down payment.
Futures margin generally represents a smaller percentage of the notional value, typically 3-12% of the contract value. In comparison, margin in equities trading can be as much as 50% of face value.
Because of the incredible leverage futures offer, futures traders can open accounts with a significantly lower financial commitment. At NinjaTrader Brokerage, for example, you can open an account with only $400.
Futures intraday margins are determined by brokers and clearing Futures Commission Merchants (FCMs) and futures overnight margins are determined by the exchange. As long as you meet the margin requirements, you can trade as much as you want long or short term..Clevedon primary school pupils celebrate artistic success
Mary Elton Primary School pupils celebrating their success. - Credit: Supplied
Mary Elton Primary School pupils have won prizes for creating pictures inspired by Clevedon Pier.
As part of North Somerset Arts Week, the children were challenged to create pieces in a variety of categories.
Headteacher Dean Hudd said: “We are so proud of our pupils.
“We regularly encourage them to enter competitions.
“They have done tremendously well.”
The school has also rewarded pupils’ good behaviour by allowing them to enjoy biscuits and squash with Mr Hudd.
The Star Behaviour scheme will see pupils who have demonstrated extra effort or consistently behave well given the chance to meet with the headteacher on the final day of
Teacher Cheryl Brown said: “At Mary Elton, we believe that children deserve to be praised for their positive behaviour and attitudes.
“We also feel that children should develop a sense of inner pride.”After being released as a Tidal-exclusive over the weekend, Beyoncé and JAY-Z’s new joint EVERYTHING IS LOVE album is now available on all streaming services. The alum consist of nine tracks which is listed under “THE CARTERS and features appearances from the likes Quavo, Ty Dolla Sign and Pharrell. EVERYTHING IS LOVE’s Spotify release is limited though and will be available to all users on July 2. The album dropped during the couple’s “On the Run II” tour, which runs in Europe until July 17, before Beyoncé and JAY-Z tour across the US from July 25 until October 4.Pictures by PC CAM Video - 3 Axis Spiral Finishing
Pictures by PC CAD/CAM software includes 3 and 5 axis spiral finishing strategies. Spiral finishing is ideal for the milling of steep and flat regions using a single spiral milling toolpath. Spiral toolpaths result in reduced milling times and improved surface finish.Cherry Pecan Nut Butter Bar
$2.59
The Cherry Pecan Bar blends fresh-roasted peanut + pecan nut butter with whole roasted pecans, tart dried cherries, gluten-free whole grains, non-GMO pea protein, and raw wildflower honey. Allergen info: Contains peanuts, tree nuts & coconut.
Shipping
Why Buy From Us
Reviews
Custom Tab
LT01: 70% wool, 15% polyester, 10% polyamide, 5% acrylic 900 Grms/mtBusiness leaders know that environmental, social and governance issues are increasingly important - to their customers, their people and their investors. This is no longer a "nice to have", but a key part of doing business in the modern world. At Mills & Reeve, we are bringing an ever-increasing focus to our own business practices, and, more importantly, to how we can support our clients in achieving their own ESG goals. Here we consider what this means for the life sciences sector and what steps we are seeing organisations take to make a real difference.
A responsible approach to doing business has long been a priority for the life sciences sector. In this highly regulated industry, the risk of harm is intrinsically high. This means that compliance with not just the letter of the law, but also the underlying principles, is at the forefront of minds from the top to the bottom of a well-run organisation. Dealing with products and services that affect the health of many individuals, and with ethically complex issues like genetic modification, means that organisations regularly encounter the need to make difficult choices, and to be accountable for the decisions they make.
What are the E, S and G?
ESG brings in a wide range of topics and concerns, and while there are some universal touchpoints, the main issues will vary from sector to sector. The ESG metric helps organisations to think through all of the issues – including those that they might not previously have identified for attention. Delving more deeply into the acronym:
- Environmental is all about reducing our impact on the planet and addressing the climate crisis.
- Social looks at the impact that an organisation has on the people that work within it, and within its business partners, and the communities that it serves.
- Finally, Governance focuses on ensuring that an organisation has a strong decision-making structure that is fit for purpose and ensures that the likely end-points are taken into account in any decision taken.
Attracting investors
Investors are increasingly focusing on the ESG perspective when making decisions as to where to allocate capital. Likewise retail investment funds are under pressure from the market to provide ethical options. Public market regulators set standards to be met by larger companies. Falling short in these areas is increasingly seen as a risk factor for investors, exposing a business to the possibility of problems like regulatory sanctions and product recalls. Such is the pressure to move towards sustainability, that some investors find it difficult to identify sufficient opportunities that match their criteria.
Analysis by index-provider MSCI relies on a break-down weighting factors by sector. The MSCI ESG Industry Materiality Map identifies the following areas as particularly important for its assessment of life sciences businesses:
- E: carbon emissions, and toxic emissions and waste
- S: human capital development, product safety and quality, and access to health care
- G: ownership and control, board, pay, accounting, business ethics, and tax transparency
New ways to do business
Major pharmaceutical companies have been active for many years in building responsible supply chains. As part of a global industry, they have faced the need to address problems around ethical and responsible business earlier than most. Collaborative projects like the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative help businesses to collaborate in promoting responsible supply chain management and better business conditions across the industry.
For smaller and younger organisations developing and embedding best practice can be a challenge.
There are relatively straightforward changes that can be introduced into day-to-day practices. Tightening up auditing and reporting provisions in contracts with commercial partners can, where appropriate, drive better behaviours in your supply chain. It can also help to demonstrate that you are taking action in your regular business activities.
Some activities can be updated more extensively, but without necessarily having a detrimental effect on workflow. During the past 18 months, for example, we have seen a much greater use of remote working in clinical trials, with patients able to attend appointments digitally rather than visiting a hospital. Introducing this kind of practice on a long-term basis would see a major reduction in travel requirements for trial subjects. Likewise, the use of digital technologies in everyday clinical practice during the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated that remote appointments and use of health technology can enable greater efficiency and reduced need for travel.
Premises and property
While life sciences organisations may not be among the top contributors to the environmental impact of construction, they often have complex and sophisticated premises requirements. Purpose-built R&D and manufacturing facilities will often have intensive energy needs. As an organisation grows and evolves, it is likely to need a different size and combination of facilities, moving from research towards manufacturing scale-up, for example. This will often mean a change of location.
Organisations can make a positive impact in their selection of new premises. While there are many factors for an organisation to consider when finding a location for expansion or relocation, adding the environmental impact of a building to the list can be a straightforward way to make a substantial, long-term change. Science park specialists We are Pioneer Group, for example, have specific environmental objectives for their sites – such as the Nottingham BioCity Garden. Read more about the environmental agenda for real estate here, and access our report on Building towards net zero.
A diverse talent pool
We find that businesses that take a lead on ESG are more likely to be seen by prospective job candidates as good places to work and so these efforts support both recruitment and retention.
Hiring and developing people from across the community can be a challenge for life sciences. The level of education and specialist skills required may limit the pool of talent available. But considered and well-developed policies for staff can make it possible for organisations to attract and retain diverse individuals who might not otherwise have been able to fulfil their potential. Beyond that, many business leaders are looking far into the future, with mentoring programmes enabling those still in education to build towards a career in life sciences.
Biotechnology as a driver of sustainability
Life science innovation is an important driver of change. Take one example. Agriculture and food production are widely recognised as a major contributor to carbon emissions and environmental degradation, with agriculture and land use change thought to be responsible of 23% of manmade greenhouse gas emissions. Pressures to increase production while reducing environmental impact mean that progress is slow. OECD data on the period 2005-07 to 2015-17 showed an increase of 3% in greenhouse gas emissions to 1.47 Gt of CO2eq. About half of this total was in the form of methane, mainly from livestock sources and rice production, with a similar amount in the form of nitrous oxides originating mainly from the application of organic and inorganic fertilisers. Alternative approaches to agriculture – new crop cultivars developed through breeding or biotechnology, novel microbial animal feeds derived from waste, and methane reduction strategies are identified by the IPCC as potential contributors to both mitigation and adaptation. Likewise, replacement foods such as laboratory-produced meat are gaining in recognition and commercial viability.
Where next?
So we can see that ESG is hugely important to the life sciences sector. Embedding ESG within your business can make the business both financially and environmentally sustainable in the longer term, making the business more attractive to funders, employees and customers alike. And the industry also has a huge part to play in helping solve some of the biggest problems faced by the planet.
These are just some of the themes that we are seeing as the sector embraces the ESG agenda. We will be exploring these, and others, through a process of engagement with our clients, and will share these perspectives in the months ahead. We would welcome your contributions.
There are immense challenges before us but now, as never before, business is reaching out to meet them, and to find solutions.
At Mills & Reeve, we have recently appointed Neil Pearson as head of ESG and social value. Neil, previously a partner in our corporate tax team specialising in impact and social investment, will be heading up our own ESG initiatives and strategies, to put ESG and social value at the centre of how we run our own business. Neil explains:
"ESG is no longer a "nice to have". All organisations, large or small, and whether public or private sector, need to look at how they could embed ESG into every aspect of their operations. However, whilst this is a real challenge for all of us, the benefits of getting this right are huge, both for us as organisations and businesses, and for society as a whole."
The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.Someone:
How to choose the best living room sofa for you?
When you search for good living room sofa reviews, this MELLCOM Convertible Sectional Sofa Couch is worth considering. This product has received high praise from customers. The MELLCOM
A B B C In order to make your shopping more convenient and have a better experience, we have matched several purchase plans for you. The sectional sofa of this plan is composed of 1 side sofa, 1 inner sofa and 1 chaise chair. If you like this plan, you can purchase directly from this listing. MODERN DESIGN The slender shape and fluffy upholstery of the sofa couch are undoubtedly the mid century style, while the soft velvet and modern metal feet bring contemporary elegance.Beautiful without losing solemn, simple without losing generous, adapts to any space and most styles. HIGH QUALITY MATERIAL The sofa set is made of ultra soft and durable velvet fabric upholstery. And the sectional sofa cushions are detachable for easy cleaning after daily use. Free pillows when you buy sofa set. The pillows are most suitable for your home decoration and better improve the comfort of the sofa. COMFORTABLE CUSHION The cushion of this sectional couch is made of high-density sponge thickened cushion to ease the rebound and the seat feels comfortable. It has a soft sinking feeling and stability, making your posture natural and relaxed, so that you can sit comfortably for a long time. Separate cushions ensure maximum comfort for everyone sitting on the sofa. STURDY STRUCTURE The sectional sofa frame is made of solid wood, which is firm and durable to provide long term service time, not easy to deform and crack.Comes with galvanized steel feet that will support you firmly and ensure superior steadiness.
What are the special features of this MELLCOM Convertible Sectional Sofa Couch?
Description
Buying Tips : 1.Each listing shows only the price of a corresponding sofa seat. You can place an order according to your needs, such as 1A 2B 1C. 2.Each sofa seat is delivered in a separate package. Sofa's armrests and legs are placed inside the sofa, and you could find them by opening the black cloth at the bottom of the cushion. The sofa has a stylish and elegant design, add elegance to any space. Sofa can be freely combined according to your own needs, very practical. We give free stylish pillows away.You don t need to buy pillows. Ultra soft and durable velvet fabric upholstery, loose back pillows for a plush look and comfort.The cushion of the sofa is firm and comfortable, the thickened backrest can provide comfortable support. Feature: 1.Each sofa seat is independent and can be easily combined without installation 2.Buy sofa set and get free pillows, cushions are detachable for easy cleaning after daily use 3.Wide sitting area and cushions provide ultimate seating comfort 4.Strong legs, solid wood frame, very good quality 5.Modern home decoration, suitable for living room, bedroom, office, shop or apartment Specification – Color: Dark Grey/Beige/Green/Light Grey – Material: Wooden frame structure Sturdy metal legs velvet -Futon sofa dimensions -1-Seater 27.6 x 27.6 x 27.6 H -Chaise 27.6 x 52 x 27.6 H -Level of Assembly: Partial Assembly Package: 1 Sofa Seat 1 Instructions 1 Hardware Note: 1. Please confirm the address before ordered. 2. If the goods are damaged during transportation or if there are any problems during use, please contact us in time. 3.If you have any problems with the products you receive, or if you need any help, please contact MELLCOM. And we will help you ASAP.
Customer reviewsWould recommend for college kids
Somewhat difficult to line the holes up
See more 17 reviews on this productFinger band
$30
- Date Listed11/04/2020
- Location
- ConditionNew
Nefful 6 pcs finger band for hand wats
Better blood circulation, fast recovery and reduce pain.
Need nefful detergent to wash
Armband SDO SMO Arm band for Social distancing and covid-19 use with mask Fire warden safety aid
$10
Armband SDO SMO Arm band for Social distancing and covid-19 use with mask. custom make with logo and colors and text ....fast and super good quality with all options to have with reflectors and without all up to you. or email renosis1@gmail.com or whatsapp 91817766 for fast reply. evelyn@renosis.com.sg ....big qty $9 only, smaller qty can do too but more expensive
Ready Made Arm Band is Available Now!!!
contact_me
Ready Made Arm Band is Available Now!! Call us for more details!!You can also Customised your Bandana with us now!Drop us a message for all your customisation and printing needs. Email: evelyn@renosis.com.sg renosisdesign3@gmail.com MOQ for standard size and shapes in stock.call 629*** look for Sales Team :)
Button Badge, Safe Distancing Manager ID, Safe Management Officer Nametag, Safety Armbands
contact_me
NO MOQ. Let us know how many do you want to order so we can quote for you. You may email us at renosis1@gmail.com too. We also sell essential items like thermometers, anti-bacterial wipes, sanitizers, face masks, face shields, gowns, hairnets, gloves, social distancing stands, safe distance stickers, acrylic partitions, etc.Visit our website at for more products and informat ...
Carbon steel rubber sleeved cable(0.75 inch thickness)
$5
Carbon steel rubber sleeved cable with strong loops(0.75 inch thickness)1.8m
A6 Notebook Water Bottle
$8
A6 Notebook Water Bottle Dimensions: 155 x 105 x 25 mm (185 if include cap) Capacity :350ML Colour : transparent
BRAND NEW M5Stack M5GO IoT Starter Kit for MicroPython Arduino Programming
>>IMAGE ...
Kitchen equipment
$1
Kitchen table , cooking table , shelf, dustbin etc for saleKevin Drum, September 12, 2016've been thinking for a long time about the ways Hillary Clinton might possibly appease the press and get them to look at her as a living, breathing whole person and not just Bad Hillary. I think I've finally got it.
She needs to stop being who she is and be someone else. She could change her name to--I don't know--Mother Teresa or Mother Jones or Jo Schmo from Kokomo. It's clear she can't go on as Hillary Clinton.
The Hillary she has lived with all her life has to go. The private Hillary can no longer compete with the public Hillary whose persona, crafted over more than 25 years by people who don't even know her, has now become a caricature. It's incredibly difficult to run for president as a caricature, even with an opponent as cartoonish as Donald Trump.
(Here I could say a few thousand words about Donald The Deplorable and never take a breath, but enough about him. I mean. Seriously. Enough.)
So here, for what it's worth, is my suggestion to members of our esteemed Fourth Estate: How about pretending the woman running for president isn't named Hillary Clinton? How about taking a long, thorough look at that woman's record--whoever she is--to see if there is anything, any little thing, that might qualify her for the highest job in the land?
It's on you to be honest about both the pros and cons of this woman who, for this exercise, is not named Hillary Clinton. This woman has been in public service nearly all of her adult life. She was a lawyer first and then she married a man who became the governor of Arkansas and then became the President of the United States.
She was a First Lady twice but nobody knew anything more about her than they knew about Laura Bush or Michelle Obama. She was a senator in the state of New York but nobody knew anything more about her than they knew about her colleague, Chuck Schumer. She ran for president against Barack Obama and lost, which brought her some attention but no more than any other losing candidate. President Obama chose her for Secretary of State but nobody knew any more about her than they knew about Colin Powell or John Kerry.
This woman who isn't named Hillary Clinton has indefatigable energy but doesn't brag about her accomplishments. She's not the best at public speaking but aces it one-on-one and in small groups. She laughs a lot, sometimes even at herself. She's pretty damned popular both here and around the planet.
There are people who hate her but the numbers are lower for her because her name doesn't carry the stigma created and maintained by a real, honest-to-goodness vast Right Wing conspiracy. She makes mistakes, some of them true head-scratchers. She says dumb things she often has to take back. She has been known to consort with filthy rich people who probably want favors from her, and with celebrities who are known Liberals. But she's just one among hundreds of other politicians who don't have to answer for their every waking moment, so it'll be okay. Since she's not Hillary Clinton, she'll be able to concentrate on talking about her dreams, her wishes, her goals for the country.
(She may even be able to struggle through a bout with pneumonia without several days of full-bore "breaking news", not so much about her prognosis but about her lack of due diligence when reporting it to the hovering, stalking press.)
There is a real Hillary Clinton, almost identical to this woman, but if you, as members of our venerable press, want us to believe you've been looking for her, you're going to have to work harder at convincing us. Put away your magnifiers and look at the whole woman before you. Analyze controversies, don't create them. Report truthfully about what you observe. Include context. Let molehills be molehills.
It's not on us, it's not on Hillary, it's on you. Now let's see who you are.
(Cross-posted at Dagblog and Crooks and Liars)
I welcome your input and want to keep this as open as possible, so I will watch for and delete comments that are spam, vicious or obscene. Trolls not welcome. We're all adults here.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. is prepared to prosecute in the United States the man acquitted by Pakistan's top court of the murder of American journalist Daniel Pearl, Secretary of State Antony Blinken said on Thursday.
The Pakistani Supreme Court's decision to acquit Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh "is an affront to terrorism victims everywhere, including in Pakistan," Blinken said in a statement, adding that Washington expected Pakistan to review its legal options to "ensure justice is served."
(Reporting by Jonathan Landay; Editing by Leslie Adler)Our fearless leaders are devoted to building the strong community that is evident in our chorus. This unique sisterhood helps make it possible for us to be able to regularly compete at the international level against hundreds of choruses worldwide. These two are dedicated to building the chorus in every area to make the Choral-Aires Chorus a standout at every performance and competition.
The women of the Choral-Aires love to sing to the high expectations of their directors, because the directors put their heart and soul into the Chorus. You can read more about Bonnie and Amy’s musical background in the media kit here.Marcella “Betz” Hook, 85, of Knox, passed away on Thursday, August 25, 2016 at the Golden Living Center in Shippenville. She was born on November 15, 1930 in Lucinda; daughter of the late Florian and Cora Griebel Bauer. Betz was... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send flowers to the Hook family.Send FlowersMake money on online phoenix You can make money easily by going online. Are you sure not to participate? Manage your money like a boss. Online selling valves to make money Online part-time earning regular platform treasure mom Headline news online make money What is the most profitable on the Internet in 2020? How to make money online from the media Chengde.com makes work What is the secret of the lottery money to make money? What is the liar of advertising to make money online? make money apps Can I operate the borrowing online? Go online to Selfie video to make money What are the reliable money platform online? Make money online quiet and steep cloud KT speed 11 2021 network to make money Online video website depends on what make money How to make money online faster Make money online part-time regular computer platform Which platform is in the platform Fujian money online platform Do you do biscuits to sell online and make money? Fastest online make money 2016 online free money opportunities Money video online Online investigation questionnaire make money reliable?Gift Hamper for a New Mum
Gift Hamper for a New Mum. This gift hamper features a selection of treats which have been specially selected for a new mum. It includes hand-made Irish chocolates, a scented candle, hand-made Irish crisps, organic tea as well as bottles of cordial and mineral waters. A soft, cuddly toy is also included for the new baby.
The gift hamper is specially wrapped in re-cyclable paper as well as bio-degradable cellophane. It is available for same and next day delivery. It is delivered with a hand-written gift card attached.
Prices include all taxes/VAT
Delivery Options
- Click & Collect: Available
- Dublin: Available
- Rest of Ireland: Unavailable
- Northern Ireland: Unavailable
Product Code
908Oil.
Specific technologies covered include:
- IoT
- Machine Learning
- Artificial Intelligence (AI)
- Blockchain
- Drones
- Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
- Cybersecurity
- Digital Twins
- Edge Technology
- Supply ChainCarolina Trading
Blue Banded Agate Bracelet Boxed
- Regular price
- $14.99 NZD
- Regular price
- Sale price
- $14.99 NZD
- Unit price
- per
- Description
Description
This bracelet is presented in a gift box.
The inner lid has these words inscribed… “Agate provides for the balancing of yin-yang energy and is therefore a good overall healing stone that brings balance to all parts of the body. It is a stone that helps creates a bridge between the physical and the etheric bodies, seeking truth and courage within. It can aid in lifting depression by opening the door to understanding. It is both energising and grounding’.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Email
Share More
Love Chahal
On 21 September 2021 at 18:17
Love Chahal
On 27 January 2019 at 10:43
Vijay Apte
On 20 January 2019 at 15:26
Love Chahal
On 20 January 2019 at 11:10
Love Chahal
On 20 January 2019 at 16:45
view more »
Member Strength 8,00,586 and growing..
© 2021 LAWyersclubindia.com. Let us grow stronger by mutual exchange of knowledge.
Alternatively, you can log in using:Free High School Play Writing Competition For Adirondack Park Students
DEADLINE EXTENDED: February 16 Last year Saranac Lake’s professional theatre company Pendragon Theatre provided a unique opportunity to any high school-aged young adults living within the whole Adirondack Park, The Pendragon Young Playwrights’ Festival. The Festival focuses on a competition for high school students to submit a one-act play (up to three plays per playwright or team) on any subject. The February 1 st deadline is quickly approaching so I want to encourage young adults to take advantage of the chance to have their winning play performed at the March festival. I’m always a bit skeptical of writing competitions. There always seems to be some hidden fee involved, but Pendragon Theatre’s competition is free. The winning playwrights are also given the chance to meet with a creative team to further develop their submission for the stage before the March production.That's a choice we're facing, and I'll tell you why.
Yesterday I parodied the Panorama Survey, as I've been doing every time they put out a new one. I understand that it's important we treat students with respect, but I'm not at all sure that's what this survey measures. There are a whole lot of questions about whether the teacher is doing an adequate job, and there are a whole lot of reasons why the responses may not be accurate.
Here's one. I taught summers and evenings at the English Language Institute at Queens College for about 20 years. I came to college teaching from high school teaching, and thus my methods were a little different than those of colleagues with different experiences. I'd often hear laments from them about poor behavior in classes.
I never had any such complaints. Once, we had a very young student who was immature and problematic. I called his parents and had no more issues. My colleagues were shocked. The general behavior of my college students was such that I could accomplish much more. I could go over material in half the time I was used to. If there were behavioral problems, I stopped them instantly. I was used to far worse.
We were rated by the students, and that was quite a big deal for the program. After all, they wanted to increase business, being a non-credit, optional program. One semester I got a bad rating. This was a big issue. I determined to never have that happen again, and the secret sauce for that was not at all difficult to uncover. I stopped bugging students to do the homework. I stopped bothering people over poor test scores. Sure, I got less homework, and lower test scores, and sure some students didn't learn as much. But my rating went through the roof. From that semester on, no one criticized me for anything beyond my awful incomprehensible handwriting.
I know exactly how to beef up my Panorama Survey, but I won't do it. I'm in charge of teenagers whose judgment is not yet what it needs to be. I will continue to insist they show up, they show up on time, and they not only do homework, but also participate in class and prepare for exams or projects. I know some of them will not like that. I know that this will result in their trashing my ratings. I'm prepared to live with that.
It's interesting that there are no questions whatsoever on the survey that relate to student responsibility. Judging from the survey, they haven't got any and the onus is entirely on the teacher. Where's the question about whether or not you attend class, or how often? Where's the question about whether or not you're cooperative? Where's the one about whether you're passing all or any of your classes?
Any administrator who shows you that survey and asks that you adjust your practice to address its criticisms is opening herself up to the awful truth. You can easily game this survey if you wish. Just stop bothering the students who need bothering. Stop trying to teach them that responsibility entails actually showing up and doing what you're there to do. Stop intervening. Let them play games on their phone instead of doing the classwork.
That will have the added benefit of allowing the students who wish to focus more opportunity to do so. If the disruptive students are kept busy playing video games, there will be no time for them to disrupt class. Let them put on their earphones and listen to music, or watch Netflix. The students who want good grades will thus have more of your attention and do better. Your survey results with Race to the Top, and it's a WIN-WIN!
Except, of course, for the students who might have benefited from your intervention. They'll fail, and get Left Behind. But hey, if that's what administrators want, then I'll be happy to sit down with them and explain how we can boost the survey results. Just don't come in here with that Danielson crap that says you want them to participate, or learn.
You can't have it both ways.Ministry of Textiles through office of Development Commissioner for handlooms has conducted 4th All India Handloom Census during 2019-20. As per the report, 35,22,512 handloom workers are engaged in the country in Handloom Sector .
Skill upgradation is a continuous process. Need-based skill upgradation programmes for handloom workers in technical areas viz. weaving, dyeing, designing etc, were earlier conducted under National Handloom Development Programme(NHDP) and Comprehensive Handloom Cluster Development Scheme(CHCDS) and now under the ‘Capacity Building in Textile Sector – SAMARTH’ Scheme.
From FY 2015-16 to 2020-21 (till January 2021), 56614 handloom workers have been imparted skill upgradation training under NHDP, CHCDS and SAMARTH.
This information was given in a written reply by the Union Minister of Textiles, Smt. Smriti Zubin Irani in Lok Sabha today.
*****
BYÂ
Sofa Portraits is a series of images showing my daughter, Isabel, as she watches television.
These portraits portray the flawed physicality of childhood and its mental and physical freedoms – but also the constraints that are applied by the adult world – the furnishings Isabel is so often pushing against, the dress determined by the educational system she is now part of, or even the attitudes to her physical self-expression as she watches television.Forecast.
What is an Event?
When we talk about event models, an “event” has a broad definition. Generally speaking, it is a known circumstance that results in a data point that is outside of the typical “expected” demand pattern of an item, whether it is a very high or very low volume point (relative to the rest of the history). Events occur for a variety of reasons, many of which are likely to be specific to a particular business, industry or organization. Examples of events include large, one-time orders; one-time and recurring promotional activity; and stockouts.
For one-time events, we want to address a certain data point in the history to prevent it from skewing the forecast. With recurring events, we want to build and maintain a “schedule” of events for both the past and the future to leverage the historical pattern of the events to arrive at a better statistical forecast. Let’s take a look at two examples of events.
The example above shows a one-time event. Though the data are trending upward overall, we stocked out in February 2013; the only reason for having no sales in February was the lack of available product to fill orders. Since the forecast is based purely on the historical data, the forecast for the following February shows a significant drop.
Here is an example of a recurring event. There are significant increases in demand during periods when the product is promoted, but the timing of these promotions varies from year to year, making it difficult for the model to pick up on their effect as part of the standard seasonal pattern of the data.
While we could use the override facility to manually account for the response to these promotions, using Event Models allow us to both model what actually happened and automate the process.
First, we will examine how to build events and event schedules in Forecast Pro, and then we’ll apply them to the two examples described above.
The Event Manager
Forecast Pro TRAC Version 3.1 and Forecast Pro Unlimited Version 8.1 introduce the Event Manager, which allows us to create, maintain, and apply events interactively within Forecast Pro.
The Event Manager is available by right-clicking the graph view and selecting “Manage Events”.
Event Schedules contain one or multiple kinds of events tied to dates which may extend into the forecast period. The main window will display the selected Event Schedule (currently “_Schedule01”, which is empty). The same event schedule can be applied to many different items, and there is no limit to the number of schedules you can have in a Forecast Pro project.
We create events with which to populate our schedules by clicking the “Edit” button. Events are represented by Event Codes though they can (and should) also have a description.
To add an event, simply type in a Description, choose a code, and select “Add” to add the event code to the list. Similar to the override facility, we select “Commit” when we are ready to commit the changes. Once finished, select “Exit” to close the box.
With the Event Manager window open, we can interactively point-and-click on the graph itself to apply our events to the histories and forecasts we are working with in order to create schedules. Simply choose a data point, select the correct event from the drop-down menu at the top of the box, and click “Commit” to create an event schedule. Event schedules can be created, renamed, imported (copied) or deleted using the drop-down menu at the bottom of the dialog box.
Event schedules are saved as part of your Forecast Pro project.
Now let’s use the Event Manager to address the two examples presented earlier.
Example 1: Stockout (One-time event)
Here, we will apply a single event to February 2013 to prevent it from skewing our forecast for the next year.
First, we will open our Event Manager by right-clicking the graph and selecting “Manage Events”. Then we click “Edit” to add an event, which we will call “Stockout”, by typing its name in the “Description” box. Then, we can select “Add”, followed by “Commit”, to create the event.
Now we can exit the box. Next, we select the data point we want to apply the event to by clicking directly on the graph. Finally, we select our newly created “Stockout” event in the Event Manager:
When we are ready, we press “Commit” to apply the Event Model. Notice our forecast for next February has now been lifted since the stockout period in February of 2013 is designated as a one-time, non-recurring event:
Example 2: Promotional Demand (Recurring events)
In our second example, we are forecasting sales of mouthwash that depend heavily on promotional activity. We can clearly see the effects of past promotions throughout the historical data. Since we know when we’ve run the promotion in the past, and we know when we plan on running the same promotion next year, we can flag all of those periods as part of our event schedule to produce a better forecast.
In our Event Manager, we first create an event called “Promo”.
Next, we simply point and click on our promotional periods to select them on the graph—including January and July of next year, when we are planning to run the promotions again. We can hold the “Control” button the keyboard to select more than one period at the same time.
The screen above shows the model prior to applying the events. Notice that a seasonal model is being used and it often misses the timing of the peaks (because they are driven by promotions–not seasonality). Worse still, the forecasted future peaks do not reflect the known future promotional schedule.
The screen below shows the model after we click the Commit button to apply the events.
Notice that we are now tracking the historic peaks much better and the forecasts reflect a steady baseline demand with lifts in January and July where we’ve indicated future promotions will be run.
Summary
Events can easily throw off a forecast. While we can manually override our forecasts to account for their impact, sometimes it is best to identify the events in our historical data and incorporate them into the forecasting model for improved accuracy. Forecast Pro TRAC Version 3.1 and Forecast Pro Unlimited Version 8.1 introduce the Event Manager which allows users to create and maintain events interactively in the software.
For more information on Event Models and the underlying methodology, check out our recent educational Webinar on this topic.Right now, a large swath of the Northeastern United States is preparing for what is being described as a “Crippling, ‘potentially historic” blizzard.
Some are saying the weather event could rival the Great Blizzard of 1888, which dumped between 50 to 150 centimetres of snow on New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts. Others think it could top the 68cm that dropped on New York in 2006.
Tonight, New York’s entire subway system will shut down at 11pm and no one will be allowed on the roads after that time, either. Uber, presumably looking to pitch in, has capped its surge pricing rate at 2.8 times the normal fare, after meeting with New York Governor Cuomo. More than 5000 flights in and out of the Northeast have been cancelled. In news clips, grocery stores are shown with mostly barren shelves.
“You cannot underestimate this storm. It is not a regular storm,” warned New York Mayor Bill de Blasio today. “What you are going to see in a few hours is something that hits very hard and very fast.”
But what if the storm that some are already calling the “worst snowstorm in history” simply never materializes? What if it turns out to be a garden variety snow day? Of course, for safety reasons everyone should prepare as thought the storm will hit even harder than expected.
We’ve experienced record loss of Arctic sea ice and … when that happens it can influence the jet stream to allow more frequent plunges over the eastern part of the U.S.
But the fact is that no one really knows exactly how hard the storm will hit because predicting weather, especially in the part of the United States in which the blizzard is expected to hit tonight, has become especially difficult of late. Why? Because the jet stream, a small band of strong winds that shapes the weather, has destabilized due to the warming of the Arctic.
“There is no doubt that the recent weather has been highly changeable – on both sides of the Atlantic,” Reading University meteorologist Nicholas Klingaman of Reading University told The Guardian in 2013. “We have blizzards and flooding. America has had droughts and scorching temperatures. Its behaviour has changed dramatically in the past few years and has produced these lengthy bouts of extreme weather.”
Of course, the lack of predictability means the anticipated blizzard could be worse than expected.
“We’ve experienced record loss of Arctic sea ice and … when that happens it can influence the jet stream to allow more frequent plunges over the eastern part of the U.S., said Jeff Masters, director of meteorology at Weather Underground recently. Masters explains that last year’s huge storms were caused by the waves of the jetstream moving vertically and then getting stuck in place, instead of its normal pattern of circling the Northern Hemisphere.
And there’s another reason no one really knows how hard the east coast will get hit this week.
“Predicting snow is harder than anything else,” says the BBC’s Rhian Haf. “Most precipitation falls out of the sky as snow to start with, but it melts to rain.”
With New York temperatures hovering around the freezing mark for the next forty-eight hours, the effect of “crippling and potentially historic” storm is really anybody’s guess.
CommentInstagram is removing a controversial feature that had been in place since 2011, the Following tab in the Activity feed. Now the feed will focus on your own activity.
Reported by BuzzFeed, the Following tab in the Activity feed was introduced back in 2011, that’s before Instagram created its Explore feature.
Over the years, the feature has created a lot of controversies since many users weren’t aware that what their likes, comments, and follows was seen by those that follow them in the Following tab of the Activity feed.
BuzzFeed noted a few more scenarios the not so well-known feature created some tricky situations:
A man receives a DM from his ex wondering why he’s liking photos of someone who gave her gonorrhea. A mother notices the husband of a fellow mom liking bikini model photos. A daughter catches her own father liking cheesecake pinup photos.
Instagram’s head of product, Vishal Shah told BuzzFeed confirmed why Instagram is removing the feature…
“People didn’t always know that their activity is surfacing,” Shah said. “So you have a case where it’s not serving the use case you built if for, but it’s also causing people to be surprised when their activity is showing up.”
Along with that, Shah said “simplicity was the driving factor.”
If you haven’t seen the feature leave yet, Instagram says the change will be rolling out over the course of this week.
Instagram is a free download for iPhone from the App Store.
Comparison via BuzzFeedBetsson Gambling house. Become it virtual texas holdem, cash or casino games, most of them are avallable under the type of online playing. If the ball happens to area on the “0” tile, half of the stake of all bets are went back to people. • Pokes Gambling den Made Easy Present in Australia.
Find out which mathematical.The heart and soul of a Shinola bicycle begins in the legendary Waterford Precision Cycles factory in Wisconsin, where their frames and forks are individually handcrafted by experts using double-butted cro-moly steel.
Shinola American Made Bikes
Once shipped to their Detroit workshop, they undergo a custom-level assembly by Shinola’s bike specialists, and each component is fitted by hand and tested for precision. This close attention to each and every detail ensures that every bicycle that ships from their Detroit workshop delivers impeccable reliability and an unbeatably smooth and responsive ride.
At the moment they have the Runwell, The Bixby, The Bixby for Women and now the Limited Runwell Di2.
The Very Limited Runwell Di2
This limited edition Shinola Runwell Di2 ($4,500) has been creating lots of buzz since Interbike. Shinola has committed to making only ten, and folks are lining up to get one while they last. thats also incredibly convenient. They’ve built out The Runwell Di2 Limited Edition with their own aluminum front rack, black alloy fenders and fender-mounted super bright PDW FenderBot tail light. Cables, wires and Di2 battery are internally routed.
Due to the extremely limited availability of The Runwell Di2, each bike will be built to order, with an anticipated ship date of March 2014.
Only available in white
$4500
buy it here
The Runwell:
Inspired by the enduring French style of Porteur bicycles, first used by newspaper couriers in Paris,.
Stopping power, in any weather condition, is assured with the quiet and smooth disc brakes. Internal cable routing keeps the cables out of sight and out of the elements. Racks and fenders fit easily onto the frame. Responsive and predictable handing, classic and enduring style, low-to-no maintenance, stopping power in any weather condition, with an American-made frame and forkThe Runwell is truly a unique and worthy voice in the crowd.
Available in dark orange, light orange or blue.
$2,950.00
buy it here
The Bixby:
_24<<
_26<<
Available in green or charcoal
$1,950.00
buy it here
The Women’s Bixby:
The Bixby_31<<
_34<<
Available in charcoal, pink or taupe
$1,950.00
Buy it here
Shinola also makes watches and leather goods. Check out all their cool American-made items here
all images and bike descriptions courtesy of Shinola.
Sponsored LinksI’m not an introvert, but I am an ENFP, which (according to the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator) means I need more alone time than other extroverts and I hate small talk with a white-hot passion. Actually, I consider myself an ambivert: I can identify with both the desire to close down every party and the urge to hide in the house for days on end.
One thing is for sure: being a mostly-extrovert doesn’t mean I don’t experience social anxiety. For years, walking into a cocktail party or business luncheon gave me serious angst and sweaty palms. I’d go straight to the bar to avoid having awkward conversations made up of niceties and clichés with strangers or acquaintances.
At the time, I thought I was helplessly socially awkward. But as it turns out, I’m not, really: I just need a little help getting through the first five minutes.
After having endured multiple cocktail parties and networking events at conferences and conventions, I realized the first five minutes of any event are the absolute worst for anyone who suffers from social anxiety, including me.
Once I’ve had a chance to warm up and get past the how- and who-are-yous?, I get so engaged that I simply forget to feel shy, awkward, or anxious. (Yes, even without the help of that plastic cup of house wine.)
It took me years to figure out how to get through the first five minutes of any social situation, but I finally did. Here are the strategies that worked for me as I hope they will for you:
Strategy #1: Give yourself some direction
I worked in retail and food-service industries for years and never experienced social anxiety, despite interacting with dozens of customers each day. But walking into a yoga class or a new book club meeting gave me hives. Why? Because I didn’t have a “job.”
When you’re taking a customer’s order or standing in the grocery store checkout, your role is obvious: recite the soup of the day and specials or pull out your shopper-loyalty key tag and swipe your payment card.
But at a party, class, or other unfamiliar situation, your “instructions” are a lot less clear. Where do I stand? Who do I talk to? Oh no, what do I do with my hands?
So these days, whenever possible, I give myself a clearly defined role and set of instructions before attending a social event.
Sometimes, it’s officially sanctioned. For example, when attending a fundraiser, I might ask a coordinator if I can help pour drinks or take raffle tickets.
But sometimes, I have to invent my own “job.” In the case of a cocktail party, I might give myself a set of instructions: first, walk to the bar; second, visit the buffet; third, find an empty seat; fourth, introduce yourself to someone.
By the time I’ve gone through all those steps, I feel like I have the lay of the land and can settle into conversation. Plus, the sense of knowing what to do and where to go calms me down and helps me feel less awkward.
Strategy #2: Ask leading questions
The funny thing about small talk is that hardly anyone really loves it. We only engage in it because we don’t know what else to say. Asking a leading question not only gives the other person in the conversation a gift—a chance to talk about something important to her and skip all the meaningless lead-up—but it also buys you some time to listen, get a feel for who the other person is, and find an authentic way to enter the conversation.
The trick to skipping small talk and getting to the meat of the conversation is in the kind of questions you ask. “How are things in your office?” isn’t probing enough. The other person will probably give you a vague, “Oh, going well,” and then you’re right back where you started.
Of course, forced conversation-starters can be almost as painful to utter as “how about them Bears?” So rather than chirping: “So, what’s going on in the Scranton branch right now?”, come up with a twist on a basic yes-or-no question: “Which speakers are you most looking forward to hearing today?” (Double points for this question because it also allows you to pull out the schedule as a prop.)
Or you could just jump into a tirade about the lack of protein at the breakfast buffet. Chances are, someone else at your table will have plenty to say about that as well!
Strategy #3: Get there early
If walking into a crowded room stresses you out, try getting there early. If possible, really early, when the tables are mostly empty and coordinators are still buzzing around the room, getting things ready.
Why? Not only will you be able to slip into a seat unnoticed and take a few moments to settle in, but you’ll also have a chance to get acclimated to the space without having to speak to anyone.
Best of all, you’ll be able to watch others with the knowing, confident eye of an old-timer as they enter the room. Or at least, they’ll perceive you as an old pro as they awkwardly look around, trying to find a place to land.
And you, the fifteen-minute veteran of Table Eight, will be in a perfect position to throw a “you can sit here!” lifeline to that anxious-looking newbie.
Then hurry up and ask her a leading question—quickly, for goodness’ sake, before she gets a chance to ask you about the weather.Work Responsibilities Of A Bridal Makeup Artist
3. The bride’s father is the primary to invite the guests to lift their glass in honor of the bride-and-groom-to-be. Engagement Party Etiquette requires the bride’s household to host the first social gathering to share the good news with family members and close buddies. Our kids, אולם אירועים באילת Madeline, Dylan, and Josie, have grown up within the enterprise and at the moment are invaluable members of our team. You will need to plan every thing properly, since you are inviting visitors and delegates from the skilled world. This is not a guide on learn how to plan a marriage ceremony, but slightly on how to seek out info on the enterprise of weddings. That is especially true for outdoor weddings that will require more strong and weather proof rentals. Because among the individuals and אולמות אירועים באשדוד companies that present services and merchandise might only work part-time on wedding-related services to supplement their earnings or מאפרת כלות out of friendship, מאפרת לאירועים there’ll either be a minimal cost or no charge at all.
The guests will drink a toast to the completely happy couple. The couple do not drink at the moment. After his quick speech, other visitors could suggest toasts to the couple and their dad and mom. He schedules the toasts and helps the mom of the bride with hosting duties. Alternatively, the bride and groom can host it themselves, or a buddy or different household member can undertake the hosting duties. Mother of the Groom: She assists the Mother of the Bride with hosting duties. 5. Traditionally, the dad and mom of the bride host the engagement party, however there aren’t arduous and quick guidelines. If the groom’s household resides in a distant hometown, they may host an engagement social gathering for the couple. It is not conventional engagement etiquette to throw an engagement celebration. Next to selecting your personal costume, selecting the bridal party attire in your bridesmaids will be certainly one of an important and challenging duties in planning your wedding.
1. Nobody needs to be invited to the engagement social gathering that isn’t invited to the marriage. Nor is it part of the tradition to present engagement gifts. 2. Guests should not anticipated to deliver gifts to an engagement celebration, however in the event that they do, open them in private or after the occasion. It’s also the time wherein wedding get together gifts are being given by the couple to their bridesmaids and groomsmen and at the moment, petit fours are being served at the top of the meal to close the occasion. We are so glad you are right here and would love to tell you a bit about who we are. We’ve obviously modified a bit from the place we started, אולמות אירועים בהרצליה but our objective of providing friendly, useful, environment friendly service in a relaxed atmosphere has always been fixed. We’ve earned our communities trust by means of years of service and we’ll be right here once you want us.
We’re the premier event rental firm with over 15 years of experience and an intensive inventory of tents, tables, chairs, tableware, staging, flooring, lighting, decor and much more. My name is Sandi Baete, and my husband, Joe, and I have been married for אולם אירועים בדרום 30 years. First, decide what sort of get together (or events) you’d wish to have after which, if mandatory, plan a theme. Some dresses will actually look more flattering with certain hairstyles, so when you plan on carrying your hair up in your wedding day, put on it up when you go dress buying. Your reservations and invitations can be timely appropriate because our drivers have the data of the realm and may transport your entire party with requisite means and awareness along with using a at the moment up to date GPS. You too can go to call model stores, after getting strong monetary assist. If she goes to be in her 9th month, or even perhaps have the child shortly earlier than your wedding, it would be best all around if she resigns her position as bridesmaid.After losing the 5th district championship, the Lyons would have the most difficult draw in the regional tournament.
Henderson County, the previous year’s champions with leading scorer Ashton Todd, was returning as well. When the teams met early in the season, Henderson took only 68 minutes to invoke the mercy rule on the Lyons, 11-1.
Henderson only needed one half to shut the Lyons out and invoke the mercy rule 10-0 in the first round semifinals of the 2nd Region tournament Monday.
Lyon County’s Luke Gilbert picked up 13 saves for the night adding to his season total of 303 saves, still ranking 4th in the state for goalkeeper saves. Lyon ends the season, 2-18.2/149 Surrey Road, Blackburn
Contemporary style, unrivalled convenience
A quiet study nook with a built-in desk will appeal to those spending more time working from home; with a stylish kitchen taking centre stage, appointed by a breakfast bar, gas cooktop, dishwasher and never-ending storage space. Two bright and airy bedrooms each feature built-in robes, ceiling fans and wider than average doorways that will easily support those with mobility issues; well-serviced by an attractive bathroom featuring an oversized shower and a separate toilet.
Head outdoors to a private courtyard with a covered alfresco zone bathed in northerly light, providing a wonderful place to relax and spend time with family and friends. Some of the many highlights include ducted heating and refrigerated cooling, 9ft ceilings with decorative cornicing, water tank, oversized garage with remote-control and additional space for a workshop or small car, plus secure off-street parking.
The central location seals the deal, a breezy walk from bus services and Aunt Billies Cafe that’s a firm favourite with the locals, Blackburn Primary and High School (both zoned), and just minutes from North Blackburn Shopping Centre, Blackburn Station Village, a variety of parks and scenic walking trails and the Eastern Freeway for a seamless commute to the CBD.
Location
Anthony Atharson
Sales Associate
John Stack
Partner & Auctioneer
Blackburn Suburb Report
A reliable snapshot of the property market in Blackburn
Property statistics*Data sourced from REIV
Local schools
Blackburn Primary School
185 Whitehorse Road Blackburn
Blackburn High School
60 Springfield Road Blackburn
Old Orchard Primary School
88 Koonung Road Blackburn North
St Philip's School
60 Junction Road Blackburn North
St Thomas The Apostle School
67 Central Road Blackburn
Whitehorse Primary School
70 - 86 Junction Road Blackburn North
Nunawading Christian College - Secondary
161 Central Rd Nunawading
Nunawading Christian College - Primary
Laughlin Ave Nunawading
Blackburn Lake Primary School
Florence Street Blackburn
Box Hill High School
1180 Whitehorse Road Box Hill
Beverley Hills Primary School
Cassowary Street Doncaster East
Donvale Primary School
Elata Street Donvale
Heatherwood School
370-380 Springvale Road Donvale
Mount Pleasant Road Nunawading Primary School
Mt Pleasant Road Nunawading
Laburnum Primary School
Janet Street Blackburn
Kerrimuir Primary School
Molbray Street Box Hill North
St Francis Xavier's School
1087 Whitehorse Road Box Hill
Our Lady of Sion College
1065 Whitehorse Road Box Hill
Berengarra School
43 Harrison Street Box Hill North
St Luke the Evangelist School
46 Orchard Grove Blackburn South
Ss Peter & Paul's School
16 Beverley Street Doncaster East
St John's School
494 Whitehorse Road Mitcham
Mullauna Secondary College
456 Springfield Road Mitcham
Aurora School
96 Holland Road Blackburn South
Donburn Primary School
Colchester Drive Doncaster East
Mitcham Primary School
294 Mitcham Road Mitcham
Orchard Grove Primary School
101 Orchard Grove Blackburn South
Box Hill North Primary School
Elizabeth Street Box Hill North
Roberts McCubbin Primary School
Birdwood Street Box Hill South
East Doncaster Secondary College
20 George St Doncaster East
Similar properties
8 Maple Street, Blackburn
26 Francis Street, Blackburn
3/117a Surrey Road, Blackburn North
1/196-198 Surrey Road, Blackburn
33 Elder Street, Blackburn
185 Springfield Road, Blackburn North
Matt Russell
#128 - Ethan Siegal - Black Hole Pictures
This week's guest Ethan Siegel talks Black hole pictures before they were even out.
Ethan R. Siegel is an American theoretical astrophysicist and one of our favourite science writers, his blog Starts With a Bang is on ScienceBlogs and also on Forbes.com
#OTD 12 April 1961 - Yuri Gagarin's first flight into space - Vostok 1
12 April 1817 - Charles Messier died 202 years ago!!
The French astronomer who published the most famous astronomical catalogue consisting of 110 nebulae and star clusters, which came to be known as the Messier objects. The purpose of the catalogue was to help astronomical observers, in particular comet hunters like himself, distinguish between permanent and transient visually diffuse objects in the sky. Messier discovered 13 comets, and M87
Space News. The NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC) program. The program will fund 18 studies to determine the feasibility of early-stage technologies that could go on to change what’s possible in space.
Like Micro-Probes Propelled and Powered by Planetary Atmospheric Electricity (MP4AE): Similar to the ballooning capabilities of spiders, these floating microprobes use electrostatic lift to study planetary atmospheres Lunar-polar Propellant Mining Outpost (LPMO): Affordable lunar pole ice mining for propellant production Solar Surfing: A materials-science study to determine the best protective materials to enable heliophysics missions closer to the Sun
Picture by Frank Olsen via Facebook.
THE PHOTON: Rocket Lab is getting into the satellites business, making them in addition to launching them.
Peter Beck, Rocket Lab’s CEO. “It always seemed bizarre to me that you would have a [spacecraft] that has all the same components as the satellite literally six inches away from each other,” Beck tells The Verge, referring to the Electron kick stage. “But we wouldn’t talk to each other and we’d just push each other off, and that would be the end of it. It just seemed bizarre that we would do that rather than actually just combine everything into one unit.”
The world’s first collision experiment with an asteroid! On 5 April 2019, Hayabusa 2 released an impactor and created an artificial crater on the surface of Ryugu First, the probe lowered itself from a parking altitude of 20 kilometres down to 500 metres above the asteroid’s surface. From there it shot an kenetic impactor, Small Carry-on Impactor (SCI). After partially ascending, it then released a second device carrying a camera DCAM3 to film the impact. The stuff will be gathered up at some point and returned to earth.
Space Word of the week Angular diameter Measurement describing how large a sphere or circle appears from a given point of view Imagine a a pair of compasses, or dividers, you know a compass the technical drawing instrument that can be used for drawing circles at school. Well imagine holding the top against your eye and closing them round an object like the moon. The angle that the two halves makes would be say 0.48 degrees. 360 degrees is very similar to a year (not by coincidence really) so think of a clock instead of a circle. the decimal place can be replaced by minutes and seconds, 1 degree is 60 minutes and 1 minute is 60 seconds. So 0.48 degrees is more like 29 arc-minutes 20 arc-seconds. In astronomy, the sizes of celestial objects are often given in terms of their angular diameter as seen from Earth, rather than their actual sizes. Since these angular diameters are typically small, it is common to present them in arc-seconds
Astronomers use their hands at arms length to measure approx angular diameter. The nail of you little figure will cover the moon as it is twice as big at 60 arc minutes or 1 degree. An arc-minute is approximately the resolution of the human eye. 1 arc-second would be like a coin 2.5 miles away ...so very tiny. Hubble Space Telescope has calculation resolution of 0.05 arc-seconds and actual resolution of almost 0.1 arc-seconds, which is close to the diffraction limit Pluto is 0.06 Arc seconds, hence we had to send a probe.
Charles Messier discovered M87 in 1781, the object was included as NGC 4486, in the New General Catalogue of nebulae and star clusters assembled by the Danish-Irish astronomer John Dreyer in the 1880’s, which he based primarily on the observations of the English astronomer John Herschel In 1918, the American astronomer Heber Curtis of Lick Observatory noted M87's lack of a spiral structure and observed a "curious straight ray ... apparently connected with the nucleus by a thin line of matter." The ray appeared brightest near the galactic center.[14] The following year, a supernova within M87 reached a peak photographic magnitude of 21.5, although this event was not reported until photographic plates were examined by the Russian astronomer Innokentii A. Balanowski [fr; ru] in 1922.
supergiant elliptical galaxy in the constellation Virgo. One of the most massive galaxies in the local UniverseThe MASSIVE galaxy in the virgo super cluster called M87 is 120 light years accross still 7 arc Minutes, that’s the size of the whole smudge, about a 5th the size of the moon, with a very bright, 45-arcsecond core. However as it is nowhere near as bright as the moon you can’t really see it with out some opitcal help. M87 it self is massive but it has a beast in the middle 6.500,000,000 times the mass of the sun. Considering it’s mass it’s small but it is about 2 billion km or about 7.3 micro arcseconds, Sagitarrius A* has an overall angular size for the source of 50 μas. At a distance of 26,000 light-years, this yields a diameter of 60 million kilometers it’s size about the orbit of mercury If earth was the size of a helium atom, then M82 would be 25metres across, but 7000 miles away. The black hole would be only 0.004mm ...and that is why we must talk about it. The people who did it The breakthrough image was captured by the Event Horizon telescope (EHT), a network of eight radio telescopes spanning locations from Antarctica to Spain and Chile, in an effort involving more than 200 scientists. Sheperd Doeleman, EHT director and Harvard University senior research fellow Katie Bouman, an MIT graduate. 3 years ago she led the creation of a new algorithm to produce the first-ever image of a black hole we are seeing today. Ziri Younsi, a member of the EHT collaboration who is based at University College London. .” Heino Falcke, chair of the EHT science council, who is based at Radboud University in the Netherlands, said: “The big question for me is whether we’ll ever be able to transcend that limit. The answer may be maybe not. That’s frustrating but we’ll have to accept it.”
A defining feature of the images is an irregular but clear bright ring, whose size and shape agree closely with the expected lensed photon orbit of a 6.5 billion solar mass black hole
The collaboration is still working on producing an image of the Milky Way’s black hole. “We hope to get that very soon,” said Doeleman.
Space fact Is the earth losing or gaining weight? Earth gains about 40,000 tonnes of space dust every year Earth gains about 160 tonnes of mass a year because the global temperature is going up: Losing weight Earth's core loses energy over time. 16 tonnes are gone every year. 95,000 tonnes of hydrogen
1,600 tones of helium escape Earth every year. But also The asteroid that struck near Chicxulub some 65 million years ago choked out most life forms, including the giant dinosaurs that had roamed Earth for some 135 million years before disappearing around that same time. Chicxulub impact may have launched 70 billion kilograms of rock into space, of which 20,000 kilograms could have traveled as far to Jamie's favourite Europa.DRI Interviews Drayten Howell, Founder & CEO at indacut
Max Resnik, Medical Cannabis Practice Leader at Direct Recruiters, had the opportunity to interview Drayten Howell, Founder and CEO at indacut, for a series of questions surrounding how he got his start, the cannabis industry and the expansion and success of his company.
Indacut aims to bring knowledge to the therapeutic benefits cannabis offers consumers. They want to break the stigma surrounding cannabis and give clients a natural and effective remedy. With exclusive selections, friendly staff and quality, lab-tested products, clients receive nothing less than a rewarding experience. Indacut is your premier cannabis delivery service.
Drayten Howell
Founder & CEO
indacut
How do you go from college basketball player to one of the youngest cannabis industry entrepreneurs in America with the launch of indacut?
It has definitely been a rollercoaster of a ride. My mom and I have a close relationship. She supports me 100 percent. It was just her and I growing up. There was a time when things weren’t as optimistic, when we lived in a hotel. My dad was in the system, a victim of the drug war.
My freshman year of college, I got a job, and she was livid. “Why would you want to work for somebody? I raised you better, and I raised you to be your own boss. You've seen what I went through,” she said. I told her I wanted to leave my scholarship behind, and she was hesitant at first but then it was a no-brainer to her. That stuck with me, so I showed her my business plan and what I wanted, and it was a no-brainer. I am forever blessed. I did my property search from my dorm in college and found a facility from my dorm room. I used the street view on the map, and the hotel we used to live in was behind it. It is humbling because it is a reminder you are one decision away from going back. It’s a testament to your goals that you can do anything you put your mind to, no matter the circumstances.
To be fully honest, I was oblivious to what was going on in the cannabis industry. After meetings, I had to read up on regulations for the next 2-3 hours to get caught up. Fake it till you make it. Athletics played a part in the transition. With me being competitive – and it’s a competitive market – the discipline athletics instilled in me has made it easy to walk in and go after a plan, execute and get a team around me to help me do that. Since I was able to play point guard and quarterback, the leadership roles transition into being a young CEO, helping my team and getting into these other markets.
How important is your relationship with your mom?
My mom has done 700 deliveries herself. When I trained her, I had to do it in a different way because she has a rare brain disease, but she brings so much to the table when I am away. She does things for us every day and is a big part of my business. We are solely expanding in-house. My mom sold her rental house for us to operate in to start, and we are operating right beside a hotel we were living in. My mom works with me every day. It’s pretty easy with her right by my side.
What are some of the biggest challenges you’ve faced since starting your delivery service?
One is getting people's attention. Marketing strategy is very important, and in the beginning, we didn't have a lot of capital to run typical SEO ads and pay for premium listings. The second challenge was access to banking. It's very hindering when you do enough volume and scale business up (but still can’t access capital). We have been able to scale up, so banks are inviting us to open an account with them now. Third is growing pains. I had no mentor. The market is new to everyone and no one is an expert. Dealing with curves and punches the regulators are throwing at us and expecting us to abide by is a challenge. It is both an advantage to us and disadvantage. It keeps operators out who aren’t serious.
Is it fair to say the COVID-19 pandemic helped spur your business? If so, what impact did it have?
COVID has been a blessing and curse. We launched in the middle of the pandemic, and then we were deemed essential. We launched on 4/20, and everyone in California was full-go in a stay-at-home order, so that helped us. We capitalized and provided customers with great experience, quality products and we make them feel at home. Especially during hard times, the least we can do is bring some joy to people and bring quality product at a fair price. This is medicine for people and a getaway, and it's at an all-time high with all the uncertainty. We take it seriously and work with our software to create a great customer experience through texts to consumers and communication throughout the process of the delivery. It has set us apart in California right now.
“Why would you want to work for somebody? I raised you better, and I raised you to be your own boss. You've seen what I went through.”
Racial disparities in ownership in the cannabis industry are well known. What has this journey been like for you?
I have to prove myself. During this time with Black Lives Matter and the awareness rising, people have given me a chance and I'm able to lock them into our loyalty program because we make them feel like family. I became a consumer of my own business and put how I would want to be treated at the forefront. At the end of the day, everyone is human and all have things they are going through. So, the least we can do is be nice to each other. The disparity in this industry, every city and county has to have some sort of social equity program going through this. I’m working with a social equity applicant in Michigan. One thing I’ve come to understand is that each program should have their own sets of requirements geared towards social equity applicants, especially as it pertains to capital raises. Only people with money can get into this industry. The playing field needs to be leveled a little, especially for people disproportionately affected by the drug war. There needs to be appropriate changes to benefit the people who put this industry on their back when it wasn’t a legal and essential business.
What advice do you have for other Black entrepreneurs?
My advice for black entrepreneurs is keep going. You have to keep going. If you run into a ‘no,’ you have to break the wall down. It's tough to process, and we aren’t used to having to go through this. Keep going, roll with the punches, persevere and you’ll reap the benefits.
And what in the industry must change?
Overregulation needs to change. As a delivery service, I should be able to build SOPs and what I want out at a specific time. When there is a high-volume base, the cap on what we can have on a truck is limiting. They also make the hiring process so hard, so we have to wait two weeks to hire someone. No other industry has those holes and handcuffs like we do. We are overtaxed, overregulated and we have no access to banking, but we have to wire money to the bank to pay the state taxes. It’s hypocritical. They're doing it because people lobbied.
You have your sights set on Michigan. What plans do you have in The Wolverine State?
I chose Michigan because it’s a new, emerging recreational market. Secondly, my buddy went to school in Michigan, and we are ultimately opening a storefront in Big Rapids next to Ferris State University and offering delivery into Grand Rapids. He saw what I was doing in California, and I saw the players in Michigan running the show. I thought I could find my little piece of the pie and bring my skill set from California and offer it to consumers in Michigan. My business partner Marielle Johnson and I talked for a couple of weeks and decided this is something we should do. Mari is my Social Equity Applicant, and his story is amazing. We found a property and got active on the licensing process. Fast forward and now we are about three months from getting our license. We finished pre-qualifications to meet state and local regulations and are about to break ground for construction. We have a great design group for the dispensary. We want it to be free flowing like an Apple store, so we are able to educate the customer. It’s important to me because consumers are so dedicated to THC percentage, but the plant is beautiful and provides so many different qualities. I want to push education and interaction within the dispensary so customers can feel comfortable, provide fast checkout and bring some of the California feel to Michigan.
The dispensary will be running deliveries. It will be the same model as California in Michigan. Once they loosen regulations, which I think they will, I’ll get a leg up servicing Grand Rapids.Steven Duggar came up clutch in some big moments for the Giants in 2021. I’m a fan. I hope he sticks around.
2021 stats: 107 games, 297 PA, .257 / .330 / .437, 107 OPS +, 2.2 WAR
When I think about Steven Duggar’s 2021 season, my mind immediately goes to September 5th.
I’ve written about this game a lot because I’ve thought about this game a lot and I don’t really see myself stopping anytime soon. It was beautiful for so many reasons. It introduced Camilo Doval into my life and it brought Steven Duggar back into it after a month long absence.
I really like Steven Duggar. He’s my kind of player: defensive-first outfielder, can cover a lot of ground in center field, has speed coupled with base running intelligence, and has a really lovely swing. Is there anything prettier than a lefty slapping a liner into left-center field?
Incredible catch by Steven Duggar pic.twitter.com/u2QHtaRU9y
— KNBR (@KNBR) May 14, 2021
Steven Duggar stays , blasts a solo shot to give the Giants the lead
pic.twitter.com/EaHkVWBidy
— KNBR (@KNBR) May 29, 2021
September 5th: bottom of the second inning. The Los Angeles Dodgers had just tied the game up at 1 run a piece. Brandon Crawford led off the inning with a walk and Mike Yastrzemski doubled to put runners in scoring position with no outs against Walker Buehler. Curt Casali then flied out to center on the first pitch for an unproductive out. The energy in the crowd leveled out—it was a rally killing play. Buehler was somehow going to get out of this trouble unscathed. Duggar was up next, having just been called up from Sacramento and had not faced big league pitching in a month. We had seen Buehler enough to know that he was more likely than not to power his way through these situations. He just needed a toehold and a one pitch out to Casali just gave it to him.
Switch to present-tense.
Duggar, on a 1-1 count, pulls an inside cutter down the first base line. It’s sharp enough to scoot by Muncy and bury itself in the corner where Mookie Betts has to dig it out. Two runs score easily and off-screen (if you are watching it on TV like I am/was/*shrug*) I can only imagine Duggar is Tasmanian-Devilling into third. The stands in Oracle burst into flames, the ‘Beat LA’ chants rise.
September 5th was not going to be a typically stunted offensive showing against Buehler and the Dodgers because this was not a typical Giants team. Duggar’s triple turned into a pinch-hit Darin Ruf single, which turned into two more runs in the third, chasing Buehler from the game, which turned into clutch bullpen outings from players like Jose Quintana and Camilo Doval, which turned into a series win for the Giants.
Now I’m no expert in reading body language, but watching Duggar scream into the dugout after arriving safe at third base, fumbling with the bands on his shin guard, fuming as he slaps Wotus’s fist, smacks him on the arm, adrenaline temporarily relieving him of any hand-eye coordination, I’d say this hit was a cathartic one.
Of course it was.
Steven Duggar has spent his short career with the Giants trying to find himself at the plate. His natural athleticism has always been there, his speed and defense in the field are enviable, but his bat has struggled to link up with his glove. He does not typically hit lefties and has been unable to break past the role of platoon. But in the early months of the 2021 season, Duggar’s bat finally found its stroke.
In May and June, Steven Duggar was possibly the best hitter on a surging San Francisco Giants. In May, he hit .322/.365/.576. In June, he got even better: .324/ .422/ .563.
A favorite moment during that surge was on June 26th against the Oakland A’s. The Giants were down 5-4 in the bottom of the 10th with Crawford as the automatic runner at second. After Solano popped up for an unproductive out, Duggar, in a full-count, stroked a single to center to tie the game.
Steven Duggar appreciation post pic.twitter.com/Wifg1H2iH3
— SFGiants (@SFGiants) June 27, 2021
Switch to present tense.
With the winning run on first, Casali pulls a ball into the outfield that bounces to the angled wall out in left. The play develops slowly, the ball bounding towards foul territory. You know Duggar is running. But where is he? Did he get a good jump? He’ll get third, he’ll definitely get third…Tony Kemp doesn’t take a direct route to the ball, expecting a carom but instead it dies against the wall. Duggar’s got to be near third, right? He must be…Kemp rushes to make up ground and picks up the ball with his bare hand and we see Duggar gliding past third, teeth clenched, helmet boiling a-top his head. Kemp hits the cut-off on his glove side and the relay is on-line towards home. The camera zooms out following the throw as it chases Duggar, trails Duggar as he kicks out, hits the dirt and cleats home as the ball short hops the catcher. Game over. Duggar spikes his helmet, stumbles back towards the dugout, Giants players swarm around him.
Wow, last night was fun
(#SFGiants x @salesforce) pic.twitter.com/An3PBCzLK6
— SFGiants (@SFGiants) June 27, 2021
Speed will always make things more exciting because with speed more things are possible. It’s funny and entertaining to watch Buster Posey leg out a single or roll towards home, but there’s nothing like seeing a player like Duggar just flat out haul around the bases.
I’m not sure what Steven Duggar’s role is going to be going forward into 2022. The Giants have a crowded outfield with plenty of talent that might get even more crowded with interest in players like Nick Castellanos or Chris Taylor or who knows. What I do know is that Duggar is an effective platoon, a great center fielder and cheap. He has run out of minor league options after this year, so the Giants would have to designate him for assignment if wasn’t playing. He deserves that stability after these past couple years bouncing back and forth between San Francisco and the farm.
I hope he can find the swing he had in May and June again—it made for some fun baseball.
@RiverCats thanks for keeping him safe pic.twitter.com/rn86FKWzu6
— Duggar Memes (@duggar_memes) September 5, 2021Digital Marketing in Glasgow
Looking for a professional Digital Marketing Agency for Glasgow? At Big Pond Digital, we specialize in a wide variety of digital marketing services, including SEO, PPC, Social Media Marketing, Analytics tracking and more!
Outrank your business competitors in Glasgow, take back your local market share, and start your journey to generating more leads online today!Beethoven & Berlio
- Beethoven Violin Concerto, 42′
- Berlioz Symphonie fantastique, 59′
"Hopelessly in love, a young artist takes opium. He falls into a delirium, and sees the strangest of visions...."The result: Berlioz's Symphonie fantastique, a fabulous, no-holds-barred voyage to the outer limits of the imagination. Fabien Gabel is one of France's fastest-rising conductors; so imagine the electricity when he joins Swedish virtuoso Daniel Lozakovich in the soaring melodies and timeless serenity of Beethoven's only Violin Concerto.
Photo: Fabien Gabel © Stephane Bourgeois FirebirdThursday 17 February, 7.30pmSymphony Hall, Birmingham
Like Brahms and Liszt before him, Rachmaninoff was inspired by a simple 19th-century tune for the violin and ended up writing one of the Romantic period's … …Click here for important information about the field safety notice regarding some Philips Respironics Sleep and Respiratory Care devices ›
Search terms
The BiPAP Focus enhances staff efficiency and patient care while delivering reliable non-invasive ventilation (NIV). It adapts automatically to changing patient needs..
Digital Auto-Trak adapts to patient changes
Large user interface is easy to read at a glance
Back-up battery for continuous ventilation
Reduce nuisance alarms and noise
Hospital-grade ventilator withstands rigorous use
Portable design for intra-hospital transport
Our site can best be viewed with the latest version of Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome or Firefox.You can help Janelle win your neighbour's votes by telling them that she's earned yours! Winning a seat on Council means we can get started on the critical work outlined in Janelle's campaign. Chestermere built from the people, up!
Buy a lawn sign
Janelle or a volunteer will deliver your sign after September 18. Pickup will be between October 19 - 25.
Sign size will not exceed 1mx1m. Typical sign size is approx. 18"x24" with a wooden or wire stake to plant into lawn.
If you live on a particularily high-traffic or high-visibility area, please contact Janelle for a larger sign at no additional cost. Ideal locations include across from schools, along Marina Drive, E/W Chestermere Drive, and other major boulevards.Officers and Committee 1966-67
Camertonia 11 Part 2 (1966) p. 1.
Annual General Meeting 1966
Camertonia 11 Part 2 (1966) p. 2.
15th November at Bath Technical College. New Rules agreed – see p 16-19
BACAS 18th Annual Report
Camertonia 11 Part 2 (1966) pp. 2 – 9.
Continued progress. Cessation of grant from Carnegie United Kingdom Trust. Comment on cost of re-conditioning the site at Wallmead. Largest contribution to success the efforts of members and volunteers, “let us now praise the sloggers and toilers in our Society, for without them we would soon revert to the old Victorian concept”. Bill Wedlake writes of first visit to Nettleton to buy the site huts left by Mr W C Priestley. “Over the door of the larger hut were the words NIL SINE LABORE – nothing without work. It would make a fine motto for this Society”. Excavations: Wallmead; Nettleton. Publications. Industrial archaeology. Lectures. Excursions. Local History and Archaeology Conference. Representations and affiliations. Headquarters. Rules. Future work. Ordnance Survey. Antiquities of the City – theft of the Head of Minerva. The late Alderman Dix. Thanks.
Treasurer’s Report 1966
Camertonia 11 Part 2 (1966) pp. 10 – 14.
Slight increases in the balances on the Nancy Smith Memorial Fund, the City of Bath Excavation Fund and the Publications Account. Thanks to British Academy for contributing again to the work at Nettleton and to members who have made donations. Thanks to Miss S Lloyd for continuing to pay Rates on the Headquarters
Conference
Camertonia 11 Part 2 (1966) p. 15.
Conference on Local History and Archaeology held at YMCA, Broad Street on 24th April 1966. Papers were: W.Wedlake ‘Some Archaeological Recollections’. Dr R Dunning, ‘The Hyle Cartulary’. Rev J Barker, ‘Priston from pre-historic times’. A Gunstone, ‘The Date of the Three Shire Stones at Colerne’. Dr R Reid, ‘Witham Priory’. R Bluhm, ‘The Radstock Tramroad and William Ashman’s locomotive’. A Keen, ‘The Paulton Foundry’.
Lectures 1966-67
Camertonia 11 Part 2 (1966) pp. 15 – 16.
1966, 4th October, Very Rev D Harrison, ‘Bristol Cathedral’. 1st November, P.Parr, ‘Petra and the Nabataeans’. 6th December, ‘J MacQueen, ‘Hittites and Arzawans’. 1967. 24th January, W.Wedlake, ‘Some Roman and Medieval Sites in Western France and Spain’. 7th February, De F Wallis, ‘No-man’s land between Geology and Archaeology’. 7th March, Professor C Hawkes and Mrs Sonia Hawkes, ‘The Saxons and the West; from Aelle to Ine’.
BACAS Rules
Camertonia 11 Part 2 (1966) pp. 16 – 19.
Full statement of the new Rules of the Society.
UK Three Mobile Stores Design Collection
Aug 25, 2016 | From: Haimi,Z | Gategory: Phone/ PC Store | View:491
The Three Mobile Store is featured at its simplicity, quality and discovery and to create an in-store experience that was more enjoyable and productive.
The shop front signage is made by an illuminated acrylic bend.
Considering the maximum size of acrylic board is 3x1.2, so you will find section line if you look it close.
Anyway, this shop signage looks nice far away.
The round display counter is perfect to display mobile phones. And white corian + wood grain veneer is perfect mix, especially with the pure white lamp from ceiling.
ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
Rooster Strategic Solutions is committed to preserving, conserving, and protecting natural resources, reducing our environmental footprint, and avoiding negative environmental impacts wherever possible. Although we do not maintain any physical office space, we
adhere to this commitment by:
- Encouraging our employees to operate from their home offices in compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations.
- Operating in compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations when attending in-person events, meetings, or functions.
- Working to continuously investigate and improve our environmental performance, where material and possible.
- Reviewing our environmental performance on a regular basis.
- Sharing our environmental commitment with our employees, our suppliers, and our customers.
- Updating this policy as needed to ensure comprehensive management.
Adopted and approved by Rooster July 1, 2021
Rooster is a strategic marketing company that solves client problems before they become problems.
Location‘Sopranos’ convention coming to The Meadowlands in November
HBO's The Sopranos celebrated its 20th anniversary this year, and with the prequel movie in post-production, interest in the mob drama is arguably at its highest since going off the air in 2007. So timing seems right for SopranosCon, a two-day convention which will happen November 23 & 24 at Meadowlands Expo Center in Secaucus, NJ. Officially, it's a "Sopranos-themed, street fair inspired, interactive fan experience celebrating Italian culture in New Jersey through collaborations with cast, crew, celebrities, and most importantly, the fans."
They've gathered a lot of the cast to appear, including Tony Sirico (Paulie Walnuts), Vincent Pastore (Big Pussy), Vincent Curatola (Johnny Sack), Federico Castelluccio (Furio), David Proval (Richie Aprile), Ray Abruzzo (Little Carmine), and many more. Tickets are on sale now.
Speaking of Meadowlands, the Rolling Stones just finished up a two night stand at Metlife Stadium, a visit by Mick Jagger to the Tick Tock Diner in Clifton, NJ included. “We went to the Tick Tock Diner for a Taylor ham, egg, and cheese with disco fries and a sloppy joe to go!” Mick told the Metlife crowd on Night 1.
As for the Sopranos prequel movie, it's called The Many Saints of Newark and takes a look at the formative years of a young Tony Soprano who is played by Michael Gandolfini, son of the late series star James Gandolfini. Sopranos creator David Chase wrote the screenplay with series writer Lawrence Connor, and it's directed by Alan Taylor who directed nine episodes of the series. It's due out in 2020.The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has called on Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu to come out clear on his “we use to kill’ statement at the recent South East rally of his violent-prone and dysfunctional All Progressives Congress (APC).
We state this because the PDP do not kill and has never asked or contracted any of its members or anybody for that matter to kill on its behalf, over any matter whatsoever.
The PDP believes that Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu spoke in his personal capacity and probably on issues concerning his activities. Since such a claim came from a person of the status and attainment of Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu, we hold that he could have certain information that requires explanations to the public.
The PDP remains a law-abiding political party, whose activities at all levels are guided by strong code of conduct and adherence to the laws of the land.
We therefore urge Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu to come out clear on his claims and define those he referred to as “we” and the circumstances of the killings he spoke about, so as to put speculations on the matter to an end.Nov..
equipment. The range comprises:-Schneider GenieEvo 4 VC2 200A circuit breaker VC6 630A circuit breaker VC12 1250A circuit breaker VB6 630A bus section VB12 1250A bus section. VBES busbar earthing panel BBVT busbar VT panel BBM busbar metering panel VC20/25 circuit breaker VB20/25 bus section Weights and dimensions unit(s) VC2, VC6, VC12, VBES, BBVTGet
If you’re interested in retrofilling or retrofitting your obsolete switchgear with new vacuum or electronic technology, click here to learn more about Circuit Breaker Sales Repair’s retrofill and retrofit services. Contact us by email, chat, or call us at 704-882-1875. We love to help
Looking for a foreign made or unusual circuit breaker model? CBS Nuclear Services has access to North America’s largest inventory of overcurrent protective devices that date back to World War II. As such, we can supply any number of foreign made and unusual circuit breakers, as well as oil circuit breakers, SF6 breakers and substation equipment
Office Add: Kexue Revenue, High and New Technology Industrial Development Zone, Zhengzhou, ChinaNewlands' opposition to Black voting rights enough reason to rename park | Rowley
This opinion column was submitted by Bill Rowley, professor emeritus of the History Department at the University of Nevada, Reno.
“Should Newlands get a new name?” asked the headline on the front page of the Reno Gazette Journal Sunday, July 26. The name referred to the small circular Newlands Park in one of Reno’s most “elite neighborhoods” on California Avenue. And the question referred to the controversy developing around the name, reputation and legacy of U.S. Senator Francis G. Newlands from Nevada to whose memory the park was dedicated after his death in 1917.
The origins of the present controversy reach into the past concerning the racism expressed by Newlands during his career. This is, of course, history now brought into the present. I am a professor retired from the History Department at UNR, and more specifically a historian of Newlands’s career in Nevada and the nation (my 1996 book, "Reclaiming the Arid West: The Career of Francis G. Newlands"). I was quoted accurately in the news piece on Sunday as being opposed to dropping the name “Newlands” from the park because of his larger contributions to the development of Nevada in terms of his advocacy for reclamation and his reputation as a progressive politician in the early 20th century.
More:Should Newlands be renamed? Elite Reno neighborhood grapples with its racist past
I did, however, follow these bouquets to Newlands with comments about the sinister side of his career that deplored the participation of people of color in the governing of the nation, more specifically Black people, when he sought the repeal of the 15th Amendment to the Constitution to block Black men’s voting rights already suppressed in the Jim Crow South by 1912. I now realize that I was wrong about the park. It should be renamed.
Newlands was a white supremacist. He was quite decided in his views that America should be for white people only, which placed him in the camp of those who wished to ban all nonwhite immigration. To the say the least, his views were extreme even for the time when he called the 15th Amendment “poison in the Constitution.” A Sacramento newspaper thought Newlands had gone into his dotage. Some Nevada newspapers saw it as out of step with progressivism and an injustice to “the colored race.” He was an unreconstructed southern Democrat on the issue of race, who had happened to find his way into a national political career in Nevada. There is no getting around that his racist thinking, so prominent in his public speeches and writings, has tainted the Newlands legacy. Today those advocating for the removal of his name from the public space in the park stand on strong moral ground and a historical record that reveals his views are harmful to our community. I must join their voices in advocating a name change.
More:Opinion | Now is the time to rename Reno's monument to Francis G. Newlands
The park is a civic space, which ought to belong equally to all our citizens. Its name should reflect the community values of Reno in 2020, not those of 1917 or 1920. And there can be no question that Newlands played an important role in creating the historical pathways that continue to sustain white supremacy and systematic racism in the United States. It is important to remember that monuments are not history. Rather, they articulate our present relationship to the past. Changing the name of Newlands Park will not obliterate my research. But it will mark an important step in advancing social justice in Reno. In moments like these, it is important to listen to the voices of people of color.
Have your say:How to submit an opinion column or letter to the editorSTREVC3
Download STREVC3 + dependencies [TGZ] [ZIP] [TXT]
STREVC3 the vector A. This uses a Level 3 BLAS version of the back transformation.
The 235 of file strevc3.f.I think about this topic a lot: courage and creativity. In terms of courage, I wonder why some people have it, the ability to be courageous, while others seem to have none. I wonder if it’s like a muscle you have to build, strengthen and exercise it or if it’s more like eye color; we’re given what we are given through genes. Courage has been something I have had since I was young, for as long as I can remember. I have a lot of fear, the same as everyone else, but for whatever reason I am courageous regardless of my fears. And trust me, my fears are probably way bigger than yours. I’m afraid of everything and everybody.General Dynamics Information Technology (GDIT) is seeking Cloud Account Navigators (CAN) to act as a liaison between our client’s mission business areas and out technical support services teams. The positions will support GDIT’s established managed service offering in a multi-cloud environment utilizing an ITSM/ITIL framework. GDIT will deliver a MSP solution which will optimize and ensure continued performance excellence during the cloud migration and continued cloud operation of critical client business systems.
The CAN will be the primary interface/liaison between our end-users/client mission project owner/s and our cloud IT service support teams. In this role, you will provide guidance and insight to the mission project owner/s on delivered cloud environments and technologies supporting their individual project needs, uncover and translate customer requirements, assist in the development of cloud technical product roadmaps, be front line to the mission project owner/s on our product delivery process and engineer/architect technical solutions across a host of unique product-lines including cloud-based environments, platforms, and CI/CD pipelines. The role will be utilized as a trusted agent for both the customer leadership and GDIT. Responsibilities will include:
Desired Skills
Education and Experience
Clearance
Travel
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 8+ years of experience
#GDITPriority
#PEOEISMSP $118,240 - $177,360,. 12:1-13:9 ~ Revelation 19:1-21 ~ Psalm 147:1-20 ~ Proverbs 31:1-7
~ Listen to today's Scripture with these terrific NLT 1996 readings by Tom Dooley at this link or ESV.org: OT, NT, Psalms, Proverbs or DailyAudioBible.com ~ -_3<<_4<<_6<<
To order prints visit her "Revelation Illustrated" site.
Bible.org's commentary on today's readings in Revelation chapter 19 titled "The Second Coming of Christ" is at this link.
Psalms -!
First, I thank you Mike...your insights have blessed me this year. I look forward to next year with hope and anticipation of what my Lord will teach me.!!!
Posted by: Deb | December 27, 2020 at 10:43 PM!
VF-1 GBP-1S Armor Fired Missiles With Smoke Effect Parts
Benson13 posted a topic in ToysDid the VF-1 GBP-1S Armor Fired Missiles only come in 1/60 or was there a 1/48 version as well?
-!What does CBP stand for?
CBP stands for Club de Badminton de Perenchies (French: Perenchies Badminton Club; Perenchies, France)
This definition appears rarely and is found in the following Acronym Finder categories:
- Organizations, NGOs, schools, universities, etc.
See other definitions of CBP
Other Resources:
We have 342 other meanings of CBP in our Acronym Attic
- Abbreviation Database Surfer
- Chiropractic Biophysics
- Chorleywood Bread Process
- Chronic Back Pain
- Chronic Bacterial Prostatitis
- Chronic Benign Pain
- Chronic Benzene Poisoning
- Cirrhose Biliaire Primitive (French: Primary Biliary Cirrhosis; medical condition)
- Citizens Bank Park (Philadelphia, PA)
- Clean Boating Partnership (Florida)
- Cleethorpes Beach Patrol
-)
- Coded Block Pattern (MPEG)
- Cognitive Behavioral Program (psychotherapy)
- Coimbra Portugal (airport code)
- Cold-Ball Pull (solder materials testing of Ball Grid Arrays electronic packages)
- Coldwell Banker Preferred (various locations)Sierra Vista, AZ
Founded: 1988
Tel: (520) 459-8622
Website:
Top Leader: Pastor Randy Youngblood
Donor Contact: Mrs. Kristal Bartelds
Member Since: March 27, 2013
Thunder Mountain Church is reaching out, touching lives and growing people to know, love and serve Jesus. They do this publicly through their weekend services and house-to-house through their Connect (small) groups. They also have Strategic Partners ("missions") locally and around the world that they support financially, prayerfully and personally.Tadalista 2.5
Availability: In Stock
Fortune Health Care Ltd. manufactures Tadalista 2.5, a low powered erectile dysfunction treating medicine. This Ed treating mild powered solution is available in blister pack of 4 pills. The medicine is known to simply work in minutes with effectiveness that shall last for hours together.
Parent component Tadalafil 2.5 mg (Generic Cialis) in the medicine does its job by restricting phosphodiesterase type 5 of enzyme or PDE5. However, lower PDE5 enzyme, more of cGMP, enhances chances of getting and maintaining erection for longer time due to better flow of blood in the penile region.
Conventional tablets form of medicine is meant for consumption orally. Take this Tadalafil 2.5 mg (Generic Cialis) pill only once in a day with plain water.
Consumption of medicine in presence of complete sexual stimulation helps men to stay effective for approx. 12 to 18 hours. For maximum effective outcomes, consume pill as recommended.
Tadalista 2.5 pill leads to some common and less serious side effects like headache, stuffy nose, sneezing, headache, sore throat, upset stomach and muscle pain. However, severe side effects with this medicine happen in rare cases like overdose.
Write a reviewYour Name:
Your Review:
Note: HTML is not translated!
Rating: Bad Good
Enter the code in the box below:Jerry Seinfeld
Birthday Number 11
“ If you go to a bad movie, it's two hours. If you're in a bad movie, it's two years.” highly intuitive and creative. His mind thinks in pictures. He seems to draw information and ideas from out of the sky.
Jerry's intuition is his gift, along with a powerful drive to know the Oneness of all things. Jerry Seinfeld is so driven by spiritual pursuits that no matter what he does in life, the world of spirit and philosophy will be central to his daily behavior. Seinfeld feels linked with the larger universal forces, and nothing will change that.
He has a fine mind and keen insights, but these do not come as a result of logic or rational thought. Seinfeld is more likely to direct his life by inspiration, rather than by calculated reflections.
On some level, Jerry Seinfelderry can become frustrated with his progress, or the apparent lack of it.
Jerry Seinfeld needs to develop faith. He is a highly charged person with much to do, but he must develop character and sound judgment before he begins to tap his true potential. Just as a tree needs roots to grow tall, so needs Jerry Seinfeld to develop depth of character in order to begin to expand in the ways he desires and ultimately envision.
His highly developed intuition makes Jerry a wonderful counselor, healer, or health practitioner. He has a gift for inspiring people. Many people admire Seinfeld without his knowing it. Jerry is a visionary, and others sense his wisdom.
Jerry Seinfeld is acutely sensitive and easily influenced by his surroundings. He loves beauty and harmony. He also craves social interaction and much attention. Jerry can be very emotional, often experiencing extremes of happiness and sadness. He is usually too easily hurt. Seinfeld also gets depressed easily and feels the lack of confidence during times he is in a dark mood.
Despite his sensitivity, Jerry Seinfeld possesses leadership abilities. He is modest, diplomatic and polite. He has also the ability to persuade, and can be quite forceful.
Jerry Seinfeld's high sensitivity to others makes him compassionate, kind, and gentle. Jerry has an opportunity for fame and success as long as he does not pursue either as his gods. Seinfeld needs to look for ways to help others and convey a larger message, with which he was blessed. This will bring Jerry Seinfeld the material and social fruits he desires.
You and Jerry
About Jerry's Birthday number
Jerry's day of birth is one of his four core numbers - the Life Path, Expression, and Heart’s Desire being the other three. It is the least significant of the four core numbers, but perhaps the most finite, in that it reveals a specific ability Jerry Seinfeld possesses in a marked degree.
Read more about our numerological interpretation of Jerry Seinfeld'sTop News
Latest News
Kurukshetra: Political boycott by opposition on Constitution Day ?
Muqabla: Why are real culprits of 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks still roaming free?
Centre to invest Rs 64,000 crore in health sector over next 5 years: Mansukh Mandaviya
Pakistan pushing huge quantity of drugs into Jammu & Kashmir for terror funding: DGP Dilbag Singh
NEET-PG 2021 counselling delay: Resident docs' body calls for suspension of OPD services from today
Law on MSP 'unlikely': Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar
Breaking News, November 27 | LIVE Updates
US to ban travel from South Africa, 7 other African nations amid new COVID variant
Jr Hockey World Cup: India meet Poland with quarters spot on the line
Indonesia Open 2021: Sindhu sweats it out to reach semifinals
Bigg Boss 15 LIVE Updates: Rakhi introduces husband Ritesh; Rashmi, Devoleena enter as wild cards
Antim The Final Truth Movie Review: This Salman Khan film is all about Aayush Sharma
Photos of Rakhi Sawant's husband Ritesh go viral as fans share pics from Bigg Boss 15 LIVE feed
Sidharth Shukla’s unpublished rap song to be released on his birthday, 'Zindagi SidNaaz Se' trends
Mumbai Terror Attacks: Akshay, Amitabh Bachchan and other celebs pay tribute to victims of 26/11'Keep up with the latest happenings and news from your favorite Mandarake stores!
Topics are translated automatically by Google Translate.
▲ ▼ Recent Topics ▼ ▲
October 19 (2021) Topics - 12pm Update
- Sahra 【女性同人】『堀川国広』の同人誌はコチラ☆榎木淳弥さんといえば、あなたはどこから？【その1】
- Sahra 【女性同人】『アイマスSideM 舞田類』の同人誌はコチラ☆榎木淳弥さんといえば、あなたはどこから？【その2】
- Sahra 【女性同人】『呪術廻戦 虎杖悠仁』の同人誌はコチラ☆榎木淳弥さんといえば、あなたはどこから？【その3】
- Sahra 【女性同人】『テニプリ 柳生比呂士』の同人誌はコチラ☆お誕生日おめでとうございます!!
- Sahra 【女性同人】『風が強く吹いている』の同人誌はコチラ☆あなたのお気に入りを見つけよう!!
- Nakano - 2F - Cosplay-kan - Everyday Auctions Information - 「三條小鍜治宗近/ペーパーナイフ/三日月宗近モデル＋小狐丸モデル/※海外発送は出来ません」を出品しています
- Nakano - 2F - Cosplay-kan - Everyday Auctions Information - 「ニッケン刃物/名刀ペーパーナイフ/同田貫正国/玉名市立歴史博物館こころピア監修/※海外発送は出来ませんNow that I dropped a bombshell in determining the Best Picture of the 90s, let’s take a trip to some less controversial waters.
Once again, I will comment on who should have won each year, but whether or not an actor should have won can’t impact their spot in the ranking.
10. Jack Palance, City Slickers (1991)
No, seriously. Jack Palance won an Oscar for City Slickers. Palance had enjoyed a long career in Western movies, so chalk this victory up to a ‘Lifetime Achievement’ award–an unfortunately frequent occurrence in Academy lore. To be fair, Palance is in fine, crotchety form as Curly, the experienced cowboy guide leading the titular city slickers on a cattle drive. He gets a lot of laughs by really just being himself opposite Billy Crystal. But he wasn’t the best performance by a long shot.
Should have won in 1991: Palance’s win was something of a surprise, but to be honest the competition was weak. I’d probably narrow it down to the two nominees from Bugsy: Ben Kingsley and Harvey Keitel, with an edge to Keitel.
9. Tommy Lee Jones, The Fugitive (1993)
Jones was nominated against Palance for JFK a year earlier, which probably gave him some momentum here. It’s another fine performance that shouldn’t necessarily be an Academy Award winner. Jones is great as the gruff Federal agent chasing down Harrison Ford’s doctor-on-the-run. He’s ruthless, he’s smart, he’s funny (in a deadpan sort of way). The Fugitive really comes alive because the man doing the chasing is just as interesting as the man on the run to prove his innocence. But if you think Jones was the best of the year, you should probably get your head checked.
Should have won in 1993: Ralph Fiennes for Schindler’s List–a performance that would have topped this list if it had won.
8. Michael Caine, The Cider House Rules (1999)
As the good doctor running a New England orphanage (who performs abortions on the side), Michael Caine should have been hopelessly miscast–and he is, to a degree. He doesn’t successfully trade his cockney accent for a New England sound, for one thing. In a movie so deeply situated in America, he sticks out like a sore thumb. But in the end, it doesn’t matter because he does manage to capture the complex nature of this man who is a father figure to countless orphans, a savior to countless women with no one else to turn to, and a serious ether addict. As he later did in Christopher Nolan’s Batman movies, Caine provides a steady emotional center: a beating heart the audience can rally behind.
Should have won in 1999: I would have gone with Jude Law’s turn in The Talented Mr. Ripley.
7. Cuba Gooding, Jr, Jerry Maquire (1996)
Is Gooding’s performance as Rod Tidwell, the bombastic football player out to make his name (and the titular agent’s only remaining client), Oscar-worthy? That’s debatable. But for sheer enjoyment, you can’t do much better. Besides, there’s no denying that Gooding stole every scene he was in. His infectious enthusiasm and joy set the tone for the entire film–a trait Gooding took with him to the stage at the Academy Awards, where his overjoyed acceptance speech has been a permanent fixture in the clip reel ever since.
Should have won in 1996: William H. Macy’s frenetic car salesman in Fargo.
6. James Coburn, Affliction (1998)
When casting Affliction, the director really thought carefully about filling the role of the abusive father. He needed someone who could appear to dominate Nick Nolte in order to sell the storyline properly. The entire movie hinges on it. Coburn seemed an unlikely candidate, having mostly appeared in light fare up to that point. But boy did he knock it out of the park. He is terrifying. Not to mention utterly believable.
Should have won in 1998: Coburn deserved it, and his win is the only one the Academy got right that year.
5. Gene Hackman, Unforgiven (1992)
Unforgiven has the audacity to be a western that questions everything the western genre stands for, particularly in terms of violence. Gene Hackman’s Sheriff, Little Bill Daggett, is the perfect embodiment of that theme. And boy, does Hackman let loose. He chews the scenery like no one else, then dials it down, then ramps it right back up. It’s a performance full of verve and danger. So here’s a life lesson from Unforgiven: don’t cross Gene Hackman. It’s just not worth it.
Should have won in 1992: Jaye Davidson got a lot of people talking in The Crying Game, but that had more to do with his character’s reveal than anything else. Hackman deserved his second career Oscar.
4. Robin Williams, Good Will Hunting (1997)
I’m not a big a fan of this movie. That mostly comes down to the script, which I’ve always found a touch cloying and obvious. To be fair, Williams does an amazing job selling his role as the therapist to Matt Damon’s troubled genius. His rumpled, lived-in appearance fits the solemn, loving-but-tough, humorous personality he displays. Williams downplays all the tics and eccentricities he’s known for. Well, it would be shocking if Williams hadn’t had a history of showing his range as an actor in films like Awakenings, Dead Poets Society, and Good Morning Vietnam.
Should have won in 1997: After several previous nominations, this was Williams’ year.
3. Martin Landau, Ed Wood (1994)
Martin Landau shone as an aging, alcoholic Bela Lugosi enjoying a second act in his career thanks to the legendarily awful director Ed Wood. His profane, heavily accented tirades make the movie. You’re so busy being entertained that you almost don’t notice the flawless craftsmanship at work here–truly, this is an astonishing recreation of Bela Lugosi, the actor most famous for bringing Dracula to life. Landau makes it look easy. You miss him any time he isn’t on screen–which is the highest compliment you can offer an actor.
Should have won in 1994: It’s tempting to say Samuel L. Jackson for his fiery turn in Pulp Fiction, but Landau’s nuanced work had a higher degree of difficulty. Landau.
2. Joe Pesci, Goodfellas (1990)
I would love to argue that Pesci basically plays a version of himself in Goodfellas and is, therefore, coasting on his own personality, but it wouldn’t matter. Twenty-five years later people are still quoting Joe Pesci’s Tommy DeVito, a pint-sized gangster with a larger-than-life attitude (to say nothing of his mouth). Which makes it ironic that Pesci had one of the all-time shortest Academy Award acceptance speeches on record. It doesn’t even matter what you think of the movie or Joe Pesci in general (personally, I’m not a fan). Now go and get your shinebox.
Should have won in 1990: Pesci.
1. Kevin Spacey, The Usual Suspects (1995)
When you come down to it, Spacey’s turn as Verbal Kint had a significantly higher degree of difficulty than Tommy DeVito. And The Usual Suspects hinged on the big reveal about Verbal in the final scene–any false steps and the entire movie would have fallen apart. Spacey nailed it. He made it work. Given that he currently plays a series of arrogant bastards, it would be hard to believe Spacey as an insecure, naive guy–yet he made his entire career fooling you into believing just that.
Should have won in 1995: it was all Spacey.
For more, check out my Academy Awards page. Up next: Best Supporting Actress of the 90s.
Now, just for fun, let’s see what the ranking would look like if the actors who should have won got Oscar instead:
10. Harvey Keitel, Bugsy (1991)
9. Jude Law, The Talented Mr. Ripley (1999)
8. James Coburn, Affliction (1998)
7. William H. Macy, Fargo (1996)
6. Gene Hackman, Unforgiven (1992)
5. Robin Williams, Good Will Hunting (1997)
4. Martin Landau, Ed Wood (1994)
3. Joe Pesci, Goodfellas (1990)
2. Kevin Spacey, The Usual Suspects (1995)
1. Ralph Fiennes, Schindler’s List (1993)Hello!
After years of tinkering with WordPress I’ve decided to be a bit more professional and finally created my own website. It’s still in the early stages at the moment – it’s mostly a CV of published work – but the plan is for it to become a kind of online scrapbook of working ideas, experiments, poems, visuals… I’d just really like it to be an inspiring place for lots of experimental poetry, so as I’m testing and discovering new things, hopefully other writers and poets can take something from it too.
Anyway, enough waffling. The website address is
Thanks for visiting!Issue 1 / Volume 1
Abstract
Issues on acceptance and rejection of goods with respect to the CISG have considerably absorbed both academic and practical debates on a global scale let alone Vietnam. This paper shall revisit the case law practices and notable issues related to acceptance and rejection of goods settled under the umbrella of CISG to provide a glimpse anticipation for similar cases to have occurred in the future.
Keywords: CISG, Goods Acceptance, Goods Rejection
INTRODUCTION
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG or Convention) has become increasingly popular in the role of an umbrella governing the international goods trading on a global scale. Vietnam, as the 84th member of the CISG, is not the exception to the foregoing. Nonetheless, case law involving the interpretation and applicability of CISG in Vietnam is still limited in number. Henceforth, it is worth revisiting the theoretical and practical approach of the preceding case practices in other jurisdictions so as to provide a glimpse indication and anticipation for similar cases that may be occurred in the future. For ease of reference, this article comprises of two parts, in which both parts shall be illustrated on text analysis and case law practices. In particular, Part 1 shall refer to the issues on acceptance while Part 2 shall discuss the rejection of goods under the CISG.
This article is a joint publication between TND Legal and Kien Thuc Phap Ly. The Vietnamese version of this article can also be found HERE.Vp Chats With Travel And Leisure About Travel Ideas From Safety Skilled
Spending on leisure travel generated $124.6 billion in tax income. This boutique lodge surrounded by the luxurious forests of central New Jersey will reopen in March after a serious renovation and brand conversion. Design was impressed by the historic attractions Leisure and monuments within the area. The 118-room boutique includes a gastropub, European-style restaurant and expansive outside venues. Travel + Leisure is being bought by a large timeshare firm.
American travel to Mexico has increased over the previous few months, as airlines have added flights again to their schedules. According to the Department of Transportation’s up to date rules, emotional help animals usually are not thought of service animals. Many turned to yoga for the first time, and some traded their typical night routine for a midday, at-residence sweat sesh. From campers to star-gazers, Uncommon Goods has something for the toughest folks in your list to buy.
Probably The Greatest Seashore Towns In America Is In Massachusetts, According To Travel + Leisure
About 82 percent mentioned they count on the pandemic to have a lasting impact on enterprise travel, and practically 70 p.c stated they anticipate their employers to try to cut back enterprise travel in the future to save money. While many business journeys are to giant conferences or conferences, only 12 p.c mentioned they’d be keen to attend a operate or occasion with greater than 100 folks. About 31 percent would fly internationally solely, and 30 percent would take a taxi or rideshare service. About fifty seven percent of respondents globally stated they had been comfy through the COVID pandemic flying domestically or internationally, Just over half stated they’d stay in a hotel, and just below half would solely fly domestically. Vacation Planning Leisure Travel Services might help you book a trip to nearly any vacation spot on the earth!
- Hire a private driver to select you up & take you to your vacation spot with the faucet of a button on any smartphone device.
- These are simply random examples, however to a sure extent, I consider everyone tries to do this, when you can.
Results are primarily based on the compliation of responses to a survey that went out to Travel & Leisure Magazine readers between November 2015 and February 2016. Easily navigate all our recommended merchandise throughout interiors, magnificence, style, decor, and wellness. Benefits can be found exclusively to club members solely when reserved through the club. Promotions and costs contained inside are restricted, and may be changed or discontinued at any time.
This Story Is Part Of Travel Suggestions
Your bank card or methodology of fee shall be charged at the time of the acquisition, and before the beginning of every new term, at then current rates acknowledged in the notice. You can contact customer service to alter your renewal status or cancel your subscription and get a full refund for all unmailed points, at any time. If a magazine turns into unavailable, it could get replaced by one other with the same renewal ALCHEMY DMC Argentina Travel & Leisure division handles tailored packages and sequence bookings for travel to the entire of Argentina. Our staff offers distinctive, exclusive, and distinctive travel experiences to all our shoppers and friends. We are consultants in anticipating the demands of the discerning traveller for an entire lifestyle expertise, with the primary purpose of leisure, holiday, recreation, leisure, pastime and luxurious. Enjoy excellent accommodations and extra members-solely benefits and facilities at resorts and motels Travel & Leisure all over the world. Allow us to simplify your life with entry to special providers, unique deals, and countless concepts that’ll make everyday planning for you and your loved ones a breeze. Problems solved for both events – Meredith has cash going forward, whereas the former Wyndham Destinations has a properly-revered model as their firm name going forward. When doing exchanges of your expiring points to RCI, they cost exorbitant fees of $239 per trade, whether it’s for all of your points or a small amount.
Travel And Leisure Journal Cellphone Number
Let us know your needs and we’ll suggest the most effective product for you. Camera and Travel, the journal later assumed the name Travel + Leisure in 1971. The predecessor titles focused on travel pictures, however the name change signaled a shift toward travel protection generally Travel. Especially love this magazine to help me navigate my vacations inside the subsequent year since COVID has triggered lots of uncertainty relating to travel and what/where is open.]
If you’re a museum lover, you would possibly wish to just make two or three hours, simply to go to that museum or to see an exhibition. These are simply random examples, however to a certain extent, I believe everyone tries to do that, should you can. And this type of travel mindset has meaning for airlines and hospitality, in fact. For the best Barrons.com experience, please update to a modern browser. Wyndham Destinations reported a roughly 44% decline in quarterly revenue in October, because the coronavirus pandemic hurt its business by $31 million.This tattoo idea is just impoissible. There is no need to take a close look at this Brain Core Arm tattoo to make such conclusion. It is rather bizzare also, as we have here a man’s head which is cut and instead of a brain there is a planet core. Maybe with this Brain Core Arm tattoo idea Łukasz Sokołowsk wants to say that there is a whole world hidden in a one person.Welcome to our Jump Ball Arcade game page here! This online game is a really great choice! Play for free! The name of this one is Jump Ball Arcade game, congratulations! Tag categories here are: #arcade,mobile. Check them under this game. Instructions of this game: Instructions; If you like this, don’t forget to share it with your friends! You can also play thousands of other games here… Have fun!
Embed this game on your website:AU$49,910
Avg. Base Salary (AUD)
/ year
Avg. Base Salary (AUD)
10%
A$44k
MEDIAN
A$50k
90%
A$69k
The average salary for a Retail Assistant Manager is AU$49,910
Base Salary
AU$44k - AU$69k
Total Pay
AU$42k - AU$67k
Is Average Early-Career Retail
Find your market worth – how it works:
Gender Breakdown
Female
66.7%
Male
33.3%
This data is based on 3 survey responses. Learn more about the gender pay gap.
Common Health Benefits
None deep teal color that will go beautifully with an array of winter neutrals.
- Soft Purple – Check out Revlon’s Colorstay Gel Envy Hold ‘Em for a subdued purple that is bold, but soft and perfect for winter.
- Blush – Try Essie’s Eternal Optimist shade for a rose color that will perfectly compliment all the pale pink and neutral clothing that is currently trending.
- Grey – Check out Revlon’s Colorstay Gel Envy Ace of Spades for a dark grey shade that’s a great alternative to black nails this season.
I especially love these shades because they compliment my winter clothes, which consists of shades of grey, navy, cream, and several pastels. Below are photos of me wearing Essie’s Eternal Optimist and Revlon’s Fashionista polishes.
I’d love to hear if you have any similar nail polish shades in your docket or if you prefer to sport something totally different during the winter season.
Here’s to a happy weekend. Cheers!
Sarah Camille
One thought on “Four Favorite Shades for Your Winter Manicures”I love discovering new-to-me authors--and sharing guest posts from them. Guest posts offer a little insight into the person behind the pen--and allow the author to open up and highlight some of the side stories and backstories of, not only their books, but their love of writing and motivations. Today, I am happy to spotlight author Chuck Barrett--and his latest book Disruption. Barrett shares a guest post about a book research trip to Italy that helped to create his settings for Disruption--but, also pushed him out of his comfort zone a bit--with some very positive results! Be sure to check out Disruption--and enter to win a prize in the book spotlight tour at the end of this post!
Welcome to Italy!
Guest Post by Chuck Barrett, author of Disruption
October 2, 2014—My wife and I are taking a European adventure, our first together and for both of us, the first time since we were young. Neither of us spoke a language other than English, and even that was riddled with a Southern accent. But, this trip and this 11-day tour was something we both wanted to do very much. Italy, here we come.
Our redeye flight arrived in Rome slightly before 6:00 a.m. local time and having heard so many horror stories about Customs at the Rome airport, our stress levels were hitting an all-time high. But, we pushed on from the gate, grabbed our bags, and headed for Customs. And there was no one home! Literally. We walked right out of the secure area, if Italy actually has a secure area, and straight into ground transportation. We looked at each other and smiled. What a relief, I thought. And then it happened…welcome to the chaos that is Italy. Three hours later, we finally got a ride to our hotel.
Our biggest fear heading across the Atlantic was the language barrier. I think even more so for me since I was also using this trip as a research trip for an upcoming book…upcoming, like in 2 years.
Thank goodness the man at the hotel desk spoke English. We were both pooped from the long flight and decided to take a nap, which we did, and I think that actually made the fatigue worse. Since our hotel was located in the heart of ancient Rome, halfway between the Vatican and Castel Sant'Angelo (you know the one, right out of Angels and Demons), we decided to take an afternoon stroll around Rome. Us, and thousands of other tourists. Which was awesome…and that's playing it down. We, by happenstance, ended up in front of the Pantheon, which took us both by surprise. Albeit, a pleasant surprise. After two or three hours of wandering around, we decided to head back to the hotel and figure out supper…I think the plan was to ask the man at the hotel. I mean, he spoke English for crying out loud. No language barrier there to contend with, right?
Wrong. We never made it to the hotel…not as planned anyway. Lo and behold, the sky turned dark and angry, thundered rumbled in the distance, and the bottom fell out of the clouds. I was amazed at how fast peddlers came from the woodwork selling cheap umbrellas. Of course, I bought one. My wife and I are huddled next to a stone wall under the umbrella wondering what to do next. I didn't really know where we were but my sense of direction told me we weren't too far from the hotel…a couple of miles, maybe. But, I was hungry and my blood sugar was dropping.
Food. I needed food and fast. One of the wonderful things about Italy…and Rome, if you want food, you don't have to look very far. We ducked into a small café and faced that dreaded language barrier head-on. Good thing, too, because no one in the café spoke a word of English. The place was half-full and they were all locals. Okay, some of them probably spoke some English, but no one pitched in to help out. I think we were there for comic relief.
We figured out the menu, in Italian of course, and ordered a pizza (which beats American pizza hands down) and, what we thought, was a glass of wine each. Turns out we ordered a bottle of Chianti. We had never consumed a whole bottle at one sitting before and we wondered what we would do with all the leftover wine. Unlike America where the wait staff tries to push you out the door so they can seat more patrons, in Italy, you have the table for as long as you want it. An hour, two, three. Rain stops. Bottle of Chianti empty. And it was the best pizza we had ever eaten. I fumble through the bill and Euro to dollar head calculations…you know, just for reference and decide that although it is slightly more expensive, it was worth it. I mean, it's Italy!
Instead of heading back to the hotel, we stroll back through this little niche of Rome. Back by the Pantheon, which is totally different at night. All of Rome is different at night. It turns into this magical world I had only ever read about or seen on TV or the movies. But, now I'm here and strolling arm in arm with my wife in ancient Rome. Nothing could be better.
We faced our language barrier fears head-on and made a wonderful revelation, it didn't matter.
Why all this and what does it have to do with writing? A lot. This was research for my last thriller, DISRUPTION, which hit the shelves on October 25, 2016. Everything I experienced on the first day in Italy set the tone for the rest of what remains the best trip I've ever taken. Most of the towns we visited ended up as settings in DISRUPTION. One, in particular, played a major role. No, I'm not telling which one, you have to read the book!
As writers, we face all types of fears, most unwarranted, but they are still very real to us. Face those fears head-on and don't quit. If it hadn't started storming on us in Rome and forcing us into that little café, the tone for our trip would have been considerably different, and I dare say, not near as satisfying.
Learn more about author Chuck Barrett, his novel, Disruption--and enter to win a prize in the book spotlight tour giveaway at the end of this post!
Quick Summary of Disruption.
Meet the Author::
Thanks for the opportunity to leave a guest post!You.
Big variety of weapon
Scenic locations
Linear plot
Simple gameplay
Big variety of monsters.Contents
- 1 How do you write harmonics in sheet music?
- 2 How do you notate harmonics?
- 3 How do you write harmonics in tab?
- 4 How do you notate harmonics in Musescore?
- 5 What is the vibrato symbol?
- 6 What is 1st harmonic?
- 7 How do you notate natural harmonics?
- 8 How do false harmonics work?
- 9 What are natural harmonics?
- 10 What does sh mean in tabs?
- 11 What does Ah mean in tabs?
- 12 What are violin harmonics?
- 13 How do you play harmonics on guitar?
- 14 What is an artificial harmonic on guitar?
How do you write harmonics in sheet music?
Natural harmonics are indicated in two ways: by a small “o” written above the note to be lightly touched, and by a small diamond shape at a specific point on the string where the finger should be lightly placed.
How do you notate harmonics?.
How do you write harmonics in tab?
Tap harmonics are indicated with the text ‘T.H.’ above two numbers. The numbers work the same way as artificial harmonics: the first number is the note that is fretted and the second number is the fret where the harmonic is tapped.
How do you notate harmonics in Musescore?
Is there a way to notate artificial harmonics? This requires a notehead (the first finger plays this) plus the diamond shaped notehead above it (where the 4th finger is placed lightly).
What is the vibrato symbol?.
What is 1st harmonic?
A harmonic is a wave with a frequency that is a positive integer multiple of the frequency of the original wave, known as the fundamental frequency. The original wave is also called the 1st harmonic, the following harmonics are known as higher harmonics.
How do you notate natural harmonics?
Natural harmonics can only be created on the notes shown above, but a natural harmonic on any note can be faked by changing the length of the string with one finger (or on the cello and bass the thumb) and then lightly touching the string a fourth above, which generates a very whispery note two octaves higher.
How do false harmonics work?
Artificial harmonics are produced by stopping the string with the first or second finger, and thus making an artificial ‘nut,’ and then slightly pressing the node with the fourth finger. By this means harmonics in perfect intonation can be produced in all scales.
What are.
What does sh mean in tabs?
From tuxguitar.com: Semi harmonic. Semi harmonics are in fact harmonics that are not played in the “correct” manner, so you can hear both harmonic and original note. They are most commonly used as “pinched harmonics gone bad”, and are very often used by many guitar players.
What does Ah mean in tabs?
A.H. = Artificial Harmonic. I’m not sure how to explain it.. but if you lightly put your finger at the 12th fret (but not actually fretting) and pluck it, you will hear the note played an octave higher.
What are violin harmonics?
Violin harmonics are, by definition, a violin technique in which you play overtones. You do that by softly touching the violin string with a finger on your left hand, while drawing a normal bow stroke with your right hand. Here you can see an example of playing harmonic notes on the violin.
How do you play harmonics on guitar?
How to Play Natural Harmonics on Guitar
- Gently fret a string. Place your fretting hand (your left hand if you play right-handed) lightly atop a guitar string.
- Pluck the string.
- Release the string.
What is an artificial harmonic on guitar?
Guitarists are not limited to only those harmonics that naturally occur at nodes along the open strings. Harmonics can be produced while strings are fretted, too. Doing so allows you to chime harmonics not otherwise accessible. When harmonics are produced in this manner, they’re called artificial harmonics.If you have any additional questions that aren’t addressed in the blog, feel free to contact me. I’d be more than happy to help you out!
V-40951
Title: “SQL Server must support the organizational requirement to employ automated mechanisms for enforcing access restrictions.”
Severity = Medium
Details = Obtain the SQL Server software library installation directory location.
From a command prompt, type regedit.exe, and press [ENTER].
Navigate to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE >> SOFTWARE >> Microsoft >> Microsoft SQL Server >> Instance Names. Each instance installed on the server possesses a key inside a folder under this registry entry.
Analysis Services Instances are registered in the OLAP subfolder.
Reporting Services Instances are registered in the RS subfolder.
Standard SQL Server Instances are registered in the SQL subfolder.
Inside each one of these folders, a single key is used to reference an instance’s specific Windows Registry tree. Each key will have its own registry tree at the following registry location: HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE >> SOFTWARE >> Microsoft >> Microsoft SQL Server >> [INSTANCE NAME].
An [INSTANCE NAME] is listed as the data component of a key found in one of the above OLAP, RS, or SQL folders.
To find the installation location of a particular instance, navigate to the following location in the Windows Registry:
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE >> SOFTWARE >> Microsoft >> Microsoft SQL Server >> [INSTANCE NAME] >> Setup. Examine the value of the ‘SqlProgramDir’ key. The value of the ‘SqlProgramDir’ key is the SQL Server installation directory for that SQL Server Instance.
Navigate to that folder location using a command prompt or Windows Explorer. Note any custom subdirectories within the SQL Server software library directory. Only applications that are required for the functioning and administration of SQL Server should be located in the same disk directory as the SQL Server software libraries.
If any directories or files not installed with the SQL Server software exist within the SQL Server software library directory, this is a finding.
FIX: Install SQL Server software using directories separate from the OS and other application software library directories.
Relocate any directories or reinstall other application software that currently shares the DBMS software library directory to separate directories.
Recommend dedicating a separate partition for the SQL software libraries.
This is pretty self explanatory. You should never install your SQL Server on the default “C” drive. Let your SAN team, or Windows Admin team know that you will need separate disk partitions. For example, the installation files can reside on the “E” drive, data file on the “F” drive and the log file on the “G” drive.
MSDN has a great article that addresses security considerations for a SQL Server installation. Read the article here. I also highly recommend buying a great book by Denny Cherry called, “Securing SQL Server.” I did a review of the book that you can read here.Description
65% SOLD ALREADY, NEW CONSTRUCTION AAA RESIDENCES, ,a collection of the gorgeous and modern Eco-friendly 27 new townhouses development, features 4-bedroom/2.5 baths, with masonry brick construction, 9' high ceiling, contemporary finishes, bright and open floor plans with 2 options to choose for the 1st floor, premium cabinets in gorgeous kitchen, 1 1/4"granite/quartz counter top, vented-out exhaust hood, stainless steel appliances provided, red oak hardwood floors throughout 1st and 2nd floors; high efficiency HVAC, 2-car garage,1-year limited home warranty provided, expected delivery in Spring 2023, outdoor deeded parking space can be purchased for $15000 each.: Richland Global.20190101T0700-FAITH-ALIVE-PART2-608044.JPG
A star, a star will dance in the night on Dec. 21.
Actually, it won't be a star, but the so-called "great conjunction" of two planets — Jupiter and Saturn — creating something similar to what some astronomers suggest the wise men may have seen in the biblical account of the birth of Jesus.
Jupiter and Saturn align about every 20 years, according to the Virginian-Pilot, but not always in December, and they don't always come so close to one another. Though they still will be hundreds of millions of miles apart, it's the closest the two planets have come in more than 800 years.
To those of us on Earth, that's close enough that they'll appear as one bright star of wonder, perhaps even one worth singing about.
"You'd have to go all the way back to just before dawn on March 4, 1226, to see a closer alignment between these objects visible in the night sky," Rice University astronomer Patrick Hartigan said in a statement.
Going back even farther, astronomers have floated the idea that a similar conjunction of planets could be a scientific explanation for the star of Bethlehem in the Christmas story.
According to the Gospel of Matthew, Magi, or wise men, came to Jerusalem after Jesus' birth, asking, "Where is the one who has been born king of the Jews? We saw his star when it rose and have come to worship him."
After consulting the chief priests and teachers of the law, the sitting king pointed the Magi to Bethlehem, according to the words of the prophets: "But you, Bethlehem, in the land of Judah, are by no means least among the rulers of Judah; for out of you will come a ruler who will shepherd my people Israel."
There, they found the child Jesus with his mother Mary, the star resting over their house.
"What was the Star of Bethlehem?" is one of the questions the Vatican Observatory always is asked around Christmastime, write Vatican astronomers Brother Guy Consolmagno and the Rev. Paul Mueller in their 2014 book Would You Baptize an Extraterrestrial?
"Nowadays most attempts at giving a possible scientific explanation for the Star of Bethlehem involve looking for interesting or unusual conjunctions of the planets," Consolmagno writes.
It's possible that what the wise men saw was the conjunction of Jupiter and Venus on June 17, 2 BCE, according to John Mosely, program supervisor for the Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles.
"In any case, knowing that a truly interesting astronomical event occurred around the time of the Nativity can add to our sense of wonder during the traditional Christmas season," Mosely writes in his 1987 book, The Christmas Star.
The event may well be greeted with joy, even for many who don't believe in the Christmas story: It comes on the winter solstice, the longest night of the year, after which nights grow shorter and daylight begins to return in the Northern Hemisphere.
At the end of 2020, the Virginian-Pilot writes, it's a "light at the end of a long, dark tunnel."
Advertisement
AdvertisementArchos X67 5G
The first all-terrain 5G rugged smartphone (IP68) - your best ally in any place or situation
- Rugged smartphone 5G with dual nano-SIM
- IP68, IP69K: Water and dustproof
- Mil-Spec 810G: Resistant to a drop of up to 1.5m
- Touchscreen for use with gloves or wet fingers
- Great autonomy: 8000 mAh battery
- Memory: 128 GB / RAM: 8GB
Internal ref: ARCHOSX67
Product description
5G smartphone designed for all environments
Archos X67 is designed to withstand all environments and benefits from the latest technologies, especially in terms of connectivity by incorporating 5G.
5G connectivity
Archos X67 is the first rugged 5G smartphone to hit the market. Its high-performance octa-core processor allows you to download all content, even the largest, in seconds. There are no more limits, even with the most demanding applications. 5G will allow you to connect a large number of devices at the same time optimally without risk of saturation. The reduced latency time will allow you to be more responsive.
An off-road smartphone
Thanks to its IP68 certification, the Archos X67 is resistant to submersion for 30 minutes at a depth of 1.5m. The IP69K certification even allows it to withstand high water pressure and steam cleaning. Its military standard makes it resistant to falls from heights of up to 1.5 m. Finally, the touch screen can be used even with gloves. It will follow you in all situations.
High-quality images
Its 6.67 "XXL screen with a resolution of 2400 x 1080 pixels (FHD +) makes the Archos X67 5G the perfect tool to view all your video content on the big screen. Its 4 cameras ensure images of exceptional quality. It is equipped with a 48Mp Sony main camera, a 13Mp wide angle camera, a depth of field camera and a macro camera. Associated with these cameras, the photo app offers you 5 different shots: HDR mode, for bright colors, mode night, for successful photos even in the darkest environments, Portrait mode, for professional-quality photos, and Panorama mode, not to miss any scenery. The camera also lets you record your videos in 4K quality.
More security than ever
Archos X67 is equipped with a fingerprint sensor on the side and facial recognition to protect your data. Its NFC chip and its compatibility with Google Pay allow you to make your payments without fear.
Features:
- IP68 certified, IP69K MIL-SPEC 810G
- Android 10, Stock Version, No Bloatware
- Can be used with pants
- Processor: Octo-core / MediaTek Dimensity 800 process, 4xCortex-A76, 2.0GHz & 4xCortex-A55, 2.0GHz, 7nm
- Memory: Internal: 128 Go / RAM: Go
- 48MP Sony Main Camera, IMX582, 1/2 '' Image Sensor, 1.6μm Super Pixel 4-in-1, F / 1.79 Aperture, 6-Element Lens
- 13MP Ultra Wide Camera, FOV 124 °, S5K3L6
- 2MP depth camera
- 2MP macro camera, 4cm macro distance, GC02M2
- Ultra-sharp 16MP front camera S5K3P9SP, 5-element lens, f / 2.8, PDAF
- 6.67" FHD+ Full screen (2400 x 1080)
- Aspect Ratio 20: 9, 410PPI
- Corning Gorilla Glass
- 10 Multi-Touch points
- 2 Nano-SIM cards
- USB Type-C port
- Bluetooth 5.1, Bluetooth HID
- Red: 5G
In the box
- 1 x Archos X67 5G
- 1 x Cable USB-C
- 1 x Power Charger
- 1 x USB-C to Jack 3.5 adapter
- User's manual.jpg?width=716&name=shutterstock_402629233%20(1).jpg)
If you're buying your very first house, you're most likely searching for your dream home on one or several apps or taking virtual tours via online listings. While online house searching can maximize your ability to compare and contrast homes by the features that are important to you, do they, or can they, replace the services of a professional Realtor? We've put together some FAQs about the services of local Realtors®. Read on!
Do I pay my Realtor to buy a house?
You bet! Navigating a real estate purchase is a complicated process. An experienced professional who knows the market can save you time, money and heartache by helping you find the right home, and make and negotiate the best purchase terms on your behalf. Equally as important, they’ll help reduce your stress by walking you through each step of the homebuying process, especially if you’re a first-time homebuyer. A Realtor is also professionally connected and can recommend a reputable lender, inspector and other service providers.
How do I find a good Realtor?
You’ll most likely be spending the next six months working with your Realtor, so it’s important to find someone whom you like and who will be able to safeguard your financial interests. Ask friends, co-workers and family members for references and find one with the experience, skill and personality that matches your needs. Your lender can also be a valuable resource for helping you find an agent.
Do I pay my Realtor to help me find a house?
As the buyer, you won’t pay any fees to an agent. Your agent will be compensated by the seller, even if the home for sale is not their listing.
What can a Realtor do for me?
A good Realtor will listen carefully to your priorities and won’t waste time showing you a mid-century modern ranch when you’re pining for a craftsman bungalow. They should also know the local area inside and out, especially if you’re moving into a new community. Not only will they be up on market trends, they’ll know about local schools, commute times and under-the-radar red flags that could have a negative effect on the neighborhood.
Remember, it’s a Realtor’s job to have a thorough understanding of the market. This includes providing you with a comparative market analysis to help you understand the trends and determine the price to offer in your preferred neighborhood. It will also provide you with “need to know” facts such as how long the property has been on the market, whether the price has come down during that time and, of course, the asking price.
Is it important for my agent to be licensed?
Yes, make sure the agent is licensed by the state; about half of all agents are designated Realtors, which means they belong to the National Association of Realtors and agree to abide by NAR’s stringent code of ethics. All Realtors and real estate agents have access to the Multiple Listing Service (MLS), a computerized database of properties currently on the market, which changes daily. Your agent should be able to provide you with new listings to consider as they become available, and will also include important demographics and market value information on the area you are seeking to buy a home.You can react more quickly to asset purchase opportunities
In conjunction with Galetech Energy Services, we specialise in providing fast and focussed reviews of operational renewable energy assets to comply with your tight bid timelines. Our initial red flag reports are usually provided within days, allowing you to quickly react to asset purchase opportunities.
You can identify value-add opportunities
In addition to identifying and making recommendations around potential issues to consider at project purchase, our operational due diligence analyses also deliver extremely useful insights, including:
- Projected lifetime O&M costs for inclusion in financial models, based on the actual maintenance history
- Quantified performance improvement opportunities
- Detailed assessments of end-of-life options, including decommissioning and repowering.
Our vast experience across all turbine manufacturers and across 20 years, means that you will be able to appropriately value assets for a successful tendering process.
You don’t need to worry about gaps between due diligence and operations
Once an asset is purchased, you’ll be confident that everything identified during due diligence will be managed during the operations phase.
We ensure this through our strategic Lifetime Asset Plans, which combine all issues identified during the vast amount of due diligence assessments and reports into a simple brief traffic-light style Lifetime Asset Plan.
This includes appropriate mitigation measures to manage out any remaining risks and develop any identified revenue upside opportunities. Typically, this forms the basis for an annual review of asset performance and is the starting point for annual maintenance and intervention plans.
Having our Lifetime Asset Plan in place means that your asset value will be optimised over the long term.Asia Asian Abstract Beautiful Balance Background
License to use Creative Commons Zero - CC0. You are free to use for many purposes without worrying issues licenses because this photo is TRUE FREE. We just want you to back a referral link to Max Pixel (optional).
The picture was tagged: Abstract, Asia, Asian, Background, Balance, Beautiful. Archives in the category "Backgrounds/Textures", it was created by Sony Ilce-7m2 camera with shoot mode: DT 85mm F1.8 SAM - 85.0mm · ƒ/1.8 · 1/800s · ISO 250, gives a photo excellent quality. The largest size is 5549×3699Banking with N26 is fast, flexible, and they have cool transparent cards. Here are the reasons you may enjoy an N26 account. travelers, self-employed people, and freelancers. The account is easy to use and the app is very user-friendly.
They have all the requisite safety features in place and some very cool features..
The information below is from the N26 website and my own comments.
Fast sign up
Open an N26 account in 5 minutes directly from your phone. No long lines, no paperwork, no fuss. Anytime, anywhere.
No hidden fees
Yes, really. No minimum balance, no maintenance charges, and no foreign transaction fees when you use your N26 card overseas.
FYI My sign up was easy and fast as they said.
Real-time notifications
We send you instant notifications on all account activity, including payments, withdrawals, and deposits.
FYI This is again very true.
N26 Perks
From entertainment to exercise, save money on subscriptions and services that fit into your lifestyle.
FYI I am using the perks for Luminary
Tag transactions
#weekend, #friends, #gift — Create your own personal tags to organize your transactions in a way that makes sense to you.
Instantly add money to your account
Ready to get started with N26? Use a debit card to instantly fund your account right from the app. You can also add money to your account using your favorite payment services such as Venmo, Paypal, or CashApp.
FYI This works awesome I have had no issues and its fast!
Get your paycheck earlier
Hate waiting for payday? Get paid up to 2 days earlier with a direct deposit. With N26, Wednesday is the new Friday.
Refer a friend
Invite friends to open an N26 account using your referral code and you’ll receive a cash bonus when they sign up.
FYI Here is my Link you earn $5.00 when you make a purchase of $10.00 or more.
(code - rogerk7688)
Visualize your financial goals
Personalize, track, and achieve your short and long-term financial goals with Spaces. Set a savings target, select an icon, and transfer money in or out of your Spaces instantly with just a few swipes.
Free cash withdrawals
Get unlimited free ATM withdrawals at over 55,000 Allpoint®.
Out-of-network? No problem. Enjoy 2 additional free ATM withdrawals per month from any network, anytime, anywhere in the US.
FYI I don't use it for this really
Send and receive money instantly
Make instant, real-time transfers for free using N26 MoneyBeam. Send, receive or request money from anyone who banks with N26.
Security you can trust Bank confidently
Your N26 account is FDIC-insured, which means your money is protected up to $250,000, so you can breathe and bank easier..
Banking you control
Lock or unlock your card if it's lost, set spending and withdrawal limits, change your PIN number, and enable international spending instantly.
We track your spending so you don’t have to
Ever wonder where all your money goes each month? Wonder no more. The N26 app automatically categorizes your purchases, creating a simple visual breakdown of your spending habits.
Open an account in 5 minutes directly from your phone to experience banking with N26.
In Summary.
7mm scale Zamzoodled Coupler Height GaugeHG014 • by Zamzoodled
£15.50
Thanks for signing up for restock notifications!
There was an error signing up for restock notifications. Please try again.
To assist with the setting out and adjustment of couplers. Includes a gauge for setting out the exact position on the buffer beam, which is stowed in the side of the gauge when not in use. Will also take a standard coupler shaft.
Available for 16.5mm and 14mm gauges
Wagon and coupler not supplied - for illustration only
View range page for instructionsTuffBank TBC4 Heavy Duty Site Chest
ticks the box for...
TuffBank TBC4 Heavy Duty Site Chest
Product Code: TBC4
In stock for immediate dispatch
$1,896.55, and PowerShelf to turn your product into a secure charging station. Available in 8 different sizes, there really is a TuffBank for every job.
ticks the box for...
- tested and certified by Sold Secure and Secured by Design
- unique features for ultimate safety and security
- wide range of extras availableLearn how easy it is to decorate sugar cookies like a pro without any kind of fancy equipment or fussy frosting! Use this best-tasting buttercream frosting recipe that hardens to make detailed designs or simply decorate beautiful sugar cookies with sprinkles!
Welcome to Day 4 of the 12 Days of Christmas Baking Tips!
If you want to catch up in this fun series, here are days 1-3:
- Day 1: Free Printable Holiday Baking Cheat Sheets
- Day 2: The BEST Easy & Chewy Sugar Cookies
- Day 3: The BEST Buttercream Frosting for Sugar Cookies (that hardens!)
I am *so excited* for today’s tip, simply because I have been itching to show you how EASY it is to decorate gorgeous sugar cookies like a pro without fancy kitchen tools, AND, with easy-to-use & absolutely delicious buttercream frosting that hardens enough where you can more simply store & transport the cookies.
Yep, buttercream! No royal icing here, folks! No offence to royal icing…it’s just not buttercream, and my taste buds are kinda biased.
You can use any sugar cookie recipe for decorating (although, if you’re looking for recommendations, I’d highly suggest this soft & chewy sugar cookie recipe!), but you’ll definitely want to use this buttercream frosting recipe for decorating.
Why? I go into a ton of detail on how to make that buttercream in that post (lots of detail not because it’s hard to make, but because I walk you through, step-by-step, exactly how easy it is to get the perfect frosting every time, and then offer up a bunch of tips for prep & use) but here are the main reasons you’ll want to be particular by using that recipe:
- The consistency of the buttercream is *perfect* – it’s not grainy, it’s not runny, it’s not too dense or too fluffy. It’s just right.
- It tastes AMAZING. I feel like sugar cookies are sometimes kinda boring to eat. When you pair the soft & chewy sugar cookie recipe + the really creamy & flavorful buttercream, it is ANYTHING but boring: it’s a match made in heaven.
- It’s easy to work with – you’re going to see just how unsophisticated my process is for decorating cookies. But, you’re going to love it, because it means ANYONE with a little time, patience, and a steady hand can do this, too! This buttercream is really easy to work with – it spreads easily with a butterknife onto the cookies, and it pipes really easily onto the cookies (and keeps its shape – not runny at all!) for the detailed decor.
- It hardens up. Yes, there are other buttercream recipes out there that may taste pretty similar to my recipe, but after lots of experimenting in my kitchen, I finally figured out the perfect recipe – ratio of ingredients + process of mixing them together – that produces a frosting that hardens up well enough, particularly for sugar cookies, that enables you to stack them without messing them up, and FAR more easily store them & transport them. It doesn’t harden up like a rock, but it does harden up well enough make life with sugar cookies a little easier. 🙂
In this post, I’m going to show ya exactly how to use that buttercream to make gorgeous cookies in a couple of different ways:
- A quick (but still beautiful!) method: how to decorate sugar cookies with the buttercream + sprinkles
- And a more detailed (but still easy!) method: how to decorate sugar cookies with detailed designs
Ok, are you ready to get started?! We need to do a couple of steps first that apply to both ways of decorating (with sprinkles and with piping), and then I’ll talk you through more details for each method, as well as throw in some “best practice tips” along the way.
Thorough Video Tutorial for How to Decorate These Gorgeous Cookies
This video is long, but I talk you through (and show you) the process of decorating these cookies – it’s worth a watch if you still have some questions after going through the pictures/commentary on this post!
And, this video is definitely evidence that most of the projects on this blog of mine are a family affair…my kids could not keep their hands out of those sugar cookies! ?
How to Decorate (beautiful!!) Sugar Cookies Like a Pro
Hang with me here – I’m going to give you lots of details, just so you can get beautifully decorated cookies the very first time you try this!
Here’s what you need other than the frosting (see how simple your supplies are!):
- Zipper sandwich bags
- Use ones with zippers for two main reasons: 1) You can give the frosting airtight storage if you’re not going to do all the decorating in one sitting, and 2) The bags with the zippers tend to be stronger than the ones without – they won’t bust their seam anywhere near as easily.
- Also, use sandwich zipper bags vs. gallon zipper bags or freezer zipper bags – gallon bags will be too clunky to work with, and freezer bags are typically really thick and might make piping more difficult
- Scissors – for cutting the tips of the bags
- Paper plates – for easy clean-up after mixing the colors & using the frosting
- Gel food coloring – I know I harp on this in my buttercream frosting recipe post, but seriously – the colors will be brilliant WITHOUT messing with the texture and consistency of the frosting!
- Butter knife – for mixing & spreading
- Paper towels – for easily wiping the knife clean between mixing colors
Step 1: Color the Buttercream with Gel Food Colors
This step does assume you’ve already made both your sugar cookies & your buttercream, and you’re ready to color the buttercream!
Important tip: Color the frosting really soon after you make the buttercream. It’ll be far easier to mix colors into the frosting and spread the frosting onto the cookies before that icing begins to stiffen up!
This part is fun & easy! You’ll scoop out separate “piles” of frosting onto paper plates, and add a few drops of coloring – maybe start out with 1 or two at a time – to each dollop of frosting and mix with the butter knife. You can play around quite a bit with colors – that’s what I do!
Super important tips:
- Specifically for spreading the frosting on the cookies: you’ll need to use the buttercream frosting for this process fairly soon after you make it – within an hour or so, or else it’ll get too stiff to spread easily.In other words: I wouldn’t make the frosting ahead of time; I’d make it, color it (like I’m going to show you), and then spread it on the cookies soon after – the cookies you’re decorating with sprinkles, as well as the cookies that you’re piping but that you want to have a “base” coat.
- For the icing you’re using to pipe onto the cookies: after you spread the cookies with their base coat of frosting, you CAN store the rest of the icing that you color for all the detail work and use it the following day.So, as much as I think it would be best for you to SPREAD the frosting soon after you make it, as long as you properly store the remainder of the frosting for piping (I’m going to show you), you’re fine waiting a day after you make the frosting to do the detail work on the cookies. However, there’s a caveat to that: don’t wait too long to use it. For best results, I wouldn’t wait longer than a day before piping the colored frosting onto the cookies. When you color the frosting, store it in the baggies, and then let it sit for too long in the baggies (basically, longer than a day), that icing stays moist enough that the icing & the food coloring start to separate a bit, and then you have to do quite a bit of “massaging” of the bag
- Remember to reserve some white frosting! Unless you know you’re not going to use any white for any reason, you’ll want to make sure you don’t get too carried away with coloring the frosting that you forget to leave some of the white behind.
Other helpful tips about coloring the frosting:
- You don’t necessarily have to make all of the colors individually. Sometimes I’ll make a blue & a green frosting, but then I’ll take a little bit of each of those and mix them together to make a turquoise. This is especially helpful when I’m particular on the hue I want (which is often…I’m particular on colors!) – you can have more control over the color when you mix together colored frostings that have already been colored rather than freshly adding food coloring from the bottle to the white icing. Make sense?
- To make black: Mix all the colors! Ha! Usually, it’s literally a mixture of red, blue, green, and yellow (all the colors you’d find in the primary color box of food coloring), but then I’ll keep adding different colors to get the right “shade” of black (i.e. if I want it a bluer black or a yellower black)
- To make brown: I mix red & green together, and then will occasionally add a tiny bit of blue and/or yellow to, again, get the shade of brown I’m looking for.
- Keep your designs in mind: if you know you’re only going to need the slightest bit of some colors (i.e. for me: I didn’t need very much purple, pink, or orange, because I was only using those for the Christmas light dots) and you need quite a bit of some of the other colors (i.e. especially the “base” colors you’re using to spread onto the cookie before you decorate), just make sure you keep that in mind as you’re portioning out the frosting to color.
Just keep mixing all the colors until you’re happy with your color collection!
Step 2: Put SOME of the frosting in baggies
You’re not going to put your “base” coat of frosting in the zipper baggies, but you will put all the colors you’re piping into the zipper baggies. I know, this seems so po-dunk, doesn’t it?!
I will often do 2 colors per bag if I’m not using a LOT of both colors – I’ll put one color in one corner and one color in another. They stay separated from one another just fine.
Don’t cut tips in them quite yet – we’ll get there in another step or two.
Step 3 A: Give your cookies the “base” coat of frosting (the ones that need the base coat)
This is where you’re going to use your butter knife to spread the frosting onto the round cookies (I don’t spread frosting on the cutouts – I pipe it onto them; I show you how to do that in the video on this post!) – the ones you’re decorating with sprinkles and the ones you’re going to pipe onto later.
I didn’t think to take pictures of this step – we were taking a video of almost the entire process, and I forgot to pause sometimes to take photos of the process, too. I’ll talk you through some of these, and you can also watch the video to get a more thorough visual tutorial.
Step 3 B: Add the sprinkles to the cookies you’re decorating…well, with sprinkles! 🙂
I didn’t make this Step 4 because this is kind of a mid-step. Because that frosting does start to stiffen, you’re going to want to add the sprinkles soon after you frost them.
Important tips for adding sprinkles:
- Make sure you have a rimmed pan below the cookies to catch the sprinkles. Because that icing isn’t really…wet? (It’s creamy, but it’s not wet – you’ll know what I mean!), it doesn’t catch the sprinkles very well. So, I add the sprinkles really close to the cookie (I don’t sprinkle them from up high), and they’re still going to inevitably want to kind of roll off the frosting. So…
- Gently press the sprinkles into the frosting as you’re sprinkling them onto the cookie. This is EASY, you’ll just want to make sure to do it as you’re adding the sprinkles. They’ll stay just fine in the frosting after you gently press them in – you don’t have to worry about them rolling off the cookie. And you can tell: you can hardly see that they’re even pressed in, so this process doesn’t compromise the aesthetic of them at all:
Step 4: Decorate the cookies with the detailed frosting
Again, in that video above, you’ll get a much more thorough visual tutorial of this process, but I’m going to walk you through some of the basic steps. This part is VERY doable, you just need: a little time, a little patience, and a steady hand.
Tips for doing the detailed decorating:
- Have your designs in mind
- Take some screen shots of other Christmas cookies you love, or do a search for “Christmas vector images” or “Christmas clip art” (or you can get more specific with your search depending on what you’re wanting like, “Christmas wreath clip art,” “Christmas light clip art,” “Nativity clip art,” etc.).
- If you want a calligraphy look, you can do a search for “Christmas word art” or “Christmas calligraphy” and get some inspiration from those images, too!
- If you made the frosting and put it in the baggie the day before you’re using it to decorate, you’ll want to “massage” the bag (I really cannot come up with a better term for this…I know, so weird, right?) with the frosting to make sure the food coloring is all mixed in with the frosting. Sometimes it separates a little from the frosting – this usually isn’t that big of a deal if you only made it a day ahead of time.
- If you cut a hole that’s too big for the design you’re wanting to create, this is an easy fix: just squirt some of that icing into a fresh zipper bag and cut a smaller hole. I do this A LOT, especially since a lot of times, when I’m decorating cookies, I’ll need the same color with two different “flows” – red that flows quickly/thickly and red that is really thin so I can make small details.
First, go ahead and cut the tips in the corners of the zipper baggies – START SMALLER. You can always cut a bigger tip if you need to. Then, you’ll just start piping it onto the cookies.
Then, you’ll just start gently piping the icing onto the cookies.
When I was decorating these cookies, I had given them their “base coat” the day before, and then I was piping the icing the following day. I only did this because of time – I didn’t have time to do both on the same day. You don’t have to wait after you’ve spread the frosting on the cookie to start the piping, I’m just telling you both are possibilities!
And you’re just going to keep going with a steady hand!
Have fun with the different designs!
Tip: How to frost the cutout cookies
Let me talk you through how to decorate those cutout cookies since you can’t really spread the base coat of icing on there like you can on the regular round cookies.
Again, you can get a much more detailed look at this in that video toward the top of this post, but you can see here that I just piped the main color onto the cookie:
I created an outline with the frosting, and then filled it in going back and forth with the same color. Then, I added the detail work.
Tip: How to frost the cutout cookies with sprinkles
Don’t you just love how gorgeous these snowflake cookies are?! Once again, I go over this in the video, but the steps for this are so simple – there are only two of them!
Same thing – you’re going to pipe the icing onto the cookie. But then, you add on the sprinkles, give them a gentle pat, and you’re done!
Are you ready to go make some of these?! You’re going to have a blast! It’s like painting, but in more of a grown-up form! 🙂
Recap of some of the best practice tips for decorating gorgeous sugar cookies:
- Use sandwich bags. For easiest use & best flow of the icing, us the zipper sandwich bags, not freezer or gallon bags.
- Don’t make the icing for piping too far ahead of time. Remember, you’ll want to spread the icing for the base coat soon after you make that buttercream & color it, but you can reserve the rest of the frosting you’re using for piping after you’ve colored it and stored it in the zipper bags. Just don’t wait too long to use it – if you wait more than a day or so, the food coloring really starts to separate from the icing. (It does NOT separate once it’s on the cookie, so you don’t have to worry about the colors running/separating after you decorate the cookies, it just separates in the bag since both stay moist in the airtight bag.)
- Keep the icing (the icing for piping that you put in the baggies) on the kitchen counter, NOT in the fridge, if you’re going to use it the next day. Cold icing is really hard to work with. Room temp is definitely best for ease of use.
- Press in the sprinkles. When you’re sprinkling the sprinkles on top, make sure you’re doing it over a rimmed pan that can catch the sprinkles. And, make sure you gently press in the sprinkles so they stay on the cookies.
- Reserve extra white frosting when you’re coloring it. 1) So you make sure you have white for decorating, and 2) In case you need to make another color you forgot to make or you need to make more of a color you ran out of.
- If you’re having problems with your baggies, try a different brand. I’ve been decorating sugar cookies for YEARS, and I’ve pretty much just always used the same baggies – the store brand (Wahoo! Love my H-E-B grocery store!) – and they work just fine. There have been times when I’ve decorated cookies and the bags I’m using just keep splitting at the seams when I’m squirting out the icing. I can’t tell you this won’t happen, but, this doesn’t happen often to me, especially if the icing is at room temperature and isn’t too cold.
FAQ for Decorating these Sugar Cookies
Lemme answer some additional questions you might have!
- Does the icing spoil? Well, I can’t say that cookies have stuck around long enough, uneaten, at our house for us to really know if the icing eventually spoils, but I will say, the cookies + the icing taste just fine even a full week after frosting them. And no, you don’t need to store them in the fridge!
- How long does it take for the icing to harden? Especially for the cookies that you’re frosting & then sprinkling (i.e. no detailed piping work), you can stack those pretty soon after you make them. But, just to be on the safe side, I’d wait overnight before stacking cookies on top of each other – particularly the ones with the detail. However, if you’re on a time crunch, you can pretty much stack and transport the cookies that you frost & sprinkle within about an hour of making them.
- Can I use a different buttercream recipe for decorating? Maybe. I use a different buttercream frosting recipe (just a different ratio of ingredients) for cakes, simply because this particular buttercream for cookies is stiffer and is much better for the detailed decorating (and then the storing/transport of the cookies), but also wouldn’t be great for cakes because it wouldn’t adhere and spread onto the cake really smoothly like it does on the cookies. But, if you’re really loyal to your own buttercream frosting, and if it holds food coloring well, then go for it! I just can’t promise you it’ll harden up the same way my recipe does.
- Can I use cream cheese frosting for decorating? Eee. This is where we might draw the line. I’ve worked with cream cheese frosting, but VERY rarely for detail work. You’re welcome to give it a shot, but the consistency of cream cheese frosting vs. the buttercream is so different.
Can I answer any other questions for ya?! If so, leave me a comment and I’ll see what other info I have up my sleeve! Have fun decorating!
Related links for you:
And, if you love those recipes and want easy access to them, be sure to snag your FREE holiday baking cheat sheets that you can print out & hang up in your kitchen cabinets with all sorts of tips and tricks for Christmas baking! 🙂
Alicia says
Do you store these cookies room temp or in the fridge?
TheAmericanPatriette says
Room temp! No need to store in the fridge.
Taylor says
Could I use non-fat milk in the buttercream frosting recipe? I know that the consistency will not be the same as heavy whipping cream or even whole milk, but my family has a lot of allergies and we only use non-fat milk in our household. Is there any adaptations I could make to the rest of the recipe to make up for the use of non-fat milk? I can’t wait to try this recipe! Thanks for posting!
TheAmericanPatriette says
I don’t know that you’ll get the same hardening, but the consistency should be ok enough for actually spreading the frosting. 🙂
Kelli Hodges says
Hey there,
If u wanted to “flood” some parts of cookie how do you do so? Milk? Water? Or can you not flood with buttercream?
TheAmericanPatriette says
I’m so sorry it’s taken me so long to respond to your comment! The buttercream recipe I use for this method really isn’t made for flooding – I never flood cookies because I don’t like royal icing, so I take the little compromise on appearance in order to get buttercream. 🙂
Christy says
Where can I find the video? There are no links attached to any pictures of text….hmmmm.
TheAmericanPatriette says
I’m not sure what pictures of text you’re referring to, but the video is right below this paragraph:
“You can use any sugar cookie recipe for decorating (although, if you’re looking for recommendations, I’d highly suggest this soft & chewy sugar cookie recipe!), but you’ll definitely want to use this buttercream frosting recipe for decorating.”
Whitney W says
There still isn’t a link to the video that I can find. I tried looking for you on YouTube but with no luck. Any chance you can re-check your hyperlink or make a YouTube channel known?
Thanks!
TheAmericanPatriette says
It’s easy to skim over because it looks like an image, but you’ll find the video after this paragraph: “You can use any sugar cookie recipe for decorating (although, if you’re looking for recommendations, I’d highly suggest this soft & chewy sugar cookie recipe!), but you’ll definitely want to use this buttercream frosting recipe for decorating.”
Bob says
I can’t find the video showing the cookie decorating process.
TheAmericanPatriette says
So strange, something went wrong with the coding & it wasn’t displaying anymore. I just added it again!
Susan Parr says
When will I receive the free holiday baking cheat sheets? I clicked on the red box, completed the info, and verified on the email you sent. Did I miss a step somewhere?
TheAmericanPatriette says
Hi Susan, did you check your spam/junk folder? My emails often end up there. 🙁 If you don’t see them, send me an email mauri[at]theamericanpatriette.com and I’ll get ’em to you!
Sue Peterson says
Where can I find the video on “How to decorate cookies like a pro?” Is it on You tube?
TheAmericanPatriette says
Hi Sue, you’ll find it directly on this post!Looking at yes, you are the show me my smart band for, oh, my goodness yeah. This is the big rage and now we're gon na take a look at it in just a moment. Once I tell you that this official version production unit is coming to us from Tom Tom. Thank you so […]
Remember those greetings and welcome to smart watch ticks, and so indeed the vibe line of Z blaze releases. Another VHS, yes inside this box is the new 5 v we've, seen the 3, the to the for the ECG, the PPG, the all those things, and now now we have the newest one […]
Bon […]
We have been waiting for this I've been waiting for this. I get by 10 of these and hand them out to people on the street, toss them into open convertibles driving around in the snow. Anybody that's willing to take this and put it on for 15 bucks, roughly between 15 and 20 dollars […]
T […]
An onboard heart rate, monitor that will check your pulse check your blood pressure as well, and give you a reading on your internal battery. That is the band, and that is the watch. But if you lift the lid, you reveal the secret hiding place for two stereo earbuds that you simply pop in […](248) 552-1509
Our program is located in South.
Full day school age break camp will be held at Magnolia Center.
Before-School & After-School Grades K-8
Ages: 5-12
Dates: 2021/2022 School Year (Dates subject to change according to school district's schedule)
Hours: 6:30 - 8:45 AM // 4:00 - 6:00 PM
Winter Break
Dates: December 20 - 30, 2021 (No Fridays)
Hours: 6:30 AM - 6:00 PM
2021/2022 School Year
Before-School:
1 day: $7.50 per week
2 days: $13.50 per week
3 days: $20 per week
4 days: $26 per week
5 days: $30 per week
After-School:
1 day: $11.50 per week
2 days: $22 per week
3 days: $32 per week
4 days: $42.50 per week
5 days: $50.50 per week
Winter Break
$34 per day
Additional Fees:
Registration: $25 per family
Drop In Before School: $7.50 per day
Drop In After School: $11.50 per day
Discounts:
Multi-child: 10%
Military: 15%
School Employee: 50%
DHS Subsidy state assistance.Nearly 200 years after British author Mary Shelley bid her “hideous progeny go forth and prosper” her allegorical tale, Frankenstein, continues with the release of a new ebook titled Frankenstein A Life Beyond by Pete Planisek. Available beginning August 1, 2012, this novel is the first direct sequel to Mary Shelly’s iconic story, which examined Victor Frankenstein’s quest to both create and kill an unnamed creature that ultimately destroys all but one member of the Frankenstein family, Victor’s brother, Ernest.
Frankenstein A Life Beyond is set ten years after the events in Shelley’s novel and explores many of the issues left open by the original, while establishing new characters and mysteries. The story details Ernest’s efforts to craft a new life in spite of demons, both internal and external, from his past, which refuse to be at peace and ultimately endanger both he and his new family. “While it has elements of romance, mystery, history, and horror in it, I really see this as a story about the importance of family,” Planisek states. “The narrative challenges the reader to explore how a legacy of victimization, the nature of grief, love, trust in family, the need for hope, the pursuit of justice, and friendships shape our lives and alternately create and destroy us.”
Frankenstein A Life Beyond is Pete Planisek’s debut novel and the first publication released by his new ebook publishing company, Enceladus Literary LLC. He plans to release two more Frankenstein books within the next several years. Additional details and copies of his ebook Frankenstein A Life Beyond (ISBN 9780985098209) can be found at: or purchased online through Amazon.com (including Amazon.com sites in several European countries), and Barnes & Noble.com.
Enceladus Literary LLC specializes in the publication of ebooks and provides publication assistance to both new and established authors who are interested in joining the new age of ebook publishing.
###
Media Contact:
Pete PlanisekATD wins prestigious Blue Diamond Award
American Tire Distributors (ATD) recently received a Blue Diamond Award from the Charlotte (N.C.) Chamber of Commerce.
The Blue Diamond Awards are presented annually for business leadership in information technology. ATD won in the category of "Best Corporate Information Technology Business Value" based on the successful development and implementation of its B-to-B Web site. The other finalists were Bank of America and Premier Healthcare Management.
Chuck Parris, ATD's director of interactive services, accepted the 2006 Blue Diamond Award. The awards ceremony was held at the Blumenthal Center in downtown Charlotte.Description
Find out more
myForm is a food supplement based on monacolin K from red rice that contributes to the maintenance of normal blood levels of cholesterol in the blood, olive that contributes to the normal circulation of the blood and to the regularity of blood pressure, and milk thistle, alpha lipoic acid, policosanol and gamma oryzanol.
How to use
Take 1 tablet per day, after dinner, with plenty of water.
admin –
Mr. Patrizio F.
A valid and natural solution against cholesterol. I have done the blood tests and it is finally under control
admin –
Mr. Federico S.
It is the first time that my doctor has recommended me a supplement. After two months the cholesterol was, for the first time in years, below the maximum threshold.
admin –
Ms. Moira R.
I took statins and coenzyme Q10 for a lifetime and my cholesterol lowered but only a little. With myForm, it’s gone. And no muscle pains
admin –
Ms. Grazia D. L.
My doctor recommended this product for my high pressure. It is now much more regular. But isn’t the product for cholesterol ???
admin –
Ms. Isabella R.
Fermented red rice works perfectly! Great product with no side effects (no more leg pains)
admin –
Mr. Fulvio C.
I have high cholesterol even though I have a very low fat mass. Myform seems to me to keep it under control
admin –
Ms. Geggi G.
For a year now, I have been attending a nutraceutical course (I am an anesthesiologist) and I have studied red rice and milk thistle. I have recommended this product to my husband and it works very well
admin –
Mr. Antonello G.
After the Christmas binges I will have cholesterol skyrocketing. I’ve been using myform since January 1st
admin –
Ms. Titty R.
Recommended by all my friends :-). Let’s see if it works
admin –
Mr. Andrew F.
I left Italy for a couple of months and I order this product online. It’s fantastic!
admin –
Mr. Alex F.
It costs more than statins (per monthly dose), the effect is the same but no more pains
admin –
Mrs. Mariasole S.
I don’t understand why some countries ban fermented red rice. It works very well and has no side effects (like muscle pain)When I fell in love with trail running I immediately understood that the delight of it was joining the exquisite running experience with the sense of exploration and adventure that the new brings into anyone’s life.
How many times have you felt that the world that surrounds you is getting small? If you’re a runner like me you’ve likely felt already that you needed new routes, new sights, new landscapes to run on. The travel experience, the freshness of new to get your mind flowing and in the zone.
I registered for Douro Ultra Trail in early April this year and can only praise the location, the people and the organisation.
Trail porn is the best possible way to start this post, by showing off the absolutely fantastic landscapes and thrilling views you can expect to find in the race.
Trail porn
Nature in pure form
Life is so simple
Immersed in the wild
Up in the clouds
Vineyards in steps
Vineyards and trail © Pedro Beco
Nature in perfect form © Pedro Beco
Beautiful landscape © Lino Ribeiro
Peso da Régua by the Douro
The race takes place in one of the most beautiful regions in the world, classified as UNESCO World Heritage and renowned for its production of port wine. It runs through authentic vineyards, exploring the Serra do Marão with its steep slopes, green forests and rocky cliffs. The organisation offered trails of unparalleled beauty and an open ended outlook of the portuguese horizon.
The challenge started on a Friday morning. As I’m living in Germany I had to travel all the way to the north of Portugal to participate in the race the day after. Early wake-up call, flying over after a busy work week, having my parents pick me up at Oporto airport and drive all the way to Peso da Régua, home location of the race.
The pre-race day was used to explore the city, get the race bib, check that all the required material was present and in order, but mostly to enjoy family, tasty food and good weather. The forecast indicated heavy rain and thunderstorms but the setting was a perfect 26ºC sunny day.
The race day kicked off early again (without much sleep) at 4:30 AM. The 44K race would start from Mesão Frio and we had a bus transfer leaving at 5:00 AM to get us there. It was dark and cold but one could anticipate already the warm atmosphere that would be felt during the whole event: the complete crowd was ecstatic, groups of acquainted people chatting, casual laughter generating a sense of community and an united thrill based on the idea that starting at 7:00 AM an epic journey would commence near the base of the mountain.
While eagerly waiting to start, I sought the dim lights of civilisation in the hills standing in front of us and the joy of meeting fellow runners which were as crazy as I to board on such an endeavour. Soon enough the race started, we were off, adrenaline at its high, heading up and all the way to Ferraria.
The cold and shivers from the night soon started to fade away and the rain jacket was quickly stowed away.
The first 20 kilometers into the race were pure bliss. Absolutely stunning landscapes, sunrise slowly unravelling the beauty of the region, vineyards popping up everywhere, the Douro river always present down below, getting up to where only clouds sat at the very top, images and feelings which I won’t forget for a long time to come.
Ermida is a small village located in one steep slope of the Serra do Marão. Narrow streets, traditional houses and elder people awaited us with eyes full of curiosity. A nice old lady saw me coming and after a welcoming good morning, stated she was surprised as she “was told there would be a lot of runners coming”. “So they are, so they are…” I said. Her smile still cheers me up today.
In the next 5 Km the accumulated ascent on my legs was starting to show signs of itself. I couldn’t but stop thinking about the configuration of Ermida: the whole village was on a slope! The lady I had just met is challenged with ascent on a daily basis just to visit her neighbour. Her fitness is for sure top notch! 😉
From Ermida to Santa Marta de Penaguião time just flew. I’ve met a few runners on the way and quickly adopted the common pattern of talking with everyone. You ask if everything is ok if you pass a fellow athlete which is walking. You wave, you nod, you hail “good morning”, you praise the landscape, you establish contact and share the moment. The race is a race… and yet at the same time it is not. It’s kind of a walk in the park where you enjoy the scenery with others. From players complaining about the heat which was starting to hit us to others claiming they could run only on ascent instead of flat terrain, diversity was a natural and curious part of the game.
After a pine forest at the top of the hill, the long descent to Santa Marta started. My bib had got torn and I’d fold it into one of the backpack pockets. Passing through a checkpoint, they didn’t really care to see it, they just trusted the bib number I reported. There was a huge empathy with the organisation staff at that moment, the one you feel with family. The whole event was designed to provide athletes a true and natural experience. Good example of it was the fact that when we needed to cross Santa Marta, buried deeply in a valley, with its logical village asphalt, the path went directly through the soccer field, green soft grass greeting my tired legs. What a superb detail!
At this stage I had aproximately 30 Kms done and the watch marked 4 hours. I remember thinking that was slightly above my training average, however I wanted to soak it all in. It made only sense I would take a bit longer, as timing was not my main target. The goal was to enjoy the most of it, learn with every given step and record all precious sights on my memory vault.
I came to run the next section with a fellow trail lover which kept doing different trail races and never repeated any. He truly enjoyed the sense of discovery, the exploration and the new which a trail run offered. That made a lot of sense at the time yet however I can’t stop feeling that a part of my soul and the Douro valley now have a strong bond. Who doesn’t like revisiting loved places? Haven’t you ever sought re-living a past experience?
My learning curve was just around the corner. At Km 32 my body started craving for energy yet clearly shrieked that anything I’d try to put in, wouldn’t stay there. The long way up until the next aid station at Medrões suddenly felt like I had to climb up a huge wall. I decided to take it easy and follow the recommendation of a few runners I’d met at the start line which were just passing by: take in as much water as possible! Grateful I am for the hint, as the natural spring found along the way provided sacred fresh water which was not only drunk but poured over my head for refreshment. Oh joy…
It took me one and half hour to reach the top, including the time spent at the aid station. I decided to forget the food I was carrying and made my bet on available fruit (hoping the fructose would kick in) and chips (for the salt). Together with the enthusiasm of all the runners arriving at the top, the friendly reception of the staff and the shade of the canopy, I suddenly started feeling like Superman again. Laugher kicked in as I athletes went for glasses of wine and cocktails (yes! they did!) and everyone felt that after an additional 1 Km going up, the long descent all the way back to Peso da Régua would greet us for the last 7 Kms. Fuel levels restored, I departed only to get absolutely amazed with the astonishing view one had at the top.
I rejoiced and smiled the whole way down. I overtook around 15 runners and by the slow speed I was loosing altitude, I finally realised how high the previous challenge had taken us all. Suddenly there was a stunning view over the Douro again and Régua down below. When I temporarily stood still for a photo, a man painting his house with his daughter close by couldn’t avoid commenting “you all stop at that exact place to take a picture”. We laughed in unison, delighted with the simple things in life.
It was around 13:30 PM and the sun was creating a blazing temperature of around 30ºC. The last kilometers were done entering the city, staff at each crossing making sure we’d take the right path, guiding us to the lane that followed the flow of the river. The sense of close achievement is unbelievably hard to describe. If you haven’t ever felt such an emotion, set yourself on a mission beyond your limits and accept the challenge. If you did already, I’m confident you’ve set your next target already anyhow ;-).
The finish line was set in the Museu do Douro, a tribute to the region where visitors can tap into the history of the valley, grasp its tradition and enjoy the opportunity of port wine tasting. It was the perfect place to finish the race!
I crossed the finish line with 6h 28 min after 44 Kms with 2250m D+ (4700 m overall).
First marathon, first trail race, first ultra…
The crowd was having a great time seeing all the runners arrive, having nice drinks and enjoying the sun. Having the familiar faces of my parents eagerly waiting for my arrival was absolutely priceless. Ensure you always have eyes of recognition looking out for you when you tear your barriers. They’ll keep you moving!
The personal triumph is dedicated to my family, especially to you-know-who. Thank you for your support and for putting up with my trail craziness and/or love.
Congrats to the organisation for putting up an extraordinary event!
From the chosen trails to the friendliness of the staff, the TMG massages at the end, the whole atmosphere… wow, well done!
At the very end the organiser João Marinho challenged me to participate in the next edition to tackle the 80 Kms. Well… who knows…
2 Replies to “Douro Ultra Trail 2014”Dr. Julie Granger DPT
Surviversary #4 / Rebirthday #4
Four (❗️❗️❗️❗️) years ago today, May 19, I had a grapefruit-sized tumor removed from my chest.
Diagnosed with an extremely rare form of sarcoma in August 2015, I underwent a total of 12 months of chemotherapy, 28 rounds of radiation therapy, 3 surgeries, a million battles with insurance companies, losing 15 and gaining 30 and losing 15 pounds, 2 rib fractures, 3 blood transfusions, fainting in my living room, an ambulance ride, enduring my hair falling out five times (not completely, but just enough to bring worry and tears), losing part of a lung/3 ribs/part of a collarbone/part of the breastbone/a phrenic nerve/a hemidiaphragm, undergoing a complex chest wall reconstruction, enduring a blood clot and 6 very annoying months on a blood thinner, acquiring inflammation-induced PCOS, prediabetes, candida esophagitis, energy deficiency and a myriad of other things, breaking impossible-to-break titanium implants and having them removed, encountering and overcoming a gazillion ongoing treatment side effects, conquering 2 open water swims against several odds, hearing maybe I’d need a 4th surgery in 2019 (didn’t happen), learning that #onelungprobs require oxygen at altitude, completely reinventing my personal and professional life, losing our first fur baby, adopting a second one, selling our house, selling almost everything we owned, paying off 150k in student loans in one fell swoop, embarking on perpetual travel and Airstream life...
And...On this fourth “#surviversary” I Could 👏🏻Not👏🏻Be.👏🏻More👏🏻Grateful. For all of it.
It has launched—no—catapulted me into a gorgeous love-filled life beyond my wildest imagination.
If you had suggested to me 7 years ago I’d be where I am now and feel the way I do, I would have laughed hysterically at you and then probably said something asinine like “oh, #blessyourheart.”
I LOVE how the Universe works, I love my new perspective on life, and I’m so grateful (grateful actually doesn’t even begin to describe it) that I can share my story and journey with others.
I will say that the last year since Rebirthday #3 has been full of the highest of highs and the lowest of lows—and I could not be more grateful to have been through what I went through with cancer to be able to take it in stride, stay focused, know how to navigate through the most unthinkable of emotions and challenges, and continue to move forward.
Thanks to the hundreds and thousands of people who have stood by me, cheered me on, helped me to keep myself in one piece, and continue to do so.
It most definitely takes a village.
I was in tears last night as good old Facebook illuminated some memories of this day—and wanted to share some screenshots of just the tip of the iceberg of all the love I received that day. And that love continues, and I continue to pay it forward in perpetuity.
Now I’m even more grateful to be a portal of love and truth in so many other people’s villages as well.
Also—I dug up this (very long!) video I made when celebrating my first surviversary / rebirthday in 2017. If you have a good 54 minutes and want to watch something inspiring instead of stressful (you know you do, because #COVID) grab some popcorn and an adult bev and give it a watch to get a real perspective on the WHOLE picture — from a life of barely surviving to thriving:
PS for anyone wondering—my most recent 4-year scan (April) was all clear! 💥👊🏻💪🏻
In love and health,
Samuel Boyd1763-1835
[need picture]
Biographical Sketch On The Life Of Samuel Boyd
Samuel Boyd was born in Virginia, May 20, 1763. In his early life, he with his father moved to South Carolina, where they enlisted in the army of the revolution. Having to carry through all his subsequent life such marks of the long and terrible struggle for independence would instill patriotism in the minds of his children, hence they imbibed in early childhood a deep and abiding hatred of the name Tory, as the Loyalist was called. He fought during the Revolutionary War, receiving an injury from a Tory bullet that struck his temple, putting out one of his eyes. He was left for dead, but was found by a black woman who hid him in the brush and nursed him back to health.
Isabella Higgins, wife of Samuel Boyd, was born in South Carolina, February 13, 1764. Her father, John Higgins was a native of Scotland. Her mother's name was Elizabeth Campbell. She was also of Scotch-Irish descent. Samuel Boyd and Isabella Higgins were married in 1785. She was named in honor of the queen of Spain, and also had the honor of being escorted by Andrew Jackson in her youthful days. Her love settled on the one-eyed soldier of the revolution, who was an honest farmer and afterward became a faithful pioneer preacher. They first became members of the Presbyterian Church and afterward joined the Newlights. It was favorable for their vast progeny that they were inclined to go westward and seek more productive soil. Soon after their marriage, they moved to Tennessee and settled in a cabin home. While living there a great shadow fell across their pathway.
One of Isabella's cousins in Carolina married a somewhat wealthy man and they arranged to visit their cousin in her new home in Tennessee. The road they were to travel was hilly, or rather mountainous, and unfrequented. At that time the only mode of travel was by horseback. They made their visit, but soon after they set out on their return trip they were murdered and their bodies left lying in the forest. Their saddles were left lying beside them, but they had been robbed and their horses taken. This left a sad memory on the minds of the youthful pioneers. They moved from Tennessee and settled in Madison County, Kentucky.
Samuel Boyd was a large and somewhat corpulent man with a ruddy face and dark hair before it silvered with age. The loss of his left eye was a great deformity to his person as he never tried to conceal the blemish by shades or any kind of glasses. I can't say they were not in use for I think it was just about this time, or earlier, that Goldsmith represents the hopeful son of the vicar of Wakefield as making sale of the family nag and buying a whole gross of green spectacles. My grandfather chose to wear a path of black silk over the empty socket and the last time I sat on his knee and was bearded by his kisses I thought he was awfully sweet but still didn't like the looks of that eye.
Oh I wish we had a cycloramic view of those wounded, starving, bleeding-feeted soldiers marching over the frozen ground bowed down with disaster and defeat, yet willing to die in the last ditch to purchase a land of freedom.
In view of all this, will we surrender our rights as citizens of the great commonwealth and allow our country so dearly bought to be ruled by monopolists and millionaires? Will we allow corruption, fraud, sham and boodle to take place of an honest election? What worse chains could England have forged for us?
The author of my history (Elizabeth Martindale) says that when she was seven years old her parents moved from Madison county, Kentucky, to a place on the Cumberland river called "Horseshoe Bend." After remaining there for a while they moved to Adair county, which was then a wilderness part of Kentucky. Samuel Boyd commenced the work of exhortation and soon became an earnest minister of the Gospel, and what is most worth recording, he made a life correspond to his profession, striving to do unto others as he would have them do unto him.
In the year 1811, Samuel Boyd learned that valuable land had come into market in the territory of Indiana. He disposed of his land and some of his stock and with a wife and nine children left for Indiana where they settled at Jacksonburg. Samuel Boyd died 27 November 1835 at the age of seventy-two years.
When Samuel Boyd moved to Indiana he had five sons. Robert, the youngest was thirteen years old. James, John, William and Samuel were stalwart young men, with the exception of a rheumatic affection which seemed to be a family disease. He also had four daughters. All of them settled on farms in Wayne and Henry counties, Indiana. All but Isabel, the youngest daughter lived and died in those counties. Most are buried at the old Jacksonburg cemetery. When Mrs.Edna Swiggert, of Indianapolis, daughter of John and Caroline Smith, and granddaughter of Abiram Boyd, visits that old burying ground, she can stand by the headstones of three generations of grandfathers.
-Source: Clan Boyd International: Boyds
from the book "Pioneer Life" "Autobiography and Sermons of Elder
Elijah Martindale" also Pioneer History of the Boyd
Family" Belle Stanford, 1892 published in
Indianapolis, Indiana by Carlon and Hollenbeck, Printers. pages 120ff
(Note: Other accounts say Samuel Boyd was born in Cravens Co. South Carolina)
Find out more from the following site:.
Samuel Boyd.—This minister lived and died in Wayne
County, Ind. He died at the age of eighty-one years.
(Noted in Memoirs of Deceased Ministers, E.W. Humphreys, c.1880, p.63). The actual GPS location of the family plot is: 39°51'01.6"N 85°06'27.1"W / or D.d. 39.850450, -85.107533
Jacksonburg Christian Church
Jacksonburg, Indiana
Note Black Boxed In Area At Rear Of Cemetery Is Where The Boyd Plot Is Located
From The Rear Of The Cemetery, Looking North East
Boyd Plot In Foreground
From The Rear Of The Cemetery, Looking South East
Boyd Plot In Foreground
SAM'L BOYD
S.C. MIL.
REV. WAR
Samuel Boyd
Born
May 20, 1763
Died
November 27, 1934
Aged 72 Yrs., 6 Mos.,
and 7 days
Isabella Higgins (Hagans) Boyd
Feb. 13, 1764
Oct. 31, 1852Nellie's Lamby Dryerballs
C$ 31.00 Excl. tax
Nellie’s All-Natural Lamby Wool Dryerballs. Our newest addition to the dryerball family is made of 100% pure New Zealand wool, acting as a soft and silent natural fabric softener.
Product description
Add in a Nellie’s All-Natural Scented Dryerball for a fresh, natural laundry experience..
Lamby Wool Dryerballs are made of 100% pure New Zealand wool.
Reviews Create your own review
0 stars based on 0 reviews Create your own review
Recently viewed
Favoriten Add to cart
Nellie's Lamby Dryerballs
C$ 31.00 Excl. taxWe Never Learned To Live Discuss: The Boileroom & UK Live Music
With Guildford venue the Boileroom facing the possibility of closure, TMMP caught up with David of We Never Learned To Live awesome venue, simple as that! We’ve played there a bunch of times in the last few years and always love it – one of the best on the circuit! We all grew up not far from Guildford so the Boileroom was always a real go-to venue for us growing up too.
How did you feel when you heard about the Boileroom’s current problems?
The first reaction was really just a case of ‘not another one’. Living in Brighton we have seen the same happen to local venues down here and have also had several emails about other venues up and down the country getting shut down or put in jeopardy in the last few months. So it seems to be a worrying trend.
What would happen if the Boileroom were to shut down? What impact would that event have?
The Boileroom is a venue that is really at the heart of the music scene in the area. Other cities have the luxury of having a bunch of different venues that can take anyone from small local acts through to medium size touring bands, so maybe the impact of losing a venue like this would be muted slightly in other areas. But Guildford, on the other hand, really relies on the Boileroom as the only venue of this sort of size in the area.
And it’s not just the size of the venue either, but its history and how long it’s been a part of the scene. Even bands that could probably fill out somewhere larger want to play there as it’s got such a history and been part of the circuit for so long.
I honestly think Guildford would struggle to host certain types of shows if this venue closes. I’ve lived in cities before where suddenly a venue has shut down, or stopped booking certain genres, and it’s surprising how quickly a scene can just completely flatline, in places much bigger than Guildford too. Agents need to fill tours quickly and will just move on to the next city in the area to get a show, which would be a shame.
There are other cool venues in the area but the loss of the Boileroom would leave a massive hole, and I honestly think it will really damage the music scene in the area if it goes, and Guildford would take a long time to recover.
What is your favourite Boileroom-related memory?
My favourite recent memory is watching a band called Flesh Trench put on what can only be described as 30 minutes of utter insanity at a Palm Reader show we were also playing. Think guitarist in a wrestling mask, bassist in drag firing supersoakers filled with booze from the stage while a clown wandered through the crowd giving out shots.
In less surreal circumstances I have also seen the likes of Jamie Lenman and Ed Sheeran play there and smash it. It’s also the venue we first saw and played with Svalbard, Pariso and Stallone all on one intense bill, and fell in love with each of them. So much good music comes through this venue at every level and so many great memories there.
How do you feel about the state of the UK’s live music scene right now? What could be done to improve things?
Despite the issues with the Boileroom and other similar venues, I actually think that on a national level, the UK’s live music scene is great at the moment. There are loads of great venues and promoters putting on shows, and a real feeling of community that really crosses genres too. It seems to be less and less a focus on a ‘hardcore’ scene, or rock scene etc. and just a really non-genre-defined music scene in the area that people are getting involved with. And really that comes down to promoters and venues with an awesome and varied music taste putting on a wide variety of bands and doing it well so people and bands come back. A vast majority of the people involved do this out of love of music, and that really shines through a lot with the people we meet.
I suppose the main thing to improve would be the amount of respect and funding the arts get in general from local and central government. Our first European tour earlier this year was a bit of an eye opener for that…so many promoters and venues on the mainland get a lot of support from their government in the form of grants, or tax breaks or help with venue improvements etc. Even when that’s not the case, local venues are respected and are seen as one of the important parts of the community and that is such a world away from where we are in this country right now where just one person can bring a venue with years of history to its knees.
So in general there are loads of great venues and promoters on this circuit doing an awesome job, but with more funding and support they could do a hell of a lot more.
Is there anything else you’d like to add?
Just that we hope the Boileroom gets through this in one piece and continues to be a great Guildford venue! We won’t be hitting the road for a few months now with album writing well under way, and we sincerely hope that when we next tour it’s still there and we get to go back and play again and again!
Links
We Never Learned To Live on Facebook and Twitter.
Follow TMMP on Twitter for more interviews and awesome music! If you’re a regular reader, thanks for the support! Don’t stop, and keep going!Workplace support with no limits
MV AGUSTA
Interior Design of new Signature Bar and Store
Motorbike Manufacturer MV Agusta was looking to develop an idea of bringing retail and leisure together with a signature bar and retail experience in the centre of London. Working closely with joinery partner Kudos Joinery, we put together a scheme to show what could be achieved in the building footprint.FAQs for the Earth Sytem Science (ESS) Graduate Program
To be eligible for admission students must meet the admissions criteria listed on the UCI Graduate Division Admissions website. Recommended background for the Department of Earth System Science is listed on the Admission section of this site.
Beginning October 1 students can submit an online application through UCI Graduate Division including three letters of recommendation, a statement of purpose, personal history statement, and an English proficiency test for international students.
Submit one unofficial transcript for every post-secondary institution you have attended directly through the graduate application portal.
Scores must be reported directly to UCI from ETS. The UCI institutional code for ETS score reporting is 4859. You do not need to include a department code, the Department of Earth System Science will receive your scores regardless of what department code you enter.
The Earth System Science Ph.D program considers many factors when reviewing graduate applications. These factors include but are not limited to research experience, letters of recommendation, and academic record. GPA is only one component of the review process and cannot solely be used to determine a student’s academic aptitude or likelihood of admission in to a Ph.D. program.
After you complete and pay for your application and Graduate Division processes your application (which can take up to one week), you may check to see if your scores and/or letters of recommendation have been received by using the Application Progress Review.
Students will be assigned a provisional advisor at the time of admission. Students are encouraged to contact prospective faculty advisors about their research interests.
The Department will offer a virtual information session for prospective applicants in late October or early November. To get on the mailing list to learn more about that event, click here. Information about our formal visit day will be sent to invited students directly.
The statement of purpose focuses on your scientific aspirations. It should explain your research interests, long-term career goals, and why you want to pursue the PhD. The personal history statement should focus on your personal background and any challenges or obstacles you may have encountered in your academic journey and how you overcame them.
For the TOEFL, a minimum of 80 is required. For the IELTS, an overall minimum of 7 and no less than 6 on any module is required. Additionally, we prefer to see a speaking score of 26 on the TOEFL or a speaking score of 8 on the IELTS. If you meet the minimum cumulative score, but not the speaking score, you're still encouraged to apply.
Yes, students who are admitted to the Earth System Science Ph.D. program are eligible for a guaranteed offer of on-campus housing. To be eligible for this guarantee students must respond to Housing prior to their deadline at the beginning of May. Please refer to the Graduate & Family Housing website for specific information.
Typically, we are unable to schedule individual department visits for students before they apply. During the application process the department hosts a prospective student visit day and individual visits for invited students, please see above question on visit day for more information.
The Department of Earth System Science does not have a terminal master’s degree program. Emphasis at the graduate level is on the Ph.D. degree; the master’s degree may be awarded to Ph.D. students after fulfillment of the requirements.Software & Apps > Design How to Use Photoshop's Photomerge for More Than Panoramas Create before-and-after comparisons and collages 26, 2021 Tweet Share Email Design Graphic Design Photoshop Animation & Video 3D Design What to Know To create a panorama, comparison, or collage, open Photoshop and select File > Automate > Photomerge. Next, select a layout.Select Browse to search for files or Add Open Files to load open files. In the Photomerge dialog, choose your merge style. Click OK.When the Photomerge process finishes, the images will appear stacked. Click a layer to select it. Select the Move tool to position the images. This article explains how to use the Photoshop Photomerge feature to create panoramas, before-and-after comparisons, or photo collages in Photoshop. Instructions cover Photoshop CC 2019 for Windows and Mac. How to Use Photomerge in Photoshop No matter what you want to create with the Photomerge feature, the process is always the same: Open Photoshop and select File > Automate > Photomerge. Select a Layout on the left side of the Photomerge dialog. The choices are: Auto: Let Photoshop make the decision for you.Perspective: Keep photos in a sequential order.Cylindrical: Make photos look like they were wrapped around a cylinder.Spherical: Make photos look like they were taken with a fisheye lens.Collage: Display photos in various sizes.Reposition: Manually align the layers and match the overlapping content without stretching or skewing. Select Browse to search for the files you want to use, or select Add Open Files to load the files you have open in Photoshop. The files you choose will appear in the list under Source Files. To remove files from the list, click on the file, then select Remove. Select your preferences at the bottom of the Photomerge dialog, then select OK. Blend images together: Find the optimal borders between the images, create seams based on those borders, and color match the images (ideal for panoramas).Vignette removal: Remove lens flares or darkened edges around images.Geometric distortion correction: Compensate for barrel, pincushion, or fisheye distortion.Content-Aware fill transparent areas: Seamlessly fill the transparent areas with similar image content nearby. Some options are not available for all layouts. When the Photomerge process is complete, the images will appear stacked on top of one another in separate layers. Since all of the layers are selected by default, click on the top layer in the Layers palette to select it individually. If the Layers palette isn't visible, select Window > Layers to open it. Select the Move tool and position the images how you want them. Once satisfied, you can save your new image as a PSD file or your preferred image format. If you're using this method to create a photo collage with many images, reduce the pixel dimensions for each image before you begin. Otherwise, you will end up with an enormous image that will be slow toWebsites by Federal
See unirio.br alternatives
view websitePopularity:UNIRIO - Universidade Federal do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
UNIRIO - Universidade Federal do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
See kaefcu.org alternativesChecking | Savings | Loans | Retirement | Kingsville, Texas
Kingsville Area Educators Federal Credit Union (KAEFCU) provides checking and savings accounts, loans and other services in Kingsville, Texas.
See ufma.br alternatives
view websitePopularity:Universidade Federal do Maranhão
A Universidade Federal do Maranhão tem sua origem na antiga Faculdade de Filosofia de São Luís do Maranhão, fundada em 1953, por iniciativa da Academia Maranhense de Letras, da Fundação Paulo Ramos e da Arquidiocese de São Luís.
Federal
in domain names
See federal-mogul.com alternatives
view websitePopularity:Federal-Mogul Corporation
Stockholder Notice. If you have any questions regarding Federal-Mogul’s Rights Offering, please contact Federal-Mogul’s Information Agent, D.F. King & Co, Inc., at 1-800-901-0068 (toll-free)..
See federal-firearms-license.net alternatives
view websitePopularity:FFL License | Guaranteed Federal Firearms License Approval -
FFL License secret that will get your federal firearms license approved when 90% of applicants wont. Obama and Eric Witholder don't want you to see this.
See usa-federal-forms.com alternatives
view websitePopularity:Convert Your Documents into PDF Fillable, Savable, FREE
Fill in any form on your computer, edit, check, save your data
Federal
in titles navyfederal.org alternatives
view websitePopularity:Navy Federal Credit Union | Armed Forces Loans, Insurance, and Banking
Navy Federal is an armed forces bank. Serving the Navy, Army, Marine Corps, Air Force, Coast Guard, Veterans, and DOD
Federal
in descriptions
See isohunt.com alternatives
view websitePopularity:IsoHunt | the BitTorrent & P2P search engine
A United States federal court has permanently shut down …
See nih.gov alternatives
view websitePopularity:National Institutes of Health (NIH)
… Human Services, the NIH is the Federal focal point for health and … usgs.gov alternatives
view websitePopularity:Welcome to the USGS - U.S. Geological Survey
Federal source for science about the Earth, its natural and living resources, natural hazards, and the environment. …On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room,” Representative Gerry Connolly (D-VA) criticized President Trump’s statement on Saudi Arabia and the murder of Washington Post writer Jamal Khashoggi as “one of the most amoral statements any president of the United States has ever uttered.”
Connolly said, .”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
.
Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Claims Northumberland Line project lacks 'wow factor'
New stations planned for the Northumberland Line rail project have been accused of lacking the “wow factor” needed to make the venture a success.
Proposals to return passenger services to the former Ashington, Blyth and Tyne Line are currently being assessed by a government-appointed inspector in a public inquiry.
And while the overall scheme remains popular, some have questioned whether the brains behind it have been ambitious enough.
“I am heartily disappointed in each and every one [of the station designs],” said Cllr Caroline Ball, who represents Northumberland County Council’s (NCC) Ashington Central ward.
“It’s a bus shelter on a stand, but these are supposed to be the regeneration kick starter for the Ashington to Newcastle line and it’s supposed to have a wow factor.
“There is absolutely none of that.
“We haven’t looked at things like retail opportunities – why is that being neglected when this is supposed to be a fantastic scheme to regenerate the area?
“I’m trying to justify the spend [on the scheme] to my residents, but it’s really disappointing.”
The public inquiry is being held in Blyth throughout November, while NCC defends its application for a Transport and Works Act Order (TWAO) needed to authorise track works and allow it to take over land considered essential to the scheme.
So far, planning permission has been granted for new stations at Ashington, Bedlington and Seaton Delaval, as well as changes to the Northumberland Park stop on the Tyne and Wear Metro which will link it to the line.
Further applications have also been submitted for Blyth Bebside and Newsham.
Defending the station designs, representatives of NCC told the inquiry a report on how the new stops could attract jobs and investment was due to be completed next year.
“Fundamentally, we have a railway which has been allowed to decline to standards which are suitable for freight, but not suitable for passenger services,” said Julian Sindall, a director at Cadenza Transport Consulting, acting for the county council.
“In terms of the quality of stations and their lack of ‘wow factor’, we have been fighting all the way to try and get the best possible value we can for the taxpayers’ money.”John Repko receives a plaque recognizing him as a runner-up of the 2020-2021 IDEA Competition from Mic McCrory, Northwest Minnesota Foundation Program Specialist – SBDC and IDEA Competition.
The IDEA Competition has concluded its 2020-2021 season by naming and awarding one overall winner and four runners-up in the annual competition that aims to support northwest Minnesota entrepreneurs in turning their great ideas into great businesses.
For his concept of Rvizion, a collaborative web search product that empowers users with knowledge to build expertise, Repko was named the 2021 Minnesota Cup semifinalist for Northwest Minnesota.
Minnesota Cup is a public-private partnership that supports Minnesota entrepreneurs through an annual competition that connects them with education, mentorship, and support to launch and accelerate their new ventures. With the semifinalist award, Repko, of Bemidji, will have the option of competing in one of the nine divisions for the chance of more than $400,000 in cash prizes while accelerating his businesses plan..
The idea that became Rvizion germinated in 2015 when Repko rescued an old English setter who was diagnosed with advanced cancer. He was told to take her home until she died.
“That’s no way to live,” he said, “so I Googled it and …. invented a treatment therapy for her and saved her. Rvizion was created to build a discovery process that’s available to everyone.”
Repko, who has 30 years’ experience in information technology, said Rvizion is based on the belief that we are all capable of building the knowledge necessary to confront life’s greatest questions and persevere through life’s greatest challenges.
“If you get bad news from your doctor or you rescue a poor old English setter who needs help, or there’s any of the life questions that you don’t know in advance, go to Rvizion – it will help you build knowledge in the area you need and maybe find solutions you didn’t think were out there,” he said.Recent events raise questions as to whether anti-corruption enforcement in Brazil will experience a lasting setback. This webinar will discuss:
• Settle or fight? Pros and cons of seeking leniency and collaboration agreements going forward
• Prospects for anti-corruption enforcement: the view from MPF
• The view from the US: cross-border investigations and the future of multi-jurisdictional cooperation
Speakers:
Bolívar Moura Rocha - Levy & Salomão Advogados
Eduardo El Hage - Federal Prosecutor, State of Rio de Janeiro
Pierpaolo Cruz Bottini - Bottini&Tamasauskas
Nathaniel Edmonds - Paul Hastings, former federal prosecutor (FCPA Unit, DOJ)
Marcos Drummond Malvar - Levy & Salomão Advogados, Moderator
April 29, 12.30pm (BRT)/11.30am (ET).
Register now by clicking here.
Have you ever felt like someone was watching you online? Those shoes you just searched for on Amazon suddenly show up in ads on Facebook. Maybe you start seeing ads on YouTube for a resort you were researching for an upcoming vacation.
The truth is, you are being watched. In fact, marketers have used cookies to track the actions of internet users for years—but that may soon change. Google announced they are ending the use of third-party cookies. As a result, most businesses will have to rely on first-party data for things like ad targeting.
What does that mean for your marketing strategy? It might not be as bad as you think.
Here’s what you need to know about first-party data and how to use it to create targeted paid ads. (Spoiler alert: It might actually be better for your PPC strategy in the long run!)
What Is First-Party Data?
Before we dig into what this change means for your paid ads, let’s talk about the different types of data companies use in marketing.
First-party data is information companies collect from their own sources about their customers. For example, the data from your website tracking tool, your email subscribers, or surveying your audience.
Second-party data is when two or more organizations come together to mutually share their data. Third-party data is collected by one source, often aggregated, and then sold to a third party who has no connection with the original source.
To summarize:
first-party data: data you collect about your customers or site visitorssecond-party data: data you and someone else pool togetherthird-party data: data collected by one party and sold or shared with an unrelated third-party
What Is the Difference Between First-Party Data and Third-Party Data?
Third-party data, the type Google is phasing out, refers to data collected from (as you might have guessed) a third-party, meaning a site or entity without a direct relationship with the original source.
Third-party data is collected, aggregated, and sold to other parties. The problem is the brands buying the data have little idea where it came from.
There are other issues, too. For example, you can buy third-party data, but so can your competitors. That makes it hard to be competitive.
This chart helps illustrate the difference between the different types of data.
Why Is Third-Party Data Being Phased Out?
The main reason third-party data is being phased out is due to major security and privacy issues.
David Temkin, Director of Product Management, Ads Privacy, and Trust at Google, shared,.
Google isn’t the only one phasing out cookies. Firefox stopped using cookies in 2013, and Microsoft made “Do Not Track” their default setting the same year.
In addition to privacy issues, cookies aren’t as accurate as some might think. For example, they can’t always track users across devices.
If you shop on your phone for a pair of shoes but buy them on your laptop, you might still see ads for those shoes on your mobile device—which is terrible for ad spend, as brands waste money targeting users that have already converted.
How Will Using First-Party Data Impact Ad Personalization?
As Google phases out third-party cookies, many brands will begin using first-party data to better personalize ads. What does this mean for your paid marketing strategy?
Don’t worry; you won’t have to rebuild your marketing strategy from scratch. However, there are a few changes you’ll want to pay attention to:
Brands will need to focus on collecting first-party data: If you haven’t been gathering data about your audience, now is the time. Consider hosting contests, using website tracking tools, or sending out surveys to collect more information about your audience. Competitive analysis will get harder: One of the downfalls of third-party data is that you and your competitors are using the exact same targeting data. With the move to away from third-party cookies, it might become harder to understand why your competitors are taking certain actions. Ads may get more personalized: First-party data is data from your actual site visitors and customers, making it easier to create a personalized experience.
Day-to-day, the switch away from third-party data is unlikely to impact the marketing world in a massive way. Most brands will begin to rely on first-party data more; however, Google is also creating what they call a “privacy sandbox” to allow brands to target users without invading their privacy.
Brands that want to succeed shouldn’t rely entirely on Google’s new data plan because there are a ton of advantages to using this type of data?
Advantages of Only Using First-Party Data for Ad Personalization
Why should you consider moving to first-party data rather than relying solely on Google’s privacy sandbox?
For starters, most brands are increasing their reliance on first-party data, which likely means they are seeing positive results. According to Google, 87 percent of APAC brands consider it critical to their marketing efforts.
Let’s look at a few other benefits to consider.
First-Party Data Is More Accurate
First-party data is information you collect about your customers. This makes it more accurate because you know who it is about and where it came from.
Third-party data is sold and sometimes resold, which means brands have no access to the source data and, sometimes, very little idea about where the data is actually from.
Boost Marketing Performance
Some people are really concerned about the end of third-party data, but I’m not. Why? Because first-party data isn’t just more accurate; it’s also much more efficient at driving consumers to take action.
According to a study by Boston Consulting Group, marketers that use first-party data see a lift in marketing efficiency, generating nearly double the revenue from a single ad or placement.
Your Competitors Don’t Have the Same Data
Standing out online sometimes feels impossible. With millions of companies, billions of internet users, and more content being churned out every day, brands that want to stand out face a ton of noise.
With third-party data, you and your competitors can buy the exact same data, which makes it pretty hard to be competitive. However, your competitors don’t have access to the data you collect, making it easier to test new initiatives or uncover opportunities about your own traffic and customers.
You Can Double Down on Personalization
According to Forrester, 89 percent of digital companies invest in marketing personalization. It’s easy to see why when 80 percent of customers report they are more likely to purchase from brands that offer a personalized experience.
Using third-party data for personalization was never a perfect match. You might not know when a customer converts from another device or if the data you’re using is skewed. With first-party data, you can dive into personalization, secure in the knowledge that your data is accurate.
It Is More Standardized
Imagine asking five people to create a puzzle piece. You give them all the same parameters for height, length, and shape. Even with the same directions, each of those pieces isn’t quite going to fit together.
The same thing happens with third-party data. Each platform might gather it just a little bit differently, which can make it almost impossible to pull all that data together. With first-party data, however, you gather the data. This means you can ensure it is standardized and works well with all your tools and systems.
First-Party Data Is Cheaper
Third-party data is purchased from another vendor, which means you are shelling out cash for data that is less efficient, less accurate, and harder to use. First-party data, on the other hand, is information from your own audience.
Which means you don’t have to buy it. You will have to pay a bit to collect and store the data, but it’s likely much cheaper than purchasing the data from another source.
How to Use First-Party Data for Ad Personalization
We’ve covered what first-party data is, why Google is ditching third-party data, and a few of the advantages of using it. How do you actually put first-party data to use? Here’s what you need to know to use this data for ad personalization.
Determine How to Leverage First-Party Data
Before you start collecting data, take the time to figure out how you will use the data to further your marketing goals. How you plan to use the data will impact what type of data you want to collect and how you gather it.
You might use it to:
build brand awareness reduce churn send timely ads drive more qualified leads
For example, if the data will be used to send more personalized email marketing campaigns, you could gather the data through an email survey.
Make a Plan to Gather First-Party Data
Unlike third-party data, you can’t just buy first-party data; you’ll have to gather it yourself. Luckily, there’s no shortage of ways to gather it.
For example, you can collect first-party data from:
website visitor tracking tools like Crazy Egg your mobile appsoffline surveyssocial media channelsuser registration for your website contests
Before making a plan to gather data, think about how you plan the data to personalize your marketing. For example, retargeting ads, personalized product recommendations, or account-based marketing.
Ask Permission to Gather the Data
One of the major issues with third-party data is some web users don’t even realize they’re being tracked. As first-party data becomes more popular (and as privacy laws limit the data we collect about our audiences), it’s important to be transparent about the data you gather.
Ensure your audience clearly understands what data you collect, what you do with it, and how it’s stored. Being transparent about the data you collect and how you use it isn’t just the right thing to do, it’s required by law in some places, like the EU’s GDPR.
Test, Tweak, and Retest
With third-party data, you get what you get. There is no way to change the type of data you collect or adjust how you gather it.
With first-party data, you can test to figure out the best way to collect data by adjusting how you gather it or test and tweak how you use the data by A/B testing ads to see what your audience responds to.
Conclusion
Third-party cookies are coming to an end. What does that mean for marketers? It means it’s time to start leveraging first-party data for personalization. The good news is, it is more accurate and cheaper, and it can even improve marketing efficiency.
The first step to using first-party data is to find a way to collect it through polls, customer surveys, or website tracking tools. Then make a plan for how to use it. If you need help getting it set up, we can help.
Are you planning to use first-party data for ad personalization? What are your marketing goals?
Read more: feedproxy.google.comGet access to everything we publish when you sign up for Outside+.
Amid Covid-related lockdowns and the limiting of guests inside stores, the past year has been difficult for outdoor retail. But one global brand is betting that brick-and-mortar remains a viable channel for moving goods and, perhaps more importantly, engaging consumers.
Thule Group AB, the Swedish maker of a range of car racks, rooftop tents, bags, and other outdoor gear, is opening a brand store in Denver, Colorado, this summer in conjunction with longtime retail partner Rack Attack.
It will be Thule’s first physical store in North America—the company has about a dozen around the world—and the timing speaks not only to the brand’s sales success during the pandemic (read about its most recent quarterly performance here) but its confidence in consumers returning to shop in person.
Fred Clark, president of Thule’s Americas region, has overseen the store’s development—his last major project for the brand. He is retiring in late April, a move he’s been planning for the last two and a half years. (He will be succeeded by Hilary Hartley.)
But before Clark closes his nearly 30-year career with Thule, we wanted to speak with him about the decision to set up shop in Downtown Denver, what the 1,600-square-foot store will offer, what’s next for the brand, and how Thule will measure success with this new retail play.
Why this retail concept, and why now amid the pandemic?
This store gives us a chance to better showcase our sport and cargo products—the traditional categories that most people know us by—but also our active kids’ products, including child bike seats, trailers, joggers, and backpacks. All of these categories are doing well as consumers have been looking to get outside, especially with their families, during the pandemic. It’s been a good time for our product categories and our brand in general.
Did Covid alter or delay this plan at all?
As far as the store itself, it has been delayed because of Covid. Everything is taking a little bit longer, but we’re hoping to be in there by early summer. Looking more broadly, Covid was a huge unknown for the company. At one point, we thought there would be a huge decline in our business because every retailer was shut down. But we’ve gone from projecting declines of 20 to 25 percent to achieving 14 percent growth [companywide] and over 10 percent growth in North America. I think the long-term trends show consumers are going to be more active and do more things outside. That aligns with the product categories we’re in—and with the opening of this store.
Why Denver and why the Basecamp location?
The Denver area is an important one for our business. It’s certainly an epicenter for where people are active and enjoy different activities from the “city to the summit” [a play on the brand’s recent trade show theme]. We also have an office in Longmont with development and design teams for some of our product categories, so we have more resources locally that can help support and learn from the store. As for the new Basecamp location, there will be other outdoor brands in that one area, so it makes that space much more attractive.
Will the store sell only Thule products or other brands as well?
This is just going to be a Thule brand store, where customers can experience the breadth of our entire product portfolio. We have 30 different product categories that we’re in, and this is an opportunity to showcase them all together.
How will you measure success with this venture? Is it purely financial or is there a larger brand awareness campaign that’s critical here?
For us, success is a broader exposure for consumers to our entire portfolio of products in a high-quality experience. This space will be good for our brand even if they experience our products in the Denver store but wind up purchasing at another retail location. We’ll learn from this too—what’s the right way to merchandise, for example. Normally, feedback gets muffled by the time it goes from the retailer to the rep to us. Getting that direct input will be extremely important and helpful.
Are there plans to open more stores?
Our ambition in all of North America is to open a store or two a year. We think that allows us to put the quality of experience and breadth of our products together for more consumers. It’s also an opportunity for us to start talking about our sustainability efforts and our focus on getting more people outdoors. We can also run events such as teaching parents how to be active with their kids, how they can get into jogging with a newborn, or hiking with a child. When the travel market opens up, we can teach people about packing a bike travel bag. This is an opportunity to help educate consumers.What We Do
Our purpose is to provide intellectual forums where Jew and non-Jew come together over common interests: Israel, Her right to The Land, Her people, and the God of Israel. We are devoted to building a bridge between the Judaic and Christian faiths. We are warriors in the fight against anti-Semitism!
Who's Speaking
We hope you enjoy the previews of these speakers, and we look forward to seeing you at the events!
Some of Joel’s books, films, and partnerships include:
Who We Are
Dr. Frank and Alice Lanza
Founders and Board Members
Jesse and Misty Post
President and Secretary, respectively
Ray and Anky Rittenhouse
Board Members
Carolyn Kerr
Board Member
Dianne Lindsey
Board Member
Leigh and Kim Meyers
Board Members
© 2019Wing Man Fun Fun Fun
0+ (All)
Screenshots
Description
At what point do you go from being foolish to completely mad? In Wingman you cross that point!
You might also like
Bubble X SliceInlogic Software
Adventures of Simba 2Mega 8 Games
Rollercoaster RevolutionMega 8 Games
More by Fun Fun Fun
Fruit NinjaFun Fun Fun
Pet ShopFun Fun Fun
Boxing Fighters 3DFun Fun Fun
How Much is a Bedsore Lawsuit Case Worth?August 19th 2021Bedsores are preventable. There is never an excuse for a nursing home resident to suffer from bedsores. Yet it happens daily and all across the United States. In fact, the numbers may shock you. Bedsore injuries can take months to heal, involve tremendous (and needless) pain and suffering and...> MoreOne of the brightest lights at the Island Games has earned his just due reward.
Cavalry FC newcomer Mohamed Farsi was recognized as the Best U21 Canadian Player of the Year at the 2020 Canadian Premier League Awards night held virtually on Nov. 26.
“We are delighted for Mohamed to win this award as he was an exciting addition to our team in 2020,” said Tommy Wheeldon Jr., Cavalry FC head coach and general manager. “He backed it up with some remarkable performances at the Island Games. Many young players get the opportunity, few grab it with both hands like Mo did.
“We look forward to many more moments of magic with him in 2021.”
Farsi made an immediate impact for the Cavs as an attacking full-back, winger, suiting up in all 10 games for the Cavalry at the CPL’s Island Games tournament — the condensed schedule the featured the league’s eight teams in a bubble on Prince Edward Island in the late summer.
The Montreal native contributed a goal and an assist, and was recognized for the Shot of the Year for his screamer of a right-footed strike versus Pacific FC.
HFX Wanderers full-back Chrisnovic N’Sa, who has since signed with York9 FC, and Valour FC centre-back Julian Dunn were the other finalists for the award, given to the player selected to have the best performance and overall attitude on and off the pitch.
“It’s simply work and perseverance,” said Farsi, through a translator on the online awards show. “He didn’t come to Cavalry as a hot-shot in his mind and he put the work into his game and that made the whole difference at the end of the day.”
Prior to joining the Cavalry, Farsi had developed a standout futsal player in La Belle Province.
“The style of play that Cavalry has fits his own game,” Farsi added, again through translation. “He likes to run, he likes to press and that’s how he felt at home.”
In a crowded field of candidates, Forge FC midfielder Kyle Bekker edged out Pacific’s Marco Bustos and HFX Wanderers forward Akeem Garcia to earn the CPL MVP award.
Forge shot-stopper Triston Henry earned the Golden Glove Award as the league’s top goalkeeper while Garcia walked away as the Golden Boot winner with a CPL-best six tallies at the Island Games.
Also earning league acclaim was long-time Canadian skipper Stephen Hart, the HFX Wanderers bench boss, who was named the CPL’s Coach of the Year.
For more information on the CPL awards go to canpl.ca.
Read more from OkotoksToday.caHousing
Adopt a Youth Or Host a Food Drive
For any questions or to connect with our 360°kids Community Giving Associate.
Marisa RobinsCommunity Giving Associate tel: 416-528-1527 [email protected]
Ways to Donate
COVID-19 has not only increased our need for support, but also limited the way we can accept donations this year. Please read through this page for ways you can donate.
Adopt a Youth
Let a youth know that they matter. Fulfill their holiday wish list by way of prepaid gift cards.Match With a Youth
Food Drive
Host a food drive at your work or school and drop off your donation.Schedule a Drop Off
Adopt a Youth
360°kids has over 50 youth living with us in our housing programs at any given time. You or your organization can “adopt” one or more of the youth in our Connections, STAY, Transitions and HOPE Programs by sponsoring them. Due to COVID-19, this means fulfilling their wish list by way of prepaid Amazon or Walmart gift cards.
We ask that you fill out our adopt a youth form and one of our 360°kids team members will contact you with further details on how to mail or drop off your gift cards to our 360°kids head office.
Many of our youth will be estranged from their families this year, which makes it a very lonely time for them. Your gift will let them know they matter.
Adopt a Youth Today
Food Drive
As a way to adhere to our COVID-19 donation guidelines and to help keep youth, staff and our community members safe we have created a scheduled drop off system. You or your organization can select a date to drop -off at our Richmond Hill Hub from our calendar, connect with our 360°kids staff to coordinate the quantity and size of the donation and then you can drop off your items on your assigned date.
We know this is not the usual way we like to interact with our supporters, and when the time comes, we will safely open our doors fully once again. In the meantime, we will make sure your contribution goes a long way in supporting youth in crisis. It is because of you that we can ensure all of the youth accessing our programs are getting the support they need.
Donations We’re Accepting
If you are interested in facilitating a food drive, please see our Program Wish List for items that our various programs have outlined as a current need.
If you notice that an item you would like to donate is not on our Program Wish List, it could mean that we are unable to accept it at this time. We also unfortunately have to restrict the quantity of items we are accepting with each donation.
Schedule Your Drop-Off
Due to social distancing rules, we are only allowing scheduled drop-offs.
- Choose a date for your drop-off in the calendar.
- For the safety of yourself and others, please ensure that you are dropping off all food drive donations at your scheduled drop off date and location.
- Please ensure you arrive wearing a face mask or face covering.
- We also kindly ask that you collect items outlined on our Program Wish List and respect the quantity and size restrictions for donated food items.
- If the date you would like is unavailable or you would like to drop off items to another 360°kids location, please email [email protected]
Q. Are you accepting donated items?
A: Yes, we are able to accept brand new with tags, unused items however we ask that those interested in donating at this time review our current Program Wish List.
Q. When and how can we drop off our donation?
A: At this time 360°kids can only accommodate donations from two groups a day, per location (we currently have 3 drop off locations in York Region).
We will accept donations weekdays between the hours of 2PM -4PM. Information on scheduling a drop off will be provided after booking your appointment on our calendar.
Q. What COVID-19 safety measures is 360°kids taking with donation drop offs?
A: In order to create a safe environment for youth, staff and community members during this time, all parties involved in donation drop offs must wear a mask at the time of drop offs.
We ask that if you or a member of your team are experiencing covid-19 symptoms that you please reschedule your drop off for another day.
Q. What happens if the scheduled date I would like is already requested?
A: Unfortunately due to the COVID-19 measures our organization is adhering to, we are unable to allow multiple drop offs a day at the same location. If you find that the date you would like to select is already taken, we ask that you select another date on our drop off calendar or another drop off location if they have availability.
Q. Do you offer transportation for large item donations?
A: When it comes to large donations– Please note that we do not have in-house transportation available at this time. We would greatly appreciate it if donors are able to provide transportation to their designated drop off location.
Q. Will I get a tax receipt for my donated items?
A: We will gladly provide a charitable tax receipt for donations of new items with a receipt of purchase. Unfortunately we are unable to accept donations of used items and are also unable to issue a tax receipt without a purchase receipt.We’re on the Autoroute heading for our country B&B near Avignon. This year, for the first time, we notice that many of the gas stations along the motorway feature wi-fi, or in French, “wee fee.” How cool is this! Fill up with some insanely expensive diesel and get free internet access along with your $3 […]
Stopover on the way to France
We stopped on Saturday in the interesting old university town of Tuebingen, near Stuttgart. The editor of “German Life” magazine had asked me to take several photographs of the town to support an article in an upcoming issue. I’d been in Tuebingen about a month ago but got shut down by rain. Today, no rain […]
Jenean goes to Hell
There’s this great little pub and restaurant where we like to go with our guests or just the two of us. The place has a unique name, ‘Hell.’ This comes from the time when towns did not have street names but rather, district names. Any place where it was always dark and gloomy was considered […]
Vielen Dank Mark Schmidt!
Our good friend Mark Schmidt, the same person we have purchased our last three company vehicles from, offered us a ‘test drive’ today in a new VW Beetle convertable. I couldn’t say ‘yes’ fast enough. Jenean, newly arrived from America, poses with the skyline of Rothenburg in the background.
Trier, Germany's Oldest City
The […]
Over a Barrel with this Quiz
My Volkswagen diesel van takes a little oil from time to time. This is normal for a high performance rig like the one we drive around Europe. Sometimes I have to buy a liter (a little less than a quart) of oil at a gas station. It costs a fraction more than at the dealer […]
Tale from the Past No. 1
From […]
The Backroads are the Best
I […]- Appeal of visual media
- Need for discernment
- Content problems
- Scriptural principles
- Taking responsibility
Jeff and Jennifer want to do something together on a Friday evening. The two committed Christians decide to go see a movie. They open the entertainment section of the newspaper to check the offerings.
Jennifer is attracted to a movie she saw advertised on TV; Jeff points to a second movie his friends call “excellent;” they read the recommendation of a third by a movie critic. Beside each of the three movies they notice warnings for various combinations of graphic violence, coarse language or sexual situations.
What sort of discernment should Jeff and Jennifer exercise in their viewing? Can a choice of movie have an influence on their faith and life? Could they be more helpful to each other in making decisions? Does it matter?
Appeal of visual media
Every day influential images offer to enter our worlds through the gateway of the eye. Visual entertainment – by means of film, television and video – makes a highly persuasive appeal. The appeal needs a careful response from Christians who are concerned about its influence on their own lives, their families, their churches and their society.
In the past century the technologies offering visual entertainment have been heading toward a greater personal choice. At the same time, accountability structures and community controls have been weakening. This means that responsibility to make good viewing choices has grown. And it suggests that Christians need to develop good filtering mechanisms to help each other discern.
The attraction of movies and television is easy to understand. They bring a lot of enjoyment into our lives. These media can picture situations of great variety and give viewers the sense that they are “right there.” Comedy, adventure, suspense, tragedy, romance – all are portrayed in fascinating ways. The best productions of classic stories, for example, show us how good these media sometimes are or could be. Their amazing capacities to make what is imaginary seem real, and the growing skill of directors, producers and technicians to entertain people visually, have made movies and television a powerful force within our culture.
Need for discernment
But every technology is both a blessing and a burden. The same media that can tell a good story well can make illusion and falsehood seem true. Movies and television can make immorality appear beautiful, violence appear right, revenge appear sweet. In the hands of people who do not share a biblical vision of living life under God, movies and television can become a pervasive source of falsehood and negative moral influence.
Visual technologies and their corresponding viewing patterns have been changing at a bewildering pace. When movie theaters opened earlier this century, it was easy to keep their influence at arm’s length. Viewing movies required a deliberate trip to the theater. But when television was developed, and more and more families took it into their homes as a permanent – and sometimes central – piece of furniture, the influence of visual media became more difficult to control.
For some decades network television seemed to observe certain limits on moral content. But then cable systems and satellite technology introduced viewing options which no longer depended on social approval or control but simply on personal preference. With the introduction of the VCR, movies which had once been out of bounds because they were shown in a theater were now available for home viewing in an apparently harmless format. And along with the ‘classics’ of the past came a selection of R-rated and X-rated material which had until then been available only on the sleazy side of town, if at all.
Advances in technology have taken away the accountability once built into the earlier stages of visual entertainment. The rapid development of Internet access suggests that the future will put even greater responsibility for good choices on individuals, families and Christian communities.
Content problems
A major problem area for Christians is the glorification of extra-marital sex in movies and television. Another concern is the repeated recommendation of violence as a way to solve problems.
Quentin J. Schultze suggests that materialism is by far the biggest moral problem with television: “Dramatic shows, comedies, sports and commercials all preach worldly success and idolize consumption.” Movie critic Michael Medved also finds a sustained attack on religious faith coming out of Hollywood.
Nor is content the only concern with visual entertainment. Malcolm Muggeridge concluded, after several decades of broadcasting experience, that the effect of the media at all levels is to draw people away from reality, which means away from Christ and into fantasy. Many others have noted how media which started out as diversions or attractions have ended up as obsessions. Movies and television have become a rival source of teaching in competition with not only traditional social institutions but with Jesus himself. Neil Postman, the media critic, notes that the emphasis of these media on image over printed word tends to trivialize their treatment of important subjects such as politics, education and religion. He finds them unable to communicate ideas well or to stimulate public discourse.
Scriptural principles
God’s Word and the Christian community can help us make good viewing choices. Although the New Testament was written at a time when these modern media of visual entertainment did not exist, from its pages we can learn some key principles.
1. Pictures and images involve our eyes in a serious moral process. Jesus said that if a man looks lustfully at a woman, he commits adultery with her in his heart. He said that the eye itself plays a part in the sin (Matt. 5:27-29). Much of what is available in visual entertainment – including primetime network TV – not only presents women and men to the eye for lustful viewing, but invites the lustful look. Is this something to take lightly? Did Jesus take it lightly?
2. There is a line which separates God-given desire from sinful craving. Our lives are greatly enriched through viewing the universe which God has created. But much of what people crave, and what 1 John calls the “desires of their eyes,” comes from a world in rebellion against God. A love for these things is mutually exclusive from a love for God (1 John 2:15-17). God has given us much to enjoy. We need to sense when we are crossing the line into sinful desires.
3. Our thoughts are the seedbed for our actions. Temptation begins in the depths of the human heart. Each person is enticed by their own evil desire. “Then, when desire has conceived, it gives birth to sin; and sin when it is full-grown, gives birth to death” (James 1:15). There is a progression within our thought world, and people who nurture their imagination with images of degradation will experience a desensitization that can eventually bring great harm both to themselves and others when they begin to act out what they are thinking.
4. Evil content cannot help us grow in discipleship. Living as “children of light” has practical implications. We seek to be “made new” in the attitude of our minds, and to put on a “new self” which God has given us at our conversion. Paul writes that this means giving up unwholesome talk, obscenity, foolish talk or coarse joking. Also, “among you there must not be even a hint of sexual immorality, or of any kind of impurity, or of greed, because these are improper for God’s holy people” (Eph. 4:29-5:16). This is a clear encouragement not to let visual media fill our minds with these things.
5. We live in tension with the culture around us. We need to keep in touch with our culture because this is the setting of our relationships with people and our service to God. But we cannot simply conform to society’s patterns of behavior. Rather, we critique our culture from a gospel perspective. Serious media presentations often address issues which are important in our society. We can learn from these without losing a sense of the tension between gospel and culture.
Taking responsibility
In view of these and other principles from Scripture, what can Christians do in a society where viewing options are increasing rapidly and accountability structures appear to be fading?
1. Take full responsibility for viewing choices. Frank E. Gaebelein once said in relation to contemporary literature, “As a Christian I am responsible for the furniture of my mind.” This responsibility must increase with visual entertainment – which offers unforgettable images of the details which literature merely describes. Christians are free to follow a higher standard.
2. Choose the best, leave the rest. There are indeed many viewing options which are thoroughly enjoyable, and some which are helpful and uplifting. We should be quick to commend whatever is true, pure and praiseworthy. But is “video grazing” an option for Christians? Are we under compulsion to view what is not helpful? Our goal should be to “test everything. Hold on to the good. Avoid every kind of evil.”
3. Speak truthfully and accurately. Is it responsible to describe films and TV programs which contain gratuitous violence, obscene language or recommendations of immorality as ‘good’ or ‘excellent’? We can acknowledge impressive special effects, good acting, or skillful scriptwriting without giving blanket recommendations. We can also develop the habit of saving our highest praise for material which will truly enrich fellow Christians.
4. Discuss and evaluate. Within family or small group settings, we can discuss what we are watching and evaluate the values presented. What is real, and what is illusion? What is true and what is false? Take advantage of Christian movie guides. Be open to the counsel of fellow Christians. Are we willing to let other Christians influence our viewing habits?
5. Set a limit on time use. The needs of families and churches for the time of ordinary Christians is not decreasing. Nor is there less need for time spent in Bible reading, devotions or prayer. Why should time spent with visual media be increasing? We should not give more time to visual entertainment than is healthy for our spiritual lives or relationships.
6. Ask the Holy Spirit for help. None of us by ourselves is able to resist the temptations with which our evil desires entice us. Neither are we able to make good viewing choices consistently without God’s help. But we are not alone. We are a part of the body of Christ. And the Holy Spirit dwells among us to guide us toward the good and to give us the power to pursue it.
For additional reading:
- Medved, Michael. Hollywood vs. America. New York: HarperCollins, 1992.
- Muggeridge, Malcolm. Christ and the Media. London: Hodder and Stoughton, 1977.
- Perrotta, Kevin. Taming the TV Habit. Ann Arbor, Michigan: Servant, 1982.
- Postman, Neil. Amusing Ourselves to Death. New York: Viking, 1984.
- Schultze, Quentin J. Redeeming Television. Downers Grove, Illinois: InterVarsity, 1992.
Written by Gordon Nickel, a longtime student of the culture and of the interaction of Christians with it. After years abroad in missions, he now teaches at Bethany Bible Institute, Hepburn, Sask.Why are Black children removed from homes at high rate? L.A. County plans ‘blind removal’ pilot
America’s largest child welfare system will soon test whether race, ethnicity or neighborhood can influence social workers’ decisions to remove children from their homes.
The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors voted Tuesday to support a pilot project that tests “blind removal,” first tried in Nassau County, N.Y.
Social workers typically have access to an array of information, including a family’s race, when making the difficult decision to place a child in foster care or with a relative.
Five years after race and related factors were eliminated from removal deliberations in Nassau County, 21% of children in foster care were Black, compared with 57% before blind removal.
After seeing those results, the New York state officials announced in October that they would implement blind removal statewide.
“For decades, Black and brown children have been substantially overrepresented in L.A. County’s child welfare system, and it’s past time for us to change that,” said Supervisor Holly Mitchell, author of Tuesday’s motion..
In 2020, three quarters of children removed from their homes in L.A. County were Latino or Black, according to the motion, which did not provide population versus removal percentages for Latino children.
In L.A. County, the biggest reason that children are removed from their homes is neglect, according to the agency, followed by “other” factors including caretaker absence, relinquishment and exploitation. The third most common reason is physical abuse.
In her motion, Mitchell said that although the DCFS has a “well-meaning and diverse workforce,” any social worker could make a decision based on implicit bias, not realizing they view parents who are Black or low-income as less fit.
Other factors that could account for the disproportionate number of Black children in foster care include pervasive poverty, inequitable education and employment opportunities, and hypersurveillance of Black families, according to some experts and parents.
Mitchell pointed out the differences between L.A. and Nassau counties, including size and racial diversity.
“Yet the similarities for children in foster care are many,” she wrote.
Jessica Pryce , director of the Florida Institute for Child Welfare, published a case study on the Nassau County program and has since spoken to dozens of child advocates and leaders from across the country.
Blind removal typically kicks in at a meeting involving social workers and supervisors who collectively decide what to do about a child.
Race and related factors are redacted from files and are not a part of those deliberations.
Pryce, an assistant professor at Florida State University, said a common concern is that blind removal is too small of a solution and won’t transform the system.
“When people ask the question ‘Is it enough?’ my short answer is ‘No,’ but it’s something we can use right now as we’re building other parts of a future system,” Pryce said.
David Green, president of Service Employees International Union Local 721, which represents thousands of L.A. County DCSF workers, said he supports the idea and hopes his organization’s members can be involved in changing the system.
Because the concept has been tried only in much smaller communities, L.A. County’s pilot program could serve as an important source of data, said Green, who is a DCFS social worker.
“We’re the largest child welfare [system] in the United States,” Green said. “What better place to look at ways to address [racial disparity], respond to it and make sure we’re moving in the right direction?”
The county will work with UCLA‘s Pritzker Center for Strengthening Children and Families to pilot blind removals at one regional DCFS office.
Center director Tyrone Howard, a UCLA education professor, said the office has not yet been chosen.
Removing children from their homes causes major trauma, separating them from siblings, neighborhood and school — sometimes more trauma than the problems that led to the removal, Howard said.
But in some cases, keeping a child in a home can be a fatal mistake.
In recent years, 10-year-old Anthony Avalos, 8-year-old Gabriel Fernandez and 4-year-old Noah Cuatro were left with abusive parents and killed even after DCFS was alerted multiple times.
The pilot project aims to provide clarity on whether bias, unconscious or conscious, is a factor in some removals, he said.
“Race should not matter, but when you see the gross racial disproportionality we have in L.A. County, it causes us to ask the question, is race a variable that seems to weigh heavily on the types of decisions being made?” Howard asked. “We don’t know the answer, and that’s why we want to do the research.”
The view from Sacramento
For reporting and exclusive analysis from bureau chief John Myers, get our California Politics newsletter.
You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.Have you heard how painful ear infections are? When fluid builds up and infects a baby’s ear, the baby may tug their ears in pain, or fuss and cry more than usual. Not all children are so demonstrative, so be on the lookout for the following signs of an ear infection:
- Drainage of fluid from the ear
- Difficulty hearing or responding to sounds
- Loss of balance
- Fever of 100 degrees or higher
- Difficulty sleeping
- Loss of appetite
- Vomiting or diarrhea
“Ear infections are extremely unpleasant for babies and need to be treated right away,” says Joy L. LeDoux-Johnson, MD, internal medicine physician and pediatrician at Saint Francis Medical Center. “If you suspect an ear infection, don’t delay in seeking medical treatment.”One of the events we try to hold each year is Rikyuki, the memorial tea gathering for Sen no Rikyu.
It has become our tradition to begin with hanayose, a group form where each participant arranges the flowers in a different vase. We squeezed in room for nine people this year, still not enough for everyone but it’s a nice way to get a lot of people involved.
Next Ula and Damian made the fire using the sumi shomo form.
Once the fire was burning Aaron made an offering of tea that was placed in the tokonoma.
Everyone left the tearoom to enjoy a bite of food and then have the yomogimochi sweet that Monika had prepared.
Once back in the tearoom everyone shared both thick and thin tea.
To wrap up the day a simple kagetsu was carried out.
It’s was a great pleasure to herald in the Spring as well as remember the father of our modern wabi tea practice. We wish that everyone can enjoy the warming season and the company of friends and family.
Thank you for sharing the beautiful pictures!- 3 Bedrooms
- 1 Bathrooms
- Video tour
- Calculators
- walkscore
Description
See addenda for all the improvements! Charming and renovated 3 bedroom townhouse with parking. Originally a 4 bedroom, this large model also offers hardwood flooring, spacious and workable kitchen fully finished basement, a sunfilled living room with access to a surprisingly private terrace with view on green. Quick occupancy
Improvement list for 392 Andras DDO. Home improvements Main entry porcelain Tile running from main door to stairs leading to open concept area. Power room Porcelain Tile on walls and floor undated sink and toilet Dining room Built in cabinet, hard wood maple floors updated lighting. Kitchen Custom cabinets, built in microwave vent, under cabinet lighting quarts countertop, subway Tile back splash, stainless steel sink with a garburator, recessed lighting, island with butcher block, recycling, waste bin and 3 drawers for additional storage, maple flooring continued from dining area. Living room Maple flooring continued, porcelain tile at patio door, lighting updated. Stairs and railings Maple staircase with maple and rod iron spindles. Second floor Converted 4 bedroom to 3 bedroom With laminate flooring and updated lighting. Main bathroom Heated flooring, tub removed replaced with a glassed walk-in shower, glass sink with wood vanity and a built in wood cabinet, updated toilet and lighting. Basement Finished basement with 2 rooms with wood stairs, Family room newly renovated, recessed lightning, laminate flooring with appropriate underlay, Laundry/work room, led lighting, work bench, storage shelves, under stair storage area, laminate flooring newly installed hot water heater and dryer vent. Back yard Wood deck installed surrounded by mature trees and garden area. Other general improvements Walls removed main floor layout modified. All windows and patio door, front screen door replaced, front door refinished. Home newly repainted. All plumbing replaced to the main drain. All drywall replaced. Wall and roof insulation redone. Wiring replaced with cooper, all aluminum wiring removed, new electrical panel installed.
Inclusions :
Exclusions : shedAEW Rampage Results for November 5, 2021
Tonight’s AEW RAMPAGE emanated from the Chaifetz Arena in St. Louis, MO. Our commentary team was “Absolute” Ricky Starks, “The Human Suplex Machine” Taz, and Excalibur. Results and recap courtesy of.
“The American Dragon” Bryan Danielson vs. Anthony Bowens of The Acclaimed (with Max Caster)!
Danielson is ranked #3 in the Men’s Singles Division and The Acclaimed are ranked #4 in the Tag Team Division.
Bowens had an early strong start with two arm drags on Danielson. Bowens transitioned out of a wrist lock from Danielson and rolled him up with a crucifix but couldn’t keep Danielson down.
Bowens used a series of kicks on Bryan, but Bryan fired back with a high round kick! Bryan chopped away at Bowens and followed up with a kick in the corner. Bowens rallied back with forearms and tried for a vertical suplex, but Danielson used a knee strike to escape. Danielson kicked Bowens across the spine.
Danielson tried for a running kick from the apron but Bowens countered and flattened Danielson. Max Caster got a quick cheap shot in. Back in the ring, Bowens was in control, dropping elbows on Bryan.
Danielson ducked a clothesline and returned with a big hammer shot on Bowens! Bryan blasted Bowens with kicks and Bowens crumbled. Danielson missed a charging high boot in the corner and Bowens took advantage with his DDT move “The Arrival”.
Danielson backdropped Bowens over the top rope onto Caster! Danielson rocketed off the ring post onto Bowens. He followed up with a missile drop kick!
“Bowens might be ripe for the picking,” said Taz.
Danielson grabbed Bowens’ arms and began stomping on his head. Danielson sunk in the LeBell Lock and Bowens had no choice but to submit!
CM Punk and Eddie Kingston came face-to-face!
CM Punk: “I’m supposed to go face-to-face with Eddie Kingston. So I’d like to invite him out to my ring.”
Kingston’s music began to play, and then stopped, and there with no Eddie in sight.
Kingston finally came out. “You want an apology? Answer me when I talk to you. You don’t like that?”
Punk: “You interrupted me.”
Kingston: “Yes, I interrupted the great CM Punk. Oh, God. I’m sorry the fans didn’t get Punk against Orange Cassidy but I was at home getting tested because I felt sick. I’m gonna tell everyone the truth who you are. This man was once a hero of mine. Guys like him, Samoa Joe, Homicide, Amazing Red, guys like that on the independents like that inspired me. But you low life, you judged me.
“I came to that locker room and all you did was judge me. Because I didn’t become friends with the booker? Because I like to eat?”
CM Punk: “I hear a lot of baggage right there. It wasn’t just me who judged you. It was me, it was Joe, it was Homicide, it was Danielson, but we judged you because we held you to a higher standard. You’re the one who fell short of that mark.
“You can blame a guy like Danielson for beating you in the tournament and you can walk in the back and blame me. I’m the one who saw greatness in you 15 years ago but I’m a fool for holding you to that standard now because you’re a bum.”
Kingston: “I’m a bum? Nobody wants you here. That whole locker room is afraid to say it. Not me. Stop smirking like you did the other day at me or I’ll smack it off your face. Why don’t you fight me on the 13th at FULL GEAR?”
CM Punk: “Fight Eddie Kingston at FULL GEAR? Eddie, again, FULL GEAR, a little bit high bar for you. I was thinking ELEVATION or DARK, something more your speed.”
Kingston: “You’re a coward. Fight me. Fight me. Fight me. Fight me. Fight me at FULL GEAR.”
CM Punk: “I’ll see you on the 13th at FULL GEAR.”
Kingston: “I don’t care about winning at FULL GEAR. I care about beating you so you quit again and—”
Punk heard enough and hit Kingston with a head butt! CM Punk and Kingston began to brawl. The locker room emptied and AEW Officials had to try to separate Punk and Kingston!
Backstage Tony Schiavone interviewed Christian Cage and Jurassic Express! Christian Cage, Jungle Boy, and Luchasaurus challenged The SuperKliq to a falls-count-anywhere match at FULL GEAR!
TBS Women’s Championship Tournament First Round Match!
The Bunny vs. Red Velvet!
Red Velvet charged at The Bunny and pounded her with body shots! She followed up with a leg lariat! The Bunny rolled to the outside of the ring to try to stop Red Velvet’s momentum. Red Velvet hit a clothesline on The Bunny.
Jade Cargill was watching from ringside with “Smart” Mark Sterling.
The Bunny grabbed Red Velvet as Red Velvet was jaw-jacking with Jade. The Bunny rammed Red Velvet into the metal ring steps!
Red Velvet and The Bunny traded strikes in the center of the ring. Red Velvet nailed The Bunny with a stunner! The Bunny avoided a kick from Red Velvet and used a Death Valley Driver on Red Velvet. The Bunny rocked Red Velvet with a thrust kick.
Red Velvet managed to spike The Bunny with the Final Slice and pinned The Bunny!
Jade Cargill stood up but “Smart” Mark Sterling held her back, insisting she wait for their match in the tournament.
Main Event Time!
The Dark Order’s John Silver vs. The Elite’s Adam Cole #BayBay (with The Young Bucks—Nick & Matt Jackson)!
Cole blasted Silver with a pump kick! Silver lifted Cole and dropped him across the top rope! Silver hurled Cole halfway across the ring…twice!
Cole fired back with a pump kick. Cole hit a snap mare on Silver onto the ring apron! Cole locked Silver in the camel clutch on the arena floor.
Silver and Cole traded strikes in the center of the ring. Silver used a Liger Bomb on Cole for a near fall!
“Adam Cole is finding out first-hand how tough Silver is,” said Excalibur.
Adam Cole survived an impressive offensive sequence from Silver. Cole was about to hit the running knee on Silver but Silver countered with a massive lariat! Silver used his own running knee on Cole! Matt Jackson pulled Cole closer to the ropes so he could stop the pin!
The Dark Order ran out and brawled with the Bucks!
John Silver finally got the Liger Bomb on Cole and Cole kicked out! Cole went for the Panama Sunrise but Silver countered! Adam Cole hit back with two superkicks and the running knee to finally pin Silver!
Don’t miss AEW RAMPAGE next Friday at 10/9c on TNT!
Be sure to tune in next Wednesday to AEW DYNAMITE live on TNT from the Indiana Farmers Coliseum in Indianapolis, IN!
And remember…the home of professional wrestling is All Elite Wrestling!
>2012-12-01: #30dayscomics Week 4/end
Here are the last bunch of comics for this month for the 22nd through the 30th. A bit more than nine as I did two comics on quite a few of these days. I stayed into making all white (or white-ish) comics by the end there.Finding the right candidate is hard but having a poor interview process will make it harder and a poor process could possibly land you in legal hot water. Are you asking the right questions? Do you have the right people interviewing the candidate? Are you asking questions that are illegal?
Ever changing laws and regulations can make interviewing a difficult process. Get the knowledge you need and the compliance information required to keep you and your business moving in the right direction. Our courses on interviewing help HR professionals, business owners and professionals who are doing hiring and recruiting.
Interviewing Courses Online
Many of our interviewing courses are held online. You can take them either live or ondemand. Our interviewing live webinars are a great way to take a course online with a faculty live online to help answer immediate questions. Live webinars also utilize live polling and interactions. Our interviewing courses held in ondemand format are designed to provide the attendee the same content as a live webinar with the added benefits of being able to take course at the convenience of the attendee. Ondemand webinars can be stopped, started and viewed from multiple devices.
Interview Courses You May Be Interested In:
- Structuring Your Interview Process for Success - Learn how to structure and organize the interviewing process and avoid bias. Help fill vacancies with the right candidates
- Use Group Interviews to Predict Job Success - Having a single person do an interview can sometimes lead to a single minded bias of interviews. Learn how a group can help provide a more robust approach to picking the best candidates.
- Effective Exit Interviews - When done correctly, exit interviewing candidates can help your company reduce turnover by learning why people are leaving.
- Dangerous Interview Questions: What Will Keep You out of (Or Open You Up To) Litigation - Defending costly lawsuits was not your intention when trying to find the right candidate. Find out which questions will put you in hot water.
Continuing Education Credits
Our interviewing courses are often approved for continuing education credits. Check each courses for which credits are approved. Lorman is an approved provider of SHRM, HRCI, CLE, CPE and many other continuing education credits that will help keep you certified or up to date on you license.
Interviewing Compliance Training Courses Courses
Dominant Czech electricity producer CEZ a.s. will close all three remaining units of its coal-fired Detmarovice power plant, with a total capacity of 600 MW, by the end of the 2022-2023 heating season at the latest, the company said in a statement on April 6. The three units in the eastern Moravian region, mostly using locally mined hard coal, could close at the earliest by the end of 2022, CEZ said. A fourth unit with a capacity of 200 MW was shut down in 2020.
It previously tried to sell the Detmarovice plant, its only facility using hard coal, but eventually decided to spin it off into an independent unit with financial accounts separated off from the rest of the power group.
CEZ has already announced long-term plans to close most of its coal-fired capacity, which mostly uses lignite sources from its own mining company, by 2040, with the exception of its 660-MW Ledvice power plant. The Czech government still has to give final approval to the recommendation of a government-appointed coal commission calling for all coal-fired power generation to be phased out by 2038.
CEZ’s next coal-fired unit due to close is the 500-MW Melnik III unit, around 60 kilometers north of Prague, which the company said in March is likely to close mid-August this year. CEZ added at the same time that its carbon footprint is expected to be reduced by 12% in 2021 after a 10% reduction in 2020.Jobs in London (East), London (Greater)
To get your perfect job in London (East), London (Greater) sent to you the day it's posted, sign up for our job alert service.
Found 12.
-
Case Worker (Aspire Higher)
Could you work with young people within PRU’s and prepare the young person to progress to further education/college, employment or apprenticeships?
School Home Support Practitioner
Can you get children and young people back into school ready to learn, whatever it takes?
Fundraising Assistant (Trusts & Foundations)
A fantastic opportunity for a talented individual looking to grow into a fundraising career.
Head of Finance and Operations
We are looking for a highly skilled, enthusiastic finance professional to lead our finance and operations function as part of a friendly dynamic team.
Senior Research & Development Manager
We are looking for someone to lead on key programmes of research and evaluation work and be accountable for its quality delivery.
Support Service Manager
An exciting opportunity to join a small, dynamic charity to help lead the provision of support to all affected by the rare eye cancer, retinoblastoma.
Corporate Partnership Fundraiser
The Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) is looking for an experienced Corporate fundraiser who will join us on a full-time 23 months' basis.The B.C. Securities Commission is alleging a Vancouver marketing company was not entirely upfront about its promotion of five junior issuers.
The commission has set a notice of hearing for marketing for B.C.-registered Stock Social Inc. as well as five B.C.-based companies.
The commission stated in its notice that Stock Social failed to ensure its promotional materials, disseminated on various websites and social media platforms, “clearly and conspicuously disclosed” that they were paid for by the issuing companies.
Only some of the advertorials had small print disclaimers advising that the companies paid a fee, however the disclaimers were not clear and conspicuous, the commission alleges. As such, this would be a violation of the B.C. Securities Act, should a commission panel agree with the administrative allegations alleged by the commission’s executive director Peter Brady.
The five companies and their officials facing he hearing alongside Stock Social and its CEO and sole director Kyle Alexander Johnston (of West Vancouver) are: Bearing Lithium Corp. and president and CEO Jeremy Arthur William Porrier (of North Vancouver); Hello Pal International Inc. and corporate communications officer Ryan James Johnson (of North Vancouver); ImagineAR Inc. and consultant Chad David McMillan (of Vancouver); MGX Minerals Inc. and president and CEO Jared Michael Lazerson (of Vancouver); and Phivida Holdings Inc. and president and CEO John-David Alexander Belfontaine.
Hello Pal, ImagineAR, Phivida and MGX are listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange while Bearing is listed on the TSXV. None have notable operations or revenue.
These are administrative charges and if found to have committed misconduct by a panel of commissioners, the companies and officials could be fined and/or face sanctions.Product Description:
A 1,000mg Serving of Goodness
A 1000mg serving provides you with all of the many benefits of Krill Oil. Its cardiovascular, brain, eye, mood, joint and women’s health benefits make it a popular supplement for many people.
Certified Sustainable!
Our Krill Oil is certified sustainable and uses only eco-friendly harvesting practices by ensuring other marine animals are not harmed in the collection process. We also follow strict harvesting guidelines to ensure a healthy Krill population for generations to come.
Discover what krill oil supplements SHOULD be like! Make today the start of a healthier you or grab one for a family member. Click “Add to Cart” now!”
OMEGA 3 KRILL OIL BENEFITS: Is your supplement routine starting to feel like a small meal with the array of capsules that address specific conditions? Omega 3 hea.
KRILL OIL VS.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Welcome to Global USA!
Global USA is the central international office for the University of South Alabama. This division supports the University's Strategic Priority of Global Engagement by working with colleges, departments, faculty, staff, students and the Mobile area community to facilitate the comprehensive internationalization of the University of South Alabama.
The University of South Alabama continues to monitor the evolving Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. Our Travel Plans for Incoming International Students/Scholars can answer many of your questions. If you are traveling internationally, whether you are a student or scholar, please see the university’s policy on International Travel before you make travel plans.
Use the boxes below to learn more about admissions, scholarships, immigration, study abroad and more!
Keep Up with Us! @globalusajags(NEW YORK) — More than 50 years after the passage of the Equal Pay Act of 1963, Latinas typically earn only 57 on Oct. 21.
In 2019, the median wealth of a Latino household was about $14,000, which represents only 9% of the median wealth of white households: $160,200, according to the National Bureau Of Economic Research. It’s a gap that can affect Latino families for generations.
As Latinas across the country fight for equal pay and equal opportunities, organizations like #WeAllGrow Latina, the Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement and Vela are working to support, uplift and fund Latina workers on their path toward breaking glass ceilings.
“If I’m going to grow, if I’m going to understand how to do this, then I’m going to teach it and we’re all going to do this together,” said Ana Flores, the founder and CEO of the online networking community #WeAllGrow Latina. “Now we’re on 11 years later and we really have become a community.”
Systemic racial and gender-based discrimination is at the root of this pay gap, according to Patricia Mota, the CEO of Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement.
However, these groups are working hard to not only cultivate a strong Latinx network, but also provide professional development trainings, talent acquisition services and grants or fellowships to entrepreneurs, businesses and students. They also offer tools for mental health and self-care.
For example, Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement hosts the Women’s Leadership Program, which has hosted about 3,000 Latinas over the years with leadership workshops. Within less than 12 months of completing the program, Mota said that 70% of the program’s alumni have reported an increase of pay or promotion at their place of employment.
#WeAllGrow has taken on many forms since its conception. What started as a tool for Latina bloggers has become a multimedia environment with forums, breakout sessions and chat rooms that brings the expansive community of Latinas from across the globe to one home base online.
To address Latina Equal Pay Day, #WeAllGrow and Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement are teaming up with experts across many industries to provide seminars, panel discussions and conversations to host a cohort of future leaders on different skills to help them on their journey.
The Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement, #WeAllGrow and the Vela network, which is an up-and-coming Latinx professionals network for entrepreneurs, reach people of all ages — from students to early career workers to veteran professionals.
Creating a space for Latinas to talk openly about their experiences can give other Latinas the tools needed to fight against systems of discrimination, Vela founder Vanessa Nevarez said.
Nevarez has been inspired by those who have started similar efforts before her. She has never started her own business and neither has anyone in her family, so navigating this project has been a learning experience. She hopes that this network can be a tool for not only her members, but for herself as well.
Nevarez is just one example of how much the system of support and community has worked and will continue to work.
“[Vela] will extend into a hub, where we believe in community over competition,” Nevarez said. “We’re not a monolith … but we do have a commonality, which is that we care about our community and want our community to go forward.”
As glass ceilings continue to be smashed by Latinas across the globe, and as organizations fight to change the system that keeps Latinas at the bottom of the pay scale, these professionals offer some words of advice in the meantime.
Mota recommended doing your research when negotiating pay or a promotion — what others in your industry are being paid for the same work; what your colleagues make; and what opportunities are there for growth?
“It’s an employees market, a job-seeker market,” Mota said. “Right now is the opportunity to be able to leverage that and to really increase what you’re bringing in in terms of income — whether it’s in another industry or another opportunity.”
Vanessa Valentin, the director of marketing and communications at Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement, recommended talking to others openly about income and pay since transparency helps make the process more equitable. She and Mota also recommended working on maintaining self-confidence, building connections and never settling with the first salary offer without a negotiation.
They also recommended building connections, your network and taking advantage of groups like theirs to ensure you have a Latinx force to support your goals and needs.
“It’s not your fault — this system has not been created for us — but we are here, showing up together, to make sure to change it and to make sure that the gatekeepers are listening to us,” Flores said.2021 Christopher Zweerman Memorial Scholarship
Community
Christopher Zweerman was a much loved and devoted student at the former Graduate School of Medicine. His life was cut dramatically short as a result of a motor bike accident in 2010.
Christopher loved life and he was known for his cheerful disposition, bright smile and commitment to his family, friends and Graduate Medicine colleagues.
This scholarship is intended to honour the person that Chris was - an involved and dedicated member of the Graduate Medicine student body who made a lasting impression on those he knew. As such, the recipient will be selected based on their active membership and involvement in the UOW community.
Selection will be based on application.
Open from 19/Jul/2021 to 12/Sep/2021Riot Hires Former Netflix Exec for Entertainment Division
Riot Games has hired Ryan Crosby as its new head of marketing and consumer products. Prior to joining Riot, Crosby worked in various marketing and public relations roles at Netflix, Hulu, Activision, Microsoft’s Xbox division, and En Masse Entertainment.
Crosby joins Shauna Spenley, another former Netflix executive who was hired in December by Riot to drive its new entertainment division.
He’ll work within that same division, helping develop and market consumer, music, animation, and film and television products for Riot IPs including League of Legends, Valorant, and Wild Rift.
The post Riot Hires Former Netflix Exec for Entertainment Division appeared first on FortuneZ.Access premium CORE contents + 365 days of unlimited CEUs on Master Tung's Acupuncture, and much more!
The Master Tung Acupuncture point, T 22.22 Xiagao, is on the palmar aspect of the hand, along the HT channel between the 4th and 5th metacarpal bones, 0.5 cun proximal to Shanggao (T 22.21)*, along the edge of the 5th metacarpal. To determine where to needle, palpate for the strongest ah shi sensation in this area of the palm.
Promotes growth, delayed development in children
Peritonitis, pleurisy, appendicitis, oophoritis, acute or chronic enteritis
Needle 0.2 - 0.8 cun.Slag recycling involves several operations, including crushing, grinding, separation, screening etc. is famous slag crusher plant manufacturer in India, we provides all types of crusher plant for slag recycling operation. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer India- Bhupindra MachinesContact
[randpic] Slag Crusher Process In India GP Engineering Group Slag recycling involves several operations, including crushing, grinding, separation,
Mining1 is the international website for the worldwide Mining Industry. This portal is an active B2B website for all Mining Suppliers and their products like Mining Supplies. In this section you can find 119 Mining Importers in Russia registered on our portal. The companies are divided into importers for Mining Equipment, Stones and more. We have Mining Importers in Russia, AlbaniaContactContact.ContactContact
MiningWorld Russia is the Best Exhibition in Russia for Natural Resources, Mining & Quarrying in all categories according to the Russian National Exhibition Rating. Exhibiting at the event is an unmissable opportunity to showcase your latest equipment, machinery, or technologies to a dedicated audience of mining professionals.Contact
MiningWorld Russia Mining machinery equipment . Russia’s leading mining mineral extraction machinery, equipment and technology event MiningWorld Russia is the an internationallyrecognised trade show servicing the mining mineral extraction industry As a business platform, the exhibition connects equipment and technology manufacturers with buyers from Russian mining companies,Contact
[randpic] Mining Importers in Russia Mining1 Mining1 is the international website for the worldwide Mining Industry. This portal is an active B2B.ContactContact
Jun 07, 2017 quartz slab plant machine introduce. Quartz slab plant production line is composed of many quartz slab making machine. According to different process requirements, various types of quartz slab production machine are combined to meet different process requirements of customers.Contact
Jun 11, 2018 Normally silica sand processing line will include quartz sand washing trommel (by trommel scrubber or attrition scrubber), so as to wash off clay and removeContact
[randpic] quartz sand plant process machine Silica Sand Washing Plant Quartz silica sand processing. Silica sand washing process. Washed and gradeEarl Of East
SMOKE & MUSK | SOY WAX CANDLE
Smoke & Musk Soy Wax Candle 170ml by Earl of East.
SCENT STORY Smoke & Musk was the first scent Earl of East creators Paul and Niko made, back when they were still learning, making everything in tiny batches in their kitchen in East London.
This scent and its creation formed the basis for the entire line and coincided with a few visits to LA and road trips to the coast, the desert, and the Mountains.
Inspired by the great outdoors, Smoke & Musk is a comforting blend of green balsam fir, wood smoke, and musky patchouli.Weddings
A Royal Wedding Experience
Hosting your wedding at Royal Oaks Golf Club offers you a vast array of impressive amenities and exceptional customer service.
Our 24,000 square foot, two level spacious clubhouse with its magnificent views, wrap around patio and terrace, outdoor gazebo and elegant banquet rooms offer uncompromising standards of dining and service, both of which are intended to make your wedding an affair to remember.
Breathtaking backdrop views make this venue perfect for your “Royal Wedding”.
Call us today to book an appointment to visit our facility and discuss your special day!
With an outstanding facility and attentive staff, Royal Oaks can take your special day to a higher level. Mesmerize your guests with culinary delights specifically tailored to celebrate the look and feel of your wedding. Whether you desire an intimate or elaborate reception, we will graciously cater to all your unique ideas.Inner World
Description
Miniature portraits form the "Inner World" series (167 portraits) are the representation of the world that we are keeping in ourselves. Our characteristics, behaviours, desires, wishes etc. are represented as people. We are the rulers of our inner world. Our obligation is to cherish everyone from our inner world, in order to improve ourselves. Since our nature has the fractal characteristic, the same could be applied when analysing the world on our planet Earth. Every person is a part of something we call population. Population on Earth, seen from space, is perceived as one "body". Zoom it in, or out, there is always the same structure and there is always a need to accept and improve in order to liberate ourselves.
All the miniature oil paintings from the "Inner World" series are done using the needle as a brush.
All the miniature oil paintings from the "Inner World" series are done using the needle as a brush.A one pager based on the following, there is a PDF attached of the Chapter.
Define and discuss the integrated change control process, relate this to the steps for planning for and managing changes on information technology (IT) projects, and create an appropriate change control system for a project that incorporates both.Dive Brief:
Google has updated its Shopping results on Google Search to help consumers find local businesses, and check for services like curbside and in-store pickup, the platform announced on Wednesday.
Users can access the "Nearby" filter under the Shopping tab on Google or add the words "near me" to a search to find local stores. Shoppers can check if items they're seeking match those available in nearby stores, as well as access information on how far away each store is and the store's business hours within Google Maps, per a company blog post.
Shoppers can also see which stores offer curbside or in-store pickup, click to call the store and access a direct link to directions to the store.
Dive Insight:
Google's decision to modify its shopping tools stems in part from search patterns the platform witnessed during the COVID-19 pandemic. The tech giant saw Google searches for terms like "curbside pickup" and "safe shopping" spike "tenfold" over the past few months, Swati Trehan, product manager of Google Shopping, wrote in a blog post.
As a result, the tech giant made adjustments to make it easier for customers to find businesses that offer certain shopping services, and for businesses to be able to present those services to Google users. To participate, businesses can update their Google My Business profile and upload their product feeds to the company's Google Merchant Center, Trehan's post notes.
The problem of finding products in-store or online isn't unique during the health crisis. Early on during the coronavirus pandemic, major retailers, including Amazon, were plagued by product out-of-stocks.
Beyond the updated search tools, Google has been rolling out other shopping features as well. In July, Google's Area 120 research and development lab debuted Shoploop, a video shopping platform for finding, reviewing and buying items. The company also let merchants sell through its Buy on Google checkout platform without paying commissions and integrated PayPal and Shopify to facilitate payments.
It's no secret that small businesses especially have faced difficulties due to the coronavirus pandemic, and could benefit most from some of Google's updates. Other companies, including Builder.ai, eBay, Venmo, Lowe's and Facebook, have also stepped up with new tools or funding to support small businesses during the health crisis.My plan is to start from scratch on every aspect of this restoration project. That means, all of the plumbing had to go!
I started in the head area by removing all of the hoses that were attached to thru-hulls, the head, sink, and the holding tank.
When I have come across a stripped hose clamp, or a “stuck” hose, I use my Dremel tool to assist me with the hose’s removal. The Dremel’s chuck is tightened down on an arbor that has a metal cutting disc attached to the end of it. This setup makes removing troublesome hose clamps a breeze!
In the image below, I could not get the hose off of the deck fitting. I left my heatgun at work, so sliced through the hose, cutting the wire reinforcement, with my Dremel and cutting wheel.
Saltwater feed to the head.
Removing the hoses from the holding tank.
There is not much left for hoses in the boat!
Events
Our Hours
FAQs
Consignment Book Info
Schools/Business/Organizations
Offsite Events
Book Groups
My Account
Advanced Search
It's Life as I See it: Black Cartoonists in Chicago, 1940 - 1980 (Paperback)
It's Life as I See it: Black Cartoonists in Chicago, 1940 - 1980 (Paperback)
By
Dan Nadel
(Editor),
Charles Johnson
(Contributions by),
Ronald Wimberly
(Afterword by),
Kerry James Marshall
(Designed by)
$24.95
available for order
Description
Originally published by Chicago's Black press, long neglected by mainstream publishing, and now included in a Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago exhibition, these comics showcase some of the finest Black cartoonists..
The book's cover is designed by Kerry James Marshall.
Published in conjunction with the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, on the occasion of
Chicago Comics: 1960s to Now
, June 19–October 3, 2021. Curated by Dan Nadel.
About the Author
Dan Nadel
is Curator at Large of the Jan Shrem and Maria Manetti Shrem Museum of Art, UC Davis. He is the author and editor of several books, including
Art Out of Time: Unknown Comic Visionaries, 1900–1969
;
Gary Panter
;
and New York Review Comics's
Return to Romance: The Strange Love Stories of Ogden Whitney
(with Frank Santoro). He lives in Brooklyn, New York.
Charles Johnson
is a novelist, essayist, literary scholar, philosopher, cartoonist, screenwriter, and professor emeritus at the University of Washington in Seattle. A MacArthur fellow, he won the National Book Award for his novel
Middle Passage
in 1990.
Ronald Wimberly
was born in Washington, D.C. His books include
Prince of Cats
. He is the editor of the art newspaper
LAAB
.
Kerry James Marshall
is a Chicago-based artist best known for his portraits of Black figures. The Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago hosted a retrospective exhibition of his work,
Kerry James Marshall: Mastry
, in 2016. He was included on the
Time
100 list in 2017.
Praise For…
“Charles Johnson’s opening essay alone is worth the price of admission . . .
It’s Life as I See It
is an unusually rich collection, with work that cuts across formats, from traditional newspaper strips to independent or self-published underground and art comics like Turtel Onli’s dynamic abstract story lines in his own Future Funk periodical. Some figures are better known, like the pioneering Jackie Ormes while others, like Onli, are obscure.” —Hilary Chute,
The New York Times Book Review

“This zesty anthology fills a gaping hole in the history of American cartooning by portraying nine seminal Black cartoonists and presenting . . . their creative, incisive, and socially eviscerating cartoons and comic strips. . . . [
It's Life as I See It
is] an invaluable treasury of dynamic comic works of satire, protest, solidarity, and liberation.” —Donna Seaman,
Booklist
“The comics in this book are fantastic: innovative, incisive, layered, and—most importantly—blazingly funny. . . Though many of these artists were ignored by the mainstream, they created their own mainstream, a thriving space in which their Blackness was a starting point for rigorous engagement with American society.”
—
Tope Folarin
, Vulture
“[
It’s Life as I See It is
] a landmark book and one that details the untold stories of the Black illustrators who shaped the world of cartooning.” —Ayla Angelos,
It’s Nice That
“A fascinating collection of comics. . . . Dig deep and you’ll be absorbed.” —Henry Chamberlain,
Comics Grinder
“.” —Jackson Arn,
Art in America
“Immersive. . . [
It’s Life As I See It
] showcases a rich legacy.” —
Publishers Weekly
Product Details
ISBN:
9781681375618
ISBN-10:
1681375613
Publisher:
New York Review Comics
Publication Date:
June 1st, 2021
Pages:
200
Language:
Categories
Comics & Graphic Novels / Anthologies
Comics & Graphic Novels / Literary
Literary Collections / American / African AmericanLondon Irish Rugby Club has announced the signing of a five year agreement which will see StubHub UK become the club’s official ticketing partner.
The partnership, which will commence in time for the club’s summer 2020 move from the Madejski Stadium to the Brentford Community Stadium, aims to engage brand new audiences and will see season tickets for the 2020/21 season go on sale through the StubHub UK primary platform.
Moreover, as a result of the partnership improved ticketing services will also be provided to the rugby club including a dedicated customer services team and a user-friendly booking process for fans.
Róisín O’Shea, StubHub UK’s Head of Business Development, commented on the deal stating: .”
As well as providing the club with improved ticketing services, the deal will also see the online ticket marketplace work alongside the club to develop ticketing initiatives.
One such initiative which has been developed as a result of the official ticket partnership between both entities will see the incorporation of a milestone feature that is set to provide season ticket holders with a valid option of re-couping the cost of their ticket.
This will be done by granting London Irish season ticket holders the capability to re-sell tickets through the StubHub UK platform at face value if they are unable to attend a match.
Sam Windridge, London Irish Head of Commercial, discussed the importance of providing the best ticketing service for supporters as he concluded: .”Property Attributes
- MLS#09884932
- TypeLand
- CountyPUTNAM
- CityPutnam
- AreaLake Thunderbird - Putnam
- NeighborhoodLake Thunderbird
- Zip61560
- StyleRecreational,Single Family
- Taxes$ 88
- Price$ 6,400
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Thomas J. Swan Realty
Data Source:
Midwest Real Estate Data (MRED) - 103 - IL
Property Description
Drive by lot or call T. Swan. Lot just down from the beach, lot no. 470, next to chair tree park, address 207 Lake Thunderbird Dr. corner of lot may reach the water. Nice location, with the park available and view of the water..34 Acres
- Type
- Land
- Lot Size
- 0.44 Acres
- Type
- Land
- Lot Size
- 0.36 Acres
- Type
- Land
- Lot Size
- 0.55 Acres
- Type
- Land
- Lot Size
- 0.44 Acres
- Type
- Land
- Lot Size
- 0.37 Acres
[Verse 1]
She was lying on the floor and counting stretch marks
She hadn't been a virgin and he hadn't been a god
So she named the baby Elvis
To make up for the royalty he lacked
[Chorus]
And from then on it was turpentine and patches
From then on it was cold Campbell's from the can
And they were just two jerks playing with matches
'Cause that's all they knew how to play...
[Verse 2]
And it was raining cats and dogs outside of her window
And she knew they'd be destined to become sacred roadkill on the way
And she was listening to the sound of heavens shaking
Thinking about poodles and puddles and mistakes
[Chorus]
'Cause it's been turpentine and patches
It's been cold, cold Campbell's from the can
And they were just two jerks playing with matches
'Cause that's all they knew how to play...
What they knew how to play...
[Verse 3]
Elvis never could carry a tune
She thought about this irony as she stared back at the moon
She was tracing her years with her fingers on her skin
Saying, "Well, why don't I begin again
With turpentine and patches?
With cold, cold Campbell's from the can?
After all, I'm still a jerk playing with matches
It's just that he's not around to play along
Yeah, I'm still an asshole playing with candles
Blowing out wishes, blowing out dreams
Just sitting here and trying to decipher
What's written in braille upon my skin...
"All this skin..."Approved in June 2020, the National Digital Transformation Program targets to turn Vietnam into a country that can compete with developed countries in digital technology. This sets the ground for Vienam to actively capitalise on the opportunities brought on by today's technological revolution.
According to experts, Vietnam has implemented great foundations for digital enterprises to thrive. Technology has been the key factor leading to the explosion of innovative startups in IT.
At this year's Top 10 Vietnam ICT Companies 2021 event, Deputy Minister of Information and Communications Pham Duc Long said that technology companies have greatly contributed to pandemic prevention by building and deploying digital platforms and solutions; ensuring seamless communications; helping businesses maintain efficient operations; and enabling people to work and study remotely.
The pandemic has inspired domestic technology enterprises to not only ride the “digital” wave but also to help Vietnam solidify its position in the global technology landscape.
One Mount, with its comprehensive technology capabilities, has been named at the event as a great example of the new breed of companies providing a suite of technological solutions and offerings for businesses and consumers across multiple life stages.
Creating a comprehensive technology ecosystem
Having launched in the fall of 2019, One Mount has had to navigate through a global pandemic in its first two years of operation. This has brought it both challenges and opportunities as it sought to affirm the value of its technology business, which has contributed to the country's technology and economic goals even during this challenging period. Just after two years, One Mount has pioneered the deployment of technology solutions that help businesses digitalise their operations and solve bottlenecks in many traditional sectors.
Leveraging its multi-faceted and modern technology offerings, One Mount is focused on optimising benefits for value chains across a spectrum of industries and audiences including small- and medium-sized enterprises, end-consumers across distribution, as well as retail and real estate, to name a few.
In the distribution sector, VinShop has established itself as one of the country's largest consumer goods distributors which have helped to digitalise more than 80,000 small groceries. Taking advantage of technological advancements to provide maximum support for users, One Mount has helped to connect businesses, manufacturers, and consumers within its ecosystem, allowing goods to reach customers quickly while ensuring stable prices. In addition to helping improve the income of thousands of small groceries, VinShop also helps to ensure the supply of essential goods while helping consumers feel confident about the quality of the products they buy.
At the intersection between technology and humanity, where every individual in the ecosystem benefits and develops, One Mount has developed a lifestyle super app with VinID, one of the top loyalty platforms in Vietnam serving millions of users on a monthly basis. VinID recently has refined its point tiering system and is rolling out a more dedicated personalisation engine bringing users a more curated experience for their favourite products and brands.
Meanwhile, OneHousing and OneHousing Pro Agent has established itself as the No.1 distributor and supplier of Masterise Homes projects in Hanoi. In addition to the premium services, the myHome application integrated with VinID has attracted tens of thousands of homeowners and households during its beta launch. With more products and premium services on the horizon, OneHousing is expected to transform the real estate landscape in Vietnam by providing a complete one-stop-shop experience for home buying, selling, and living.
To realise this early success and fulfil its grand vision, One Mount has formed landmark strategic partnerships with reputable industry-leading companies such as in its Top 10 Vietnam ICT Companies 2021. One Mount nabbed a spot in three different categories: Top 10 Companies Providing Digital Transformation Platforms, Top 10 Fintech Companies, and Top 10 Logistics and E-Commerce Companies. Apart from this, One Mount was selected by HR Asia Magazine as one of the Best Companies to Work for in Asia 2021 in recognition of its outstanding HR practices, attractive benefits, policies, and engaging work environment.
One Mount garnered two prestigious awards just as it celebrates two years of remarkable growth. This has further strengthened its commitment to empowering Vietnamese businesses to become digital-first and consumer-first companies.
One Mount remains committed to growing together with Vietnam, improving the efficiency of its economy through the company's digital ecosystem and helping the country resume its upward trajectory and become a regional technology leader.
By Huyen Nguyen
- One & Done: Roy Gleason only MLB player wounded in Vietnam War
- Naylor’s Journey: One college football player’s path from paralysis back to the sideline
- Layman leads No. 3 Maryland past Mount St. Mary’s 80-56
- Wisconsin-Whitewater, Mount Union to meet again, a bit earlier
- Dixon sets TD mark, La Tech beats ASU 47-28 in NO Bowl
- Four Downs: NC State still a win away from bowl eligibility as Georgia Tech thumps Pack
- Louisiana Tech holds off Arkansas State in New Orleans Bowl
- No. 14 West Virginia upends Texas Tech 78-67
- With star under weather, No. 14 West Virginia gets by Texas Tech
- As errors, losses mount, Nationals get extra work
- Mount Rushmore of baseball skippers? Scioscia talks Hall of Fame inductions
- Georgia Tech running up big offensive numbers
- Texas Tech’s QB sets record with 598 yards passing
- Hurricanes to host Georgia Tech in ACC matchup, home finale
- Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets at Miami Hurricanes game preview
- Another Testaverde set to play football at Miami
- Switzerland mount stunning comeback rally to defeat Slovenia
- Ohio St.-Virginia Tech Preview
- ACC Playlist: Duke, Georgia Tech aim to put early-season losses in rearview
- All the Coolest Tech From CES 2017
How One Mount sets paths to become Vietnam’s tech unicorn have 1111 words, post on vir.com.vn at October 18, 2021. This is cached page on Talk Vietnam. If you want remove this page, please contact us.One of the things Windows Mobile and the upcoming Windows Phone 7 mobile operating systems have going for them is that they ship with Office Mobile. This app allows users to create, view, and to some degree edit Word, Excel, and PowerPoint documents. And now it looks like Microsoft may be preparing to launch Office […]Good Friday – Easter
Neville Goddard 1954
You know the story of Good Friday. A man is in a garden. It’s night time. And one called Judas comes in search of him, seemingly to betray him. He comes into the garden, and it’s dark, so he asks the simple question, “Where is Jesus?” Then the voice in the dark answered, “I AM HE.” We are told in the story they all fell to the ground. When they regained their composure they asked the same question, “Where is Jesus?” Again the voice answered, “I have told you that I AM HE.” This time Judas kisses him and the voice said to him, “Now that you have found me, let all else go, but do not let Me go, and what you have to do, do quickly.” Then Judas goes out and commits suicide.
Now when you read the story you might think that that drama took place in a garden. No. That drama must TAKE place in the mind of man. For this is all about re-birth. I t takes a man, a normal man, a man of sense, but hidden in that man and bound hand and foot is the second man that rebirth loosens and lifts up, and that second man is God. So the mystery is all self, and he uses the word “mystery” no less than 18 times. He asked those in the Corinthians to esteem him as a steward of mystery. Then he said, “Great is the mystery, God was manifest in the flesh.” Then he spoke of the greatest of all mysteries, the one hidden from the foundation of the world, “Christ in you is the hope of glory.” Christ IN man. Not Christ in the pages of history, but God IN man must be awakened, and this is the technique by which he is awakened.
Now come closely with me and let me take you into the garden of your own mind. Right now just imagine you are in a sick room of some wonderful hospital, a ward. You see the case history. You heard the verdict of the doctor, and the man, seemingly, is dying. What would save that man from such a verdict? What would save him? A state of health by which he would rise from that bed and become a normal, healthy person in this world; that would save him. Now, look into your mind’s eye and define carefully the solution of a particular problem. When you define the solution to the problem, do you know what you are actually seeing? You are seeing Jesus, for Jesus means “to save.” So the state that would save that man from what he is, is the state of health. That is his savior.
The story is, “Now that you have found ME, let all else go, but do not let ME go.” In other words, let go of everything you have ever believed, but do not let go of this concept — that the man is well in spite of the evidence of your senses to the contrary. No matter what reason dictates, you hold onto Jesus, Jesus being that the man is healthy. You hold onto it, and you touch it by becoming intensely aware of it; that’s the only way to touch a thing.
Let me tell you of something that happened only last Friday. I have a friend in this City who I met recently and he gave me a very sad story. He was up against it. He had borrowed money, and he can’t pay it back. Things are just going from bad to worse. While shaving… you don’t have to go into some church to find Him… while shaving, I thought of him and I instantly, while in the act of shaving, imagined I was speaking to my wife, and I said to her, “Isn’t it wonderful, the good news concerning George.” Then I allowed her, in my imagination, to say, “Yes, isn’t it wonderful.” Three hours later, he called me to tell me it’s so good he doesn’t know what, really, to take. He said that in the immediate present two, wonderful jobs are offered to him. Jobs he can do and do well. Both are great and he doesn’t know which one to take. Now he has another problem. I will now assume that he has taken the right one, the best one, and I know that in the immediate future, George will again call me and tell me that, on reflection, he could not have chosen more wisely.
So, you look into your own mind’s eye and know exactly what you want in this world. When you know what you want in place of what you are, then you are seeing your savior, your Jesus. The story is, don’t let Him go, but let all else go. Disengage yourself from the whole vast belief that you formerly entertained, and hold on in your imagination to the concept that you ARE the man that you want to be. That will lead you toward Calvary. Calvary means fixing in your own mind’s eye that state, and that will lead towards Easter or this wonderful day that we speak of as the Resurrection. For you will resurrect and make alive the state that began only as a concept. If you remain faithful to the concept you will be led right into the fulfillment of that state. It is called, in the Bible, re-birth.
Now here is the story. He said, “Except you be born again, you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven.” The wise man said, “How is it possible a man my age may once again enter my mother’s womb and be born again?” He said, “You, a master of Israel and you do not know? Except you be born of water and the spirit, ye can in no wise enter the kingdom of heaven.” Then he gives this clue, “As Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the son of man be lifted up.” …As Moses lifted up the serpent… do you think a man lifted up a brazen serpent as told in the story and that everyone who looked on it was instantly healed and those who would not look were not cured? It’s not any serpent. A serpent is a symbol of the power of endless self-reproduction. For the serpent sheds its skin, and yet does not die. Man must be like the serpent, who grows and outgrows. So I must now learn the art of dying that I may live, rather than, I would say killing that I may survive. I die, by laying down all that I now believe, and I lift myself up to the belief that I am what I want to be. That’s how I do it.
Now this is how a man is born of water and of the spirit. If I told you now that an assumption, though false, if persisted in, will harden into fact, that is a truth, that is water. But water is not enough. You must catch the spirit of it and apply that truth. Well, if I know that if I assume that I am the man I want to be and persist in that assumption, I would gradually become that. If I have that knowledge, that’s marvelous. But not to DO it is to try to bring this being to birth by water only. We are told this is the one who came by water and the blood. Not by water only, but by water and the blood. In other words, I have the knowledge, but I cannot bring to birth my ideal by bare knowledge. I must put it into action, I must DO it. Then when I DO it, I take my savior and I crystallize him by the doing. This is the story of our wonderful Easter.
Today, our churches are bursting with new finery, but not bursting with new men, and we are told in the story, “Put on the Lord Jesus Christ. Put on the New Man.” Well, how will I put on a New Man? It’s like saying to the boy, put on manhood, or saying to the tree, put on foliage. It comes from within, out and man puts it on from the outside. You can’t put it on from the outside, for He is within you. For great is the mystery. The one hidden from the foundation of the earth, Christ in YOU is the hope of glory. Not some Christ external to yourself, but the one in you, that is your hope; that is your only glory.
So, the great mystery is that at Bethlehem God became as we are that at Calvary we may become as He is. And Calvary is the opportunity that comes very day in the life of a man.. That is simply lifting up the serpent in the wilderness. For I raised myself from the knowledge that George was unemployed and struggling to the knowledge that he is employed. I did nothing more. I shed the skin, like a serpent. I dropped off all that I formerly believed concerning George, and began to LIVE on a higher level concerning George, and I so lived it and so made it real that in three hours, he called and gave me this exciting news.
You can do the same thing with anything in this world. When you do it daily, you die daily as the prophet said, “I die daily.” Man waits for some little event called death, and he thinks that is dying. That isn’t really dying for the simple reason that that kind of death does not bring about a transformation. For there is no transformation in a physical death, but there is transformation in mentally dying and dying daily. So, if you have learned the art of dying, you have learned the art of living. For man is immortal and he must die endlessly. For life was a creative idea, and it will find itself only in changing form. If I do not change and grow and outgrow, and grow and outgrow, then I know nothing of the mystery of Easter, for Easter is really the greatest of all mysteries. It’s when man awakens within himself from his birth at Bethlehem and he awakens as God. That’s the story of Easter.
So, let us not perpetuate this thing by our finery, which is lovely. There is not a thing wrong with getting new clothes and new hats and all the lovely things in the world, but today it has become almost a parade of what is new rather than the new man. So, when I put on the new man, I put him on by daily exercising him in this way. By becoming intensely aware. You could at this very moment, extend your feelings and trust your touch and participate in all the flights of your imagination, and do not be afraid of your sensitivities. When I become intensely aware that I am hearing what I want to hear and am actually touching what I want to touch, virtue goes out of me, and the thing touched takes on the blessing which was determined by the mood that possessed me as I imagined that I touched it. If I now touch anything, it must become crystallized in my world, bearing witness to the mood that possessed me at the moment that I touched it.
So, unless we be born of this knowledge and the application of this knowledge, we cannot enter this eternal state called the Kingdom of Heaven. So, now you have a little of the knowledge, go out and apply it. When you apply it, this is what happens, and this is a mystical fact. It was said of this one called Judah, “Who is this one who comes with his garments dyed in the sap of wine. Who takes his vestage and bathes it in the blood of grapes and takes his colt and ties it to a choice vine, and his eye red with wine, and his teeth white with milk?” You are told in the very last act, “They placed a wine-colored robe upon Jesus.” You are told that Judah took his robe and bathed it in the blood of grapes.
Now when I took what I did for George, I was actually weaving my wine-colored robe. I must weave that robe if I would awaken. It’s called, in the Bible, the wedding garment. It is called the wine-colored robe. It is called the amethyst in the New Testament, the amethyst in the Old Testament. It’s not an amethyst. It’s not a robe I weave on the outside, but when I live a life according to these truths, I am actually weaving a wine-colored aura around my being which then enables me to function consciously on higher levels of my own being. Without such a robe, I cannot function beyond my present physical state. But when I live this life according to these truths, you can’t see it with the physical eye, but I weave my robe and those who have the eye opened will see me as one of their own, and I’m not going to carry some little insignia to tell them who I am. I radiate who I am when they see my garment.
So, when we are told, “Judah comes and he takes his wonderful robe and he bathes it in the blood of grapes” it’s not a man who takes off a robe, for the garment in the Bible is what a man wears mentally. So, if I take my mind and I apply it, actually all day long but not confining it to one simple little thing as I did for George, but in the course of a day I have unnumbered opportunities to weave this wonderful robe by simply hearing good news for others. If I hear only good for others and trust what I hear as though I heard it, I am actually taking my robe and bathing it in the blood of grapes.
You wonder why he called himself the vine? He said, “I AM the vine and ye are the branches. Unless the branch be rooted in the vine, it has no life.” Well every man in the world is a branch, rooted in me, the vine, and he ends in me as I am rooted in and end in God. Now that can be said of every man in the world. While you look at me and can hear me, you too can say it. Although I have just made the claim, “you are rooted in me,” you can claim that I am rooted in you and I end in you as you are rooted in and end in God. If you know it, then it is your duty to lift up every man in this world. Not one must be discarded. Everyone must be redeemed and your life is the process by which this redemption is brought to pass. Discard no man. Every man can be changed. And you have the power to change him by taking the man and seeing him as he seemingly is and then asking what he would like to be instead of what he seems to be. When you know what he would like to be, then you imagine that he is that being already. Turn to a loved one and commune with the loved one concerning this man, just as though it were a fact. When you do it, trust it, touch it and believe it, and I will tell you that man will become the embodiment of what you have imagined him to be.
This is Easter, and Easter comes not once a year, Easter is a daily opportunity to simply die that you may live. For here it is said, “If any man would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me.” Any man. Well, how would I take up my cross and follow after this idea? First, I am told I must deny myself. Usually man thinks that means giving up something he loves, giving up the pleasures of the table, or giving up something of which he is especially fond. It hasn’t a thing to do with giving up external things. It is: a man must deny himself, and a man’s true self is made up of the sum total of all that he believes, all that he accepts as true, all that he consents to. So, if I consent to a man dying, then I must deny that concept, that self, and put in its place the embodiment of a healthy being. When I do that, I can follow after this idea. You can take this principle and apply it to everything in this world. If it’s he. When you actually feel that I m he, and continue in that state, then things begin to unfold to bear witness to the truth of your assumption. You try it.
So, remember, Easter is the art of dying that you may live, and this reminds me of that wonderful poem of the death of Abdula and what he said at the end of it all. He appeared among all the mortals and they were weeping and kissing his worn-out body and he turned to them and said, “I am not the thing you kiss, cease your tears and let it lie. It was mine, it is not I.”
Good-bye.
Now let us go into the silence.
11 Replies to “SpaceX Falcon 9 and Dragon CRS-6 set for April 13 Launch to ISS and Historic Landing Attempt”
Falcon-Dragon seems to be such a smooth and cheap little project compared to SLS-Orion. Every other week there’s a blog post here about some launch pad, barge, building, platform, tower, booster rockets, main shuttle engines, the world’s largest welding equipment and what next, which has to be reengineered for the SLS+Orion at great cost. Although it’s supposed to build upon existing Shuttle systems, while SpaceX starts from scratch. They even have a huge special building only for putting the launch abort tower on the Orion, while the Dragon2 simply uses its built in landing engines as launch abort. When SpaceX test launches their Grasshopper there’s only a pickup and a few containers and tank trailers around in the middle of a field. There are clever ways to do things, and there are clumsy ways.
SLS and Orion is deep space. Except for the capsule shape of the Orion, all technology has to be invented.
Orion is designed for deep space operations where you do not have real time telemetry like Apollo did.
SLS is going to become the a rocket that is even bigger than Saturn V and can launch 130 metric tonnes.
— . This configuration
will use the same core stage, with four RS-25 engines, as
previous configurations.”
SLS, if it happens, could send an Apollo style mission to the Moon, but it isn’t deeper space than that. Not without multiple launches that dock in LEO. And if a Falcon Heavy can take 2/3 of the payload mass to LEO as the SLS Block I can do, at a few percent of the cost, then the SLS has no advantage other than direct surface-to-surface launches of 2-3 astronauts Earth-to-Moon. And NASA has no plans to develop any lunar lander (Orion can only land in Earth’s oceans), sooo…
In 15 years or so when the SLS Block II is flying its first crew, SpaceX might very well have completed an even larger rocket very much cheaper. You speculate about the non-existing SLS, so the obvious answer is another speculation that another yet non-existing rocket very likely will be a much better alternative. SLS would be useful for a Moon program, worthless for a Mars mission, but NASA has no Moon mission planned, officially formally because they’ve already “been there, done that”. When the vague Moon mission was canceled a few years ago, SLS+Orion should also have been canceled.
The Chinese Long March 9 is now in early tech development, and is projected to achieve c 10- 11 million lbs of thrust with an LEO payload of 130 tons or so. It is planned to support human landing/base construction missions on/to the Moon and elsewhere, as well as enabling large space station elements for LEO/GEO.
Recently, several Chinese scientists have proposed the use of the 2020-2 multimodular space space station to test and develop key Solar Power Satellite technologies ( light weight panels, deployment systems, , energy beam transmission and much else), with a view to a 5 GW demo unit in or near 2030
THe major aims are final replacement of polluting fossil/uranium based fuels with a truly industrial scale inexhaustible ( or thereabouts!) clean energy system ( wind and terrestrial solar are judged inadequate for a major industrial power’s needs as Germany and others now know, to their cost)
A major benefit of SPS for China, and indeed the world would be an end to dependence on unstable often brutal and hostile regimes in the Middle East and a capricious Russia.
China has no reason, barring major socio-economic collapse, NOT to go down this route, as, among other things, China could arrive at a constructive leadership role in human development without firing a single shot.
On present form China has the longterm vision, is building up the necessary rocket, lunar and space station assets for lunar bases- which would convert the demo satellite sprogramme into a truly global energy system around mid century. It could also mop up financial over growth away from frenzied speculation into something positive , as well as giving China a more meaningful culture than crass consumerism can generate on its own ( a desire Mr Jiang Zemin voiced in his writings.
The Long March 9 would thus “kill several birds with one stone” and the whole shebang would cost a good deal less than a major Middle East or war for oil, with far more constructive results!
A rivalry between the West and China would be satisfactory result of a “big rocket race” with economic construction as a driver…
We can but hope….?
The Germans in WW2 could assemble a V2 Launch in the middle of a woods or between houses in a matter of hours today there is too much show before a launch and the costs are ouragious SpaceX are doing a great job compaired to NASA and I wish them all the best of success…
The V2 was intended to come down crashing and burning.
It also did not send 130 metric tonnes or humans into Lunar orbit.
Olaf Just in case you don’t know Von Braun was the chief Engineer on the V2 and he got NASA to the Moon, So put that in your pipe and smoke it 🙂 cowboy…
Von Braun did not create the Saturn V in a shed in the middle of the woods.
So the landing attempt will be made during daylight hours in the late afternoon or early evening. THAT should make for some good photo ops. – of history being made! Make it so!
GO Space-X!
Yes I wish them all the best it will be great if they can make it and film the landing…
Quote: .. “The first attempt in January during the CRS-5 mission was largely successful, as I wrote earlier at Universe Today, despite making a ‘hard landing’ on the ASDS [drone ship]. The booster did make it to the drone ship, positioned some 200 miles offshore of the Florida-Carolina coast, northeast of the launch site in the Atlantic Ocean. The rocket broke into pieces upon hitting the barge.”
From January report: .. The hard landing apparently was caused by a lack of hydraulic fluid in the final stages of the landing.
“Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing,” Musk tweeted.
“Upcoming flight already has 50% more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for [the next] ‘landing’ attempt…”Today I want you to watch a video I did on the subject of Marriage Counseling.. you will like the video..
When you watch, don’t forget to SUBSCRIBE to my YouTube channel to enjoy good contents any time we release more..
You can ask questions and make suggestions.. and share the videos too..
This is it on Facebook
This is the link on YouTube
Information is key
Click the links and watch the video..South Geldard Lawyers (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “us”, “we”, or “our”) are committed to complying with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to the personal information we may collect from you.
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, disclose and manage personal information and may be varied or modified by us, in our sole discretion, without notice to you. You should frequently review this Privacy Policy.
We will deal with your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), the Australian Privacy Principles and the most recent version of this Privacy Policy published at.
We may source and hold personal information about you that is relevant to providing you with the legal services you are seeking. We may request you to supply personal information including:
Your personal information will generally be collected directly from you through the use of standard forms, through a telephone conversation with you, via email or over the internet. We may also collect personal information about you from publicly available registers or agencies as well as third parties acting on your behalf.
Disclosure of personal information to us is optional. However, if you choose not to disclose personal information requested by us, or if the personal information you provide to us is incomplete or inaccurate, we may be unable to provide you with the legal services you are seeking.
Generally, we collect, hold and use your personal information for the purposes of:
Generally, we only disclose personal information about you in accordance with the purposes for which the personal information was collected.
We may however disclose your personal information to the following third parties:
Otherwise, we will only disclose personal information to third parties with the relevant individual’s consent or if the disclosure is permitted by law.
Your personal information may be sent overseas in order to provide the legal services you are seeking. The countries in which recipients of your personal information are likely to be located are dependent upon the specific circumstances of the engagement and the nature of the legal services you are seeking.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
You agree that any personal information you provide to us is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
We store your personal information in different ways, including in paper and in electronic form.
We take reasonable steps to secure the personal information that we hold from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure by various, means including electronic and physical security measures.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is managed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Australian Privacy Principles and the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
Please contact us if you wish to request additional general information in relation to:
You have the right to access and correct personal information we hold about you (subject to certain exceptions contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)).
If you believe that personal information we hold about you is not accurate, complete and/or up-to-date please notify us immediately using the contact details set out in this Privacy Policy. We take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
If you wish to request us to provide access to personal information that we hold about you, please contact us on the contact details set out in this Privacy Policy. We will assess your request in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). If we refuse your request, we will provide you with a written notice that sets out the reasons for the refusal (unless it would be unreasonable to provide those reasons).
If you make a request to access personal information that we hold about you, we may charge a fee to meet the cost of processing your request.
If you would like more information about the way we manage personal information or would like to request access to or correction of personal information that we hold about you or if you wish to make a complaint, please contact us by:
If you are not satisfied with our response to any queries or concerns you may have in relation to the way we collect, manage, store or use your personal information, you may complain directly to the Australian Information Commissioner.
DOWNLOAD OUR .PDF VERSION.Miles Ahead (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Miles Davis (trumpet), Max Roach (drums), Percy Heath (bass), John Lewis (piano), Don Cheadle, Julian Cannonball Adderley (alto saxophone), John Coltrane (tenor saxophone), Paul Chambers (bass), Bill Evans (piano), Jimmy Cobb (drums), Taylor Eigisti (piano), Phil Schaap, Don Cheadle & Phil Schaap,...
- Grammy Awards37th Awards (1994)Best Jazz Instrumental Solo
Contents
Davis, M: Miles Ahead
- Miles Davis (trumpet), John Lewis (piano), Percy Heath (bass), Max Roach (drums)
Dialogue: "It takes a long time..."
- Don Cheadle
Davis, M: So What
- Miles Davis feat. John Coltrane, Cannonball Adderley & Bill Evans, Miles Davis (soloist), John Coltrane (soloist), Cannonball Adderley (alto saxophone), Bill Evans (piano), Miles Davis (trumpet), John Coltrane (tenor saxophone), Cannonball Adderley (soloist), Bill Evans (soloist), Paul Chambers (bass), Jimmy Cobb (drums)
Taylor Eigisti: Taylor Made
- Taylor Eigisti (piano)
Dialogue: "Listen, you talk too goddam much..."
- Don Cheadle, Phil Schaap
Evans, G: Solea
- Miles Davis (trumpet), Al Block (flute), Jose Mangual (percussion), Elvin Jones (percussion), Jimmy Cobb (drums), Paul Chambers (bass), Janet Putman (harp), Jack Knitzer (bassoon), Danny Bank (bass clarinet), Romeo Penque (oboe), Harold Feldman (flute), Bill Barber (tuba), Tony Miranda (french horn), Joe Singer (french horn), Jimmy Buffington (french horn), Frank Rehak (trombone), Dick Hixon (trombone), Johnny Coles (trumpet), Louis Mucci (trumpet), Bernie Glow (trumpet), Ernie Royal (trumpet)
- Gil Evans
Davis, M: Seven Steps to Heaven
- Miles Davis (trumpet), George Coleman (tenor saxophone), Herbie Hancock (piano), Ron Carter (bass), Tony Williams (drums)
Dialogue: "If you gonna tell a story..."
- Don Cheadle
Shorter: Nefertiti
- Miles Davis (trumpet), Wayne Shorter (tenor saxophone), Herb Hancock (piano), Ronald Carter (bass), Tony Williams (drums)
Davis, M: Frelon brun
- Miles Davis (trumpet), Tony Williams (drums), Herbie Hancock (piano), Ron Carter (bass), Wayne Shorter (tenor saxophone)
Dialogue: "Sometimes you have these thoughts..."
- Don Cheadle
Davis, M: Duran
- Miles Davis (trumpet), Steve Grossman (soprano saxophone), John McLaughlin (electric guitar), Herbie Hancock (organ), Michael Henderson (bass), Billy Cobham (drums)
Dialogue: "You own my music..."
- Don Cheadle
Davis, M: Go Ahead John
- Miles Davis (trumpet), John McLaughlin (guitar), Dave Holland (bass guitar), Jack DeJohnette (drums), Steve Grossman (soprano saxophone)
Davis, M: Black Satin
- Miles Davis (trumpet), Carlos Garnett (soprano saxophone), Bennie Maupin (bass clarinet), David Creamer (guitar), Herbie Hancock (synthesizer), Chick Corea (synthesizer), Harold "Ivory" Williams (synthesizer), Michael Henderson (bass), Billy Hart (drums), Jack DeJohnette (drums), Al Foster (drums), Khalil Balakrishna (sitar), Badal Roy (tabla)
Dialogue: "Be musical about this shit..."
- Don Cheadle
Davis, M: Prelude, Pt. 2
- Miles Davis (organ), Michael Henderson (bass), Sonny Fortune (soprano saxophone), Sonny Fortune (flute), Sonny Fortune (alto saxophone), Al Foster (drums), Miles Davis (trumpet), Mtume (percussion), Mtume (drums), Mtume (congas), Reggie Lucas (guitar), Pete Cosey (percussion), Pete Cosey (guitar)
Dialogue: "Y'all listening to them..."
- Don Cheadle
Robert Glasper: Junior's Jam
- Robert Glasper (organ), Keyon Harrold (trumpet), Marcus Strickland (saxophone), Burniss Earl Travis (bass), Kendrick Scott (drums)
Robert Glasper: Francessence
- Robert Glasper (organ), Vicente Archer (bass), Keyon Harrold (trumpet), Elena Pinderhughes (flute), E.J. Strickland (drums)
Davis, M: Back Seat Betty
- Miles Davis (trumpet), Bill Evans (soprano saxophone), Barry Finnerty (guitar), Marcus Miller (bass), Al Foster (drums), Sammy Figueroa (percussion)
Dialogue: "I don't like the word jazz..."
- Don Cheadle, Ewan McGregor
Robert Glasper: What's Wrong with That?
- Herbie Hancock (piano), Keyon Harrold (trumpet), Wayne Shorter (saxophone), Esperanza Spalding (bass), Gary Clark Jr. (guitar), Antonio Sanchez (drums)
Robert Glasper, Pharoahe Monch: Gone 2015
- Robert Glasper feat. Pharoahe Monch, Pharoahe Monch (vocal), Keyon Harrold (trumpet), Mike Moreno (guitar), Burniss Earl Travis (bass), Justin Tyson (drums) Phone: 1800 429 598
By Email: customer.relations@essentialsbyaai.com.au is how to contact our Customer Relations Team:
By Phone: 1300 104 605
By Email: idr@essentialsbyaai.com.au
In Writing: Essentials by AAI Customer Relations, PO Box 14180, Melbourne City Mail Centre, VIC 3001.
If you need more help on how to make a complaint you can access more information here.
Essential’s by AAI..
By Phone: 1800 931 678 (free call)
By Email: info@afca.org.au
In Writing: Australian Financial Complaints Authority, GPO Box 3, Melbourne, VIC 3001
Online:
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
Here is how you can contact OAIC and confirm if they can assist you.
By Phone: 1300 363 992
By Fax: 02 9284 9666
By Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au
In Writing: Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, GPO Box 5218, Sydney, NSW 2001
Online: (online complaint form available)
What accessibility options are available to me?
We want you to be able to make a complaint as easy as possible. If you require further assistance with making a complaint or understanding our complaints process please visit our Customers In Need Of Extra Support | Essentials by AAI Insurance page for more information.
Essentials by AAI is a signatory to the General Insurance Code of Practice.THE FRAGRANCE
This is a woody oriental fragrance evoking the many legends of the ancient Silk Road journey from China to Arabia. As the guiding light of the mystical journey he is the omniscient force of nature – the guardian of the Legend.
NOTES
Top: Pink pepper berry essence, frankincense, cumin, cardamom essence, saffrom, mace essence, nutmeg, myrtle essence
Heart: Geranium essence, mrrh essence
Base: Oud, sandalwood, patchouli, leather, frankincense, cedarwood, musk, castore.organic cleaners greensboro nc menu- organic cleaners greensboro nc directions ,May 14, 2011·Get directions, reviews and information for Organic Cleaners in Greensboro, NC. Organic Cleaners 4008 Battleground Ave Ste H Greensboro NC 27410. 1 Reviews (336) 288-1221 Website. Menu & Reservations Make Reservations . Order Online Tickets Tickets See Availability Directions …ORGANIC CLEANERS - Dry Cleaning & Laundry - 4008 ...Find Reviews and Recommendations for ORGANIC CLEANERS in GREENSBORO, NC. Find out what others thought of ORGANIC CLEANERS
Get Driving Directions, Live Traffic & Road Conditions ...
Step by step directions for your drive or walk. Easily add multiple stops, live traffic, road conditions, or satellite to your route. Find nearby businesses, restaurants and hotels. Explore!Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Garment Cleaners in Greensboro, NC | superpages
Find 2 listings related to Garment Cleaners in Greensboro on YP. See reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for Garment Cleaners locations in Greensboro, NC.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
organic cleaners greensboro nc phone number
Greensboro, NC A Cleaner World 3715 Lawndale Dr. Greensboro, NC 27455-3001 (336) 288-5224 M-F 7-6 Sat. 8-2 Get Driving Directions Dry Cleaners Rug Cleaners. Hickory, NC A Cleaner World 1009 2nd St NE Hickory, NC 28601-3843 (828) 328-5900 M-F 7-6 Sat. 10-2 Get Driving Directions …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Home | NRCS North Carolina
Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) is investing up to $15 million to support the development of new tools, approaches, practices and technologies to further natural resource …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Organic Cleaners. House Cleaning Service - Greensboro, NC ...
See past project info for Organic Cleaners including photos, cost and more. Greensboro, NC - House Cleaning Service. Professionals. Appliance Repair Architects Asphalt & Paving Companies Cabinet Makers Carpenters Carpet Cleaning Chimney Sweeps …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Quartzite Countertops | Natural Stone | Greensboro, NC
Quartzite is a naturally occurring stone that resembles marble in appearance and is harder than marble and granite. Quartzite countertops, backsplashes, and vanities offer strength, beauty, and durability. Many homeowners confuse quartzite with quartz, which is an engineered countertop fabricated from loose quartz and synthetic materials.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Organic Cleaners | INSTAYP
Organic Cleaners in Greensboro, NC. Find Organic Cleaners business details nearby 4008 Battleground Avenue # H, Greensboro, NC 27410 , products and services relating to 812320 - Drycleaning and Laundry Services (except Coin-Operated) , also in category of 7349 - Building Cleaning …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Organic Cleaners Greensboro opening hours 4008 Suite H ...
Find opening times and closing times for Organic Cleaners in 4008 Suite H Battleground Ave, Greensboro, NC, 27410 and other contact details such as address, phone number, website, interactive direction map …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
A Cleaner World - Dry Cleaning Locations | Get Directions
A Cleaner World. 190 Chatham Downs Dr. STE-104. Chapel Hill, NC 27514-1541. (919) 967-3042. M-F 7-7 Sat. 8-2. Get Driving Directions. Dry Cleaners. Rug Cleaners.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Greensboro/Winston-Salem/High Point News - Triad Business ...
There's 664M square feet of industrial-space demand nationally, propelled by e-commerce. Jul 12, 2021, 10:27 am EDT. Many companies are embracing blind hiring. Research is divided on its ...Contact SupplierWhatsApp
organic cleaners greensboro nc hwy
Production environment. Cooperation partner. The 10 Best House Cleaning Services in Greensboro, NC 2021- organic cleaners greensboro nc hwy ,The best way to set up a consultation with a house cleaner during the COVID-19 pandemic is by using virtual, online tools.Start by performing an online search for local house cleaners…Contact SupplierWhatsApp
4008 Battleground Ave Ste H, Greensboro, NC 27410 Organic ...
Organic Cleaners, 4008 Battleground Ave Ste H, Greensboro, NC 27410 Get Address, Phone Number, Maps, Ratings, Photos and more for Organic Cleaners. Organic Cleaners listed under Dry Cleaners, Dry Cleaning & Laundry.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Sheree's Natural Cosmetics & DaySpa - Home | Facebook
Sheree's Natural Cosmetics & DaySpa. December 31, 2020 at 8:05 AM ·. Get Ready for the New Year with Brows by Donna. Brows are the big thing in 2021 - make sure you have the perfect shape. Call to schedule an appointment - 336.294.3223. See All.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Official MapQuest - Maps, Driving Directions, Live Traffic
Official MapQuest website, find driving directions, maps, live traffic updates and road conditions. Find nearby businesses, restaurants and hotels. Explore!Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Organic Cleaners, 4008 Battleground Ave # H, Greensboro ...
Jul 16, 2021·Organic Cleaners is a business providing services in the field of Laundry, . The business is located in 4008 Battleground Ave # H, Greensboro, NC 27410, USA. Their telephone number is ...Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Fox Cleaners & Launderers | Greensboro, NC | Quality Dry ...
Family Owned & Operated Since 1947. 1400 Sunset Drive | Greensboro, NC 27408 | 336.275.0097Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Ramada by Wyndham Greensboro Coliseum Area | Greensboro ...
Jul 17, 2021·Ramada by Wyndham Greensboro Coliseum Area. 2003 Athena Court, Greensboro, NC 27407 US. +1-336-294-9922. Ramada by Wyndham Greensboro Coliseum Area. +1-336-294-9922. Sun, Jul 11 2021 Sun, Jul 11 2021 |. Edit Dates in Greensboro, NC - (336) 288-1221
Organic Cleaners is located at 4008 Battleground Ave Ste H, Greensboro, NC 27410. Organic Cleaners can be contacted at (336) 288-1221. Get Organic Cleaners reviews, ratings, business hours, phone numbers, and directions.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Organic Cleaners in Greensboro, NC
View contact details and 1 review for Organic Cleaners at 4008 Battleground Ave Ste H, Greensboro, NC, or write a review. Explore an interactive map with places nearby.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Organic Cleaners - Servicio de lavandería
21 visitantes hicieron check-in en Organic Cleaners. Servicio de lavandería en Greensboro, NC. ACTUALIZACIÓN 15 de julio de 2020: Hemos actualizado nuestra Política de privacidad. Nuestra …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Organic Cleaners Greensboro NC | Cleaning Services
Apr 21, 2021·Business info for Organic Cleaners: Cleaning Services located at 4008 Battleground Ave Ste H, Greensboro, NC - including, phone numbers, testimonials, map and directions.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
craigslist | north carolina
try the craigslist app » Android iOS CL. north carolina choose the site nearest you: asheville; boone; charlotteContact SupplierWhatsAppMoving forward in our healthy eating adventure, we decided to attempt wild salmon. Pictured above – this was my first attempt with wild Coho salmon, shown here marinaded in blueberry sauce and paired with sauteed asparagus and sweet potato chips.
I created two versions of a blueberry sauce. The thicker sauce was created through reduction – cooking the blueberries down in a small amount of water and then blending them for consistency using a NutriBullet. The second sauce was a lighter dressing using a small amount of the thicker sauce blended with olive oil, golden balsamic vinegar, white wine vinegar, and Italian seasoning. The lighter dressing was used for the marinade and sautéing. The thicker sauce topped the salmon.
To create the sweet potato chips – dice the potato, lightly toss in EVOO (optional – can skip this step if you don’t use oil), add a seasoning of your choice, and cook in an air fryer. The amount of cook time varies by volume, so check the potatoes every five minutes or so. I used a combination seasoning of onion, garlic, salt, and pepper.
The Coho salmon was broiled. Everything turned out great! If you decide to give this one a try, let us know how it turns out. We would love to hear from you.
Enjoy! $1200 per square feet (resale condominiums) and go up to $1600 per square foot (pre-construction/new builder luxury condominiums), as of April 2020. Average price of homes & condos can be seen in our Toronto real estate market reports.
In comparison, Downtown Mississauga, resale high rise condos in prime buildings start at $750 per square feet and go up to $1200 per square foot for pre-construction/new builder luxury condominiums, as of April 2020. Toronto & Mississauga offer a safe real estate investment for investors looking for a second or third home in two of North America’s most diversified cities. If you have been investing in financial markets /stocks etc. and are looking to diversify into real estate, we can help you. We will not only acquire good investment properties for you but also assist you to manage them effciently.
Contact us for all your real estate investment needs in Toronto, Mississauga and neighbouring towns and cities, Team Kalia?
As a non-resident you may own a home in Ontario. There is a 15% Foreign Buyer Tax to be paid. investment real estate in Toronto, Mississauga and other parts of the GTA. Residential real estate includes single detached homes, townhouses, condo apartments, multi-residential apartment complexes, custom or rebuild homes.
Top
What taxes are payable on the property purchase and at what rate?
Newly constructed homes are subject to Harmonized Services Tax (HST). Land transfer tax and Toronto Land Transfer Tax (for Toronto City only) is also payable when buying property in Ontario. Foerign buyers pay 15% Tax.. We work with many lenders when it comes to newcomers to Canada or Non Resident buyers. Please contact us and we will put you in touch with seasoned professionals. 2% to. Team Kalia has helped many non-resident real estate investors buy and manage properties in Mississauga and Toronto area.
Can I buy property in my child's name, if he/she is an international student studying in Canada?
What is a better investment, Mississauga Condos or Downtown Toronto Condos?
Downtown Mississauga is a growing condo hub and a happening place. Price of a condo in Mississauga is approximate. $100,000- $150,000 less than a comparable condo in Downtown Toronto. The rent to price ratio is slightly more favourable in Mississauga. Based on above price difference, an investor looking to buy in Downtown TO with 35% down payment will have to come up with an extra $35K to $55K in cash. One also pays almost double land transfer tax in Toronto in comparison to Mississauga.
Top
As a First Time Buyer or Newcomer, can I Rent Now & Buy Later?
As part of our unique Rent Now - Buy Later.
Contact Team Kalia for Your Toronto Real Estate Investment Needs
We only collect personal information necessary to effectively market and sell the property of sellers, to assess, locate and qualify properties for buyers and to otherwise provide professional services to clients and customers. We do not sell, trade, transfer, rent or exchange your personal information with anyone.FTR 050: What the Aftermarket Can Learn from Professional Wrestling – Matt Fanslow
previous episodes HERE.
Key Talking Points:
- Look outside the industry to learn how to successfully promote the industry
- Matt takes a big leap and ties a concept of promoting professional wrestling to the aftermarket
- The main champion would make other champions look bad
- It made more sense to build the other guy up to help all players and build their performance group and have the fans appreciate all wrestlers
- We have a choice not to run a competitor shop into the ground. Help build them up
- You may have more training, one piece of equipment that succeeded in repairing the shop.
- You may be a better shop but there is no reason to put another shop (player) down.
- You win, the customer wins but do not trash your opponent.
- A special thanks to Matt Fanslow:Creating a message that sticks in consumers’ minds is what every business wants but few achieve it.
That’s because the brand message is often garbled and the call-to-action is weak.
“What I notice a lot in brand storytelling, brand communication, brand messages is a lack of simplicity,” says Brynn Winegard Ph.D.
The type of content that sticks in people’s memories is a story that has one clear point.
“Stories that are very succinct in terms of the moral, the principle or the end result, cause and effect [stories], those are the kinds of [stories] that people remember.”
If you want a “sticky” brand message. You have to make it personal. Make the story resonate with the audience at an emotional and personal level.
“They really remember stories that are highly anecdotal.”
“If they weren’t personal to the person that’s receiving the story, they’re very personal to the person who was telling the story and the reason for that is because when they’re highly anecdotal, people feel as though they can relate with the person telling the story,” says Brynn.
This method strikes an emotional cord with an audience because people are social and want to connect with each other.
“It’s not just content but it’s also the actual delivery. The media in that case, is the person and so it’s both media and the message they can identify with at a personal or emotional level. Then that’s even better,” explains Brynn.
Listen to the podcast below or read on for more ways to make your content stick!
The other way to make your message stick with consumers is to make it less distracting.
Consumers can very quickly weed through whether or not it is an advertisement or a brand message and… they won’t listen to you…,” says Brynn.
The first step is to get your audience to “attend to your content by listening to you. Once you have their attention, you can aim for acquisition. Then comes saliency or recognition and relevance, which would hopefully lead to memory and recollection.”
“We hope that people really engage with our content, but they won’t engage with our content if they haven’t attended to it,” says Brynn.
A sticky message must also be an authentic message. When your content is genuine it’s more likely to be remembered.
But Brynn says one thing your content shouldn’t do is compete in a one-up kind of way with another brand. The reason is when you draw attention to what another brand doesn’t have and then compare it with what your brand has, you’re actually confusing your customers.
“The problem there is that [the brand] isn’t able to clearly or distinctly tell people what they do differently from their competition. They actually tell them, more often, what they do similar to the competition…,” explains Brynn.
How to create sticky messages
1. Keep your message simple.
Focus on ‘THE ONE THING”
Humans can remember 4 +/- 3 parcels of information, though in today’s world, most people only remember 1 thing you said, did, messaged, or intended. So focus on THE BIG THING you’d like to drive home.
2. Be authentic in your content
Consumers want authentic relationships with organizations/companies/brands/people. Make sure you’re actually giving that to them.
3. Don’t use “competitive orientation”
Truly communicating how your product/good/service is different from the lower-cost alternative. Brands spend way too much time focused on what their competition is doing and try to copy, mimic, or mirror it.
4. Use visuals to tell your story
Pair stories with visuals: Almost 1/4 of the human brain is dedicated to visual cortices – humans are highly visual learners, rememberers and knowers. Pair your story with complementary visuals for better attention, acquisition, memory, and recall.
5. Make sure you are actually telling a story
Stories have a special place in people’s brains and memories, like advertising jingles, so be sure to tell a story that has a beginning, middle, end/moral/key takeaway.
Learn more about Brynn Winegard
Brynn Winegard is a Canadian professor, consultant, speaker and writer. Dr. Winegard’s specialty.Already a member?Login
By continuing, you agree to Sociomix's Terms of Service, Privacy Policy
By continuing, you agree to Sociomix's Terms of Service, Privacy Policy
WandaVision, Disney+’s first big-budget Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) series, has officially concluded its first season. With six episodes emulating decades of sitcom history, two episodes showing classic MCU action, and one episode taking us down memory lane, WandaVision never ceases to capture its audience. But with such big shoes to fill after Avengers: Endgame, has WandaVision succeeded in propelling us into Marvel Studios’ Phase Four? And SPOILER ALERT!
Here are five things WandaVision does right and five things it does wrong.
The MCU never fails to please audiences, and the Disney+ show adds countless easter eggs and comic-accurate moments left and right. Here are 5 things WandaVision does right.
Through its first seven episodes, WandaVision follows a brilliant formula that recreates numerous decades of television sitcom history.
The series' first two episodes delicately recreate the black and white aesthetic of the 1950s and '60s, boasting silly jokes and old-fashioned special effects we haven’t seen since I Love Lucy and The Honeymooners. Each proceeding episode recreates the following sitcom decade from the 1960s to 1970s, then the '80s, '90s, and even catches up with modern-day.
Not only does the show shift from black and white to color, but costume accuracy, cinematography, and set-design all change in coherence with each time jump.
The 1970s themed Now In Color episode shows off large-pointed collared shirts and bell-bottomed pants while the 1980s On A Very Special Episode… sports permed hair, leg warmers, and wacky patterns. Episode seven, Breaking the Fourth Wall, takes a step up by altering its cinematography for the 2000s, filming with a shaky-cam aesthetic, and having Wanda speak to the camera in a The Office or Modern Family mockumentary style.
The show is a nostalgic love letter to sitcom culture that makes the series unlike any other. And even if you’ve never seen I Love Lucy or Malcolm in the Middle, it’s still worth the watch.
After charming audiences in Ant-Man and the Wasp, actor Randall Park’s role as Agent Jimmy Woo is back in action investigating Westview’s hex.
Since being a glorified babysitter during Scott Lang’s (Ant-man) house arrest, it seems Agent Woo has been making wise career moves, climbing up the F.B.I. ladder, and making powerful allies in Monica Rambeau and Darcy Lewis. His craving for the truth makes him a valuable asset in facing off against S.W.O.R.D. Director Hayward, and trying to communicate with Wanda.
Jimmy also seems to have been practicing his online magic, showing off his sleight-of-hand skills throughout the series; revealing his business card from up his sleeve, and freeing himself from handcuffs.
Teyonah Parris makes her MCU debut as the grown-up Monica Rambeau who audiences may recall being a young girl in Captain Marvel.
Twenty-eight years after the events of Captain Marvel, Monica seems to be living up to her name of “lieutenant trouble,” wreaking havoc on Hayward’s plans and risking everything to enter Wanda’s hex. She brings wonder, heart, and wit to WandaVision which meshes well with Jimmy Woo’s sincerity.
Not only is she a trustworthy asset, but her efforts to breach the hex rearrange her molecules, giving her superhuman abilities which could lead to her role as Spectrum; an energy wave-controlling superhero.
By the end, Monica makes a good impression on Wanda and outer-world influencers. This won’t be the last we see of her charming escapades.
WandaVision ushers in one of the MCU’s most adorable families since the Starks and their love shows every step of the way.
We already know Wanda and Vision as a true pair, but episode three Now In Color introduces their twin sons Tommy and Billy. By aging from infants to toddlers in mere minutes, it’s clear Tommy and Billy are no ordinary children.
The twins have deep comic book origins in which they are magically birthed, and boast super speed and magic abilities, similar to their appearance on WandaVision. The two boys use their powers to become superheroes Speed and Wiccan and are notable members of the Young Avengers.
Wanda, Vision and the boys become the MCU’s first superpowered family to fight side-by-side on the screen and it is a wondrous sight to behold! Fighting off rogue S.W.O.R.D. agents never felt so good.
Ever since Avengers: Age of Ultron fans have been anticipating the reveal of Wanda’s comic-accurate costume and superheroine title.
Officially dubbed the “Scarlet Witch” by Agatha Harkness, Wanda is revealed to have been a witch since birth, not just since her interaction with the mind stone. Not only that, but she’s the most powerful witch on earth, and, supposedly, one of the most powerful beings in the universe; even more powerful than the Sorcerer Supreme, Doctor Strange himself.
Her all-red outfit exceeds expectations by including her iconic "M" shaped crown, sleek dress, and elbow-length gloves which she magically creates during her final battle with Agatha. Are you getting Magneto vibes too?
Although we’ve known Wanda since 2015, it appears we’ve barely scratched the surface of her true potential, and it's promising that she’ll play a key role in Marvel’s phase four.
Nothing on TV is ever perfect, not even the MCU. Here are 5 things WandaVision does wrong.
Put down your torches and pitchforks because there isn’t anything wrong with Darcy herself but instead the handling of her character.
Ever since her debut in Thor way back in 2011, Kat Dennings’ performance as Darcy Lewis has charmed audiences with her quirky sense of humor and geeky atmosphere, and her appearance in WandaVision is no different.
She makes for good fun with Jimmy Woo and Monica Rambeau, and she proves herself a talented scientist, techno-master, and escape artist. She holds a lot of importance, especially during her time with Vision in episode seven in which she tells him about his death.
However, after spending a few splendid episodes with her, she drops off the radar only to reappear for a deus ex machina and a quick goodbye in the series finale. Taking down Hayward is no easy feat, but her arc feels cut short and forgotten amidst Wanda’s battle with Agatha which leaves viewers a bit unsatisfied.
Maybe we’ll see more of her in Thor: Love and Thunder or Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness.
The inclusion of Agatha Harkness allows for a window into Wanda’s true identity as the Scarlet Witch and lets Kathryn Hahn’s twisted humor shine, but she isn't a perfect villain.
Kathryn Hahn's wit and light-hearted sass help fill WandaVision with splendor that shouldn't go unappreciated. However, Hahn’s fame makes her appearance on WandaVision less than subtle which renders her climactic reveals underwhelming.
Her performance as Agnes the nosey neighbor is a delight but also makes it extremely obvious that she’s more significant than a quirky ensemble member. And her reveal as Agatha Harkness had been predicted on episode one, so the twist never carried much weight for many viewers.
Her presence as the antagonist, as well, is overshadowed by Wanda’s already spooky control over Westview, and her less than impressive witches cloak diminishes our fear of her since it looks as if it came straight out of Disney’s 1998 film Halloweentown.
The Evan Peters cameo was riveting at first but quickly turned sour after only one episode with our favorite running man.
For those in the know, Evan Peters has famously acted as Peter (not Pietro) Maximoff, a.k.a. Quicksilver, in 20th Century Fox’s X-Men films since 2014. You may recall him super-speeding to the tune of Time in a Bottle by Jim Croce, or the beat of Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This) by Eurythmics.
The X-men films are notably NOT part of the MCU, but with Disney's recent acquisition of 20th Century Fox, and the title announcement of Doctor Strange’s sequel film The Multiverse of Madness, Evan Peters’ appearance on the show could only imply one thing: Marvel Studios is bringing the X-Men into the MCU by way of the multiverse.
Ever since Aaron Taylor-Johnson’s MCU Quicksilver met his demise in Avengers: Age of Ultron, fans have been dying for either his return or the introduction of Evan Peters. So, with his surprise casting, we were finally getting our wish, and it seemed like the perfect way to do it.
Unfortunately, WandaVision’s finale completely crushed this dream by revealing Evan Peters’ character to be a resident of Westview named Ralph Bohner, (yes, you read that right) not a character from the multiverse. So, no, he isn’t the Quicksilver we know and love but is instead an MCU nobody from New Jersey.
Honestly, the cameo was a bad idea if Marvel Studios had no intention of him being X-Men’s Quicksilver, especially if a future crossover is in the works. Cheap move, Marvel!
Speaking of cameos, WandaVision was theorized to have more than one surprise star-studded appearance.
Star of the show Elizabeth Olsen and creator Jac Schaffer both teased mind-blowing cameos and surprises on par with The Mandalorian’s Luke Skywalker appearance. A tease like this could’ve been about Evan Peters, but since even that got squashed fans were left underwhelmed at the end of the finale.
At the show's end, we’re given two end-credits scenes to keep us wanting more, except they kind of do the opposite. The mid-credits scene with Monica Rambeau sees her meet with an undercover Skrull; a shape-shifting alien that audiences first met in Captain Marvel.
But this Skrull is someone we’ve never met before, not a mind-blowing cameo such as Skrull leader Talos, or even Nick Fury himself. Seeing as Captain Marvel 2 is set for release in 2022, and the Disney+ series Secret Invasion revolves around Nick Fury and Talos, a meatier cameo wouldn’t have been too much to ask for.
In the second end-credits scene, we see Wanda hidden away in the mountains. At first, we see her making tea, but it's revealed that her astral projection is in the back room studying the Darkhold spellbook. We love seeing Wanda use her magic, but fans half-expected Doctor Strange to make a surprise cameo here.
WandaVision has been confirmed to tie directly into Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness, so it would’ve made a lot of sense for Stephen Strange to say a quick hello. Besides, an end credits scene with Wanda knocking on the doors of the Sanctum Sanctorum would’ve produced more hype than a recreation of 2008’s The Incredible Hulk end credits scene.
The introduction of White-Vision is a notable comic book recreation that makes Vision’s journey more compelling than expected but also fails to come to fruition.
In the comics, White-Vision is the product of Vision’s death, memory loss, and resurrection. Without the mind stone, he is more robot than human, but he still stands for justice alongside his fellow Avengers.
White-Vision’s origins are roughly the same in WandaVision, but in the show's finale he is given back his memory, flies off, and we don’t see him again. Hmm...
Marvel Studios is clearly waiting for the right moment for Wanda and Vision to reunite, but since White-Vision is the physical remains of the Vision we’ve known since Age of Ultron, we have to ask: why not have him and Wanda meet?
We’re given no conversation, no eye contact, or even a mention before the season is over. Wanda is left completely unaware that White-Vision is flying around with full memory of who he is, but instead, we’re given a sorrowful goodbye to hex-Vision who, despite him feeling like an old friend, was never real, to begin with.
Hex-Vision is a figment of Wanda’s imagination, an illusion that, yes, could potentially be reinstalled into White-Vision. But since White-Vision is more real than hex-Vision, it would’ve been nice to give us some sort of interaction between him and Wanda before the credits rolled.
WandaVision is a splendid experience for the whole family to enjoy. Whether you've been an avid fan of the MCU since 2008's Iron Man, or just a casual viewer, it's worthwhile for its truly unique mixture of superhero action and nostalgic sitcom aesthetics. And just because a show has a few sour moments doesn't make it bad.Montblanc's new Twin Smart Strap adds smartwatch functionality to your mechanical timepiece
So you love what the Apple Watch can do, but you can't simply fathom the thought of ditching your mechanical timepiece. Montblanc just might have the answer in a new device called the Twin Smart Strap. An update to their original E-Strap, the straps feature a small accessory where your clasp would normally be and it gives you all the smartwatch essentials and nothing more.
You have notifications with vibration alerts, a curved OLED display, activity tracking, and maybe the most coveted feature of all, wireless payment, which was developed in collaboration with Visa and Mastercard. Battery life lasts for up to a week and the straps are available in both leather and nylon and are available in 20 or 22mm lug widths.
Available this August through Montblanc stores and retailers.
€390 ($453), montblanc.comDRONEDEK Corporation, one of the first companies in the world to patent a smart mailbox designed for secure drone delivery today announced its formal agreement with Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL) to develop, design and produce DRONEDEK units for worldwide distribution.
DRONEDEK holds a first-position patent portfolio for its smart mailbox. It is a feature-rich, secure mailbox that accepts delivery via robotic, unmanned driverless, aerial drone or conventional means.
.”
The agreement pairs DRONEDEK’s intellectual property with BEL’s world-class engineering, manufacturing and deployment. DRONEDEK has a robust product roadmap guided by its (filed or awarded) 111 patent claims. BEL is uniquely qualified to deliver a durable product capable of working reliably in any climate.
Initial discussions envision DRONEDEK executing up to $50 million in product purchase orders with units expected by the second quarter of 2022.
.”
BEL is a $6.7 billion market cap multi-product, multi-technology, multi-unit conglomerate with products like radars, missile systems, military communications, naval systems, electronic warfare & avionics, C4I systems, electro optics, tank electronics & gun/weapon system upgrades and electronic fuses in the defense segment. BEL’s non-defense business segment includes electronic voting machines, homeland security & smart cities, solar, satellite integration & space electronics, railways, artificial intelligence, cyber security, software as a service, energy storage products and composite shelters & masts.
DRONEDEK mailboxes also accepts traditional mail delivery. They are destined to become an everyday utility service like power or water. Controlled by app, the units will keep packages hot or cold; alert users to package arrival; recharge drones; and issue emergency alerts.
DRONEDEK solves three of the most critical challenges of delivering packages in “the last mile” of the delivery route by:
- Reducing expense – the average cost of drone delivery for that last mile is $1 compared to $2 by truck.
- Increasing efficiency – drone delivery eliminates the need for trucks to drive repeatedly through neighborhoods.
- Providing absolute package security – packages locked in the mailbox are retrieved only via the app.Supported Accommodation In Birmingham
The Birmingham project was formed in 2015 after a successful bid onto the regional framework for supported housing.
The team, led by Adelia Sutton, offers dispersed accommodation across Birmingham and Solihull. Our support team is based in the Acocks Green area of Birmingham, here we can welcome young people to drop in and access support.
We can also offer outreach support packages, mother and baby and out of county placements.Carefully read all these terms and conditions before using this website. Unless otherwise stated, this website and its contents are the property of Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd. The term “us” or “we” or “our” refers to Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd, the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of the website.
Agreement
By getting access to this website and using it, you are indicating that you accept to be bound by the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not access or use this website. This agreement may be revised at any time by Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd without specific notice.
The entire content of this site, including but not limited to copy, graphics, and other matters related to the website are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights, and is the property of Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd. Any use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
License
Your license for access and use of the website and any information, materials or documents (collectively defined as “Content and Materials”) are under these following restrictions and prohibitions on use: You may not :
- copy, print (except for the express limited purpose permitted above, republish, display, distribute, transmit, sell, rent, lease, loan or otherwise make available in any form or by any means all or any portion of the website or any content and materials retrieved there.
Permitted use
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license:
- to access and use Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd website strictly in accordance with this Agreement;
- to use the website solely for internal, personal, non-commercial purposes;
-.
Limitation of liability
Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd will be, in no event, regarding this website or any other hyperlinked website,. It is your responsibility to take precautions to protect yourself from items such as viruses and other items of a destructive nature.
Be aware that information on this website could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd may change periodically the information on this website and to the products and services it represents. Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd does not warrant that this website will be available and accessible at all times.
Third party links
Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd has no control over the content of website links contained on this website and does not give any warranty with respect to such websites. These sites are independent from Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd. You are encouraged to read the Terms of Use of these third party sites and make an informed decision on whether or not to you want to use them. Visiting these sites is at your own risk. Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd has no responsibility or liability for those sites.
Respectful use of the website
Harassment is strictly prohibited, in any manner or form on the site, including via email, or by use of obscene or abusive language. Impersonation of others, including a Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada Ltd or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is forbidden. You may not upload to distribute or to Rainhouse Manufacturing Canada this Terms of Use, please contact us at: info@rainhouse.comFormer Real Madrid forward Jorge Valdano believes anxiety is behind star signing Gareth Bale’s inconsistency.
The 24-year-old joined Los Blancos for a record €100 million fee last summer and has so far made 25 appearances, scoring 11 goals and notching 10 assists.
Valdano claims the Welshman is yet to adapt to the pace of the Spanish league, and feels the spotlight is wrongly sticking with the former Tottenham Hotspur player.
“Bale has a rare anxiety because he doesn’t seem to be with the pace of the game,” the Argentine told AS.
“When you’re anxious, you play at a speed above what suits you, but he is absent. The team saves him. There are many points of attention, including Jese, who is going unnoticed in Bale’s bad moments.”
Bale’s next game will be Sunday’s league tie against strugglers Elche, where he will hope to recapture the kind of form that saw him score 26 goals in his last 44 games in England.
In his three year spell at the club as a player, Valdano won La Liga twice, along with two Uefa Cup titles, and a Copa del Rey. At international level, he scored seven goals in 23 appearances for his native Argentina.2021 Missile Stakes Day: Randwick Scratchings & Track ReportFields & Form | Horse Racing Today | Race Previews | Spring Racing | Winter Racing |
The countdown to the Sydney Spring Racing... attracted arguably the most exciting and talented field of 16 fillies and mares since the turn of the century, and will see the likes of Srikandi, Catkins, Avoid Lightning and Lumosty trade blows for the season’s final Group 1 title.
The Group 3 Tattersall’s Cup (2400m) will peg the likes of Epingle, Banca Mo, Faust and Shoreham together while the Group 3 WJ Healy Stakes (1200m) will officially close the meet at 4:32pm and has drawn a talented field of sprinters.
The Gold Coast is experiencing good, sunny weather today however the track remains somewhat soft after a week of rain.
No Current Scratchings
#1 Bymonashee
#13 Three Rondavels
#6 Lieder
#14 Maternal
#10 La Spiaggia
#16e Godzone Girl
#12 Lady Belladonna
No Current Scratchings
#8 Thump
#18e Najoom
#19e Jazz Song
#20e Vergara
#1 Excellantes
#6 Territory
#9 Barbed
#14 Kaepernick
#15 Lesley’s.America’s veterans have earned the respect of a grateful nation. Those men and women who are alive today after fighting in World War II, Vietnam, and Korea deserve to be honored. Honor Flights are a great way to do just that.
HONOR FLIGHTS PROVE TO VETS THAT WE STILL CARE
The men and women who fought in World War II are now in their late 80s and 90s. The US Department of Veterans Affairs statistics says that only 496,777 of the 16 million Americans who served in World War II were living in 2018. Honor Flights prove to these special people that we still care about them.
On Memorial Day and Every Day
Fort Lauderdale sports bar Bokamper’s hosted a Memorial Day extravaganza this year, and Honor Flight of South Florida invited a group of elderly veterans. Some now in their 90’s, they were honored during the event for having fought in WWII, Vietnam and Korea.
Leading the group was Chairman Rick Asper. “Our mission is to honor these heroes from so long ago,” says Asper of the 15-year-old organization. “They gave so much to their country at that time.”
Asper addressed the standing-room-only crowd at Bokampers. Noting that all proceeds from the event will go towards Honor Flight South Florida, he said, “Today is a day we’re recognizing those who gave everything for their country, and it’s fitting that we have this group of World War II, Korean and Vietnam veterans here to express themselves about how much it means for them to go on an Honor Flight.”
Patriotism Celebrated Here
The Bokampers event was spearheaded by manager Mike Enrinques, a former Marine. During the ceremony, restauranteur and former Miami Dolphin player Kim Bokamper gave a heartfelt speech. He eloquently reminded everyone of the sacrifices some Americans make in order to keep the rest of us living in a free country.
Never Forget the Fallen Heroes
Gold Star father Tim Bohall lost his son, Sgt. Thomas Andrew Bohall, when he was killed in Afghanistan on May 26, 2011. He was only 25 years old.
His words aimed at every Millennial in the bar, the still-grieving father honored his heroic son with a speech about sticking to your commitments.
“Sure, you can take the easy way out and quit. You’ll feel better for a day or two,” Bohall recalled telling his son when he wanted to quit the soccer team in high school. “But if you stop now, the only lessons you will take from this experience will be that it’s ok to quit when things get tough, that you don’t have to deliver on your commitments, and that choosing to fail is an acceptable decision. But if you stick it out, I guarantee that you’ll be glad you did.”
Thomas never started a game or scored a goal, but he ended up being celebrated as the year’s MVP.
“Instead of providing value with his athletic skills, Thomas had willed himself to deliver intangibles to his team. And these intangibles held far more value than any athletic achievements,” Bohall explained. “Thomas’ never-quit attitude, combined with his desire to contribute to the team, made him an inspirational and motivating force for the other players.”
In Memory of Sgt. Thomas Bohall
Sgt. Bohall served three tours of duty in combat conditions in Iraq and Afghanistan, earning 4 service stripes as a member of the Pathfinders team, 101st Aviation Regiment, 158th Combat Aviation Brigade, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault). He was killed in action along with 9 additional members of his unit in Afghanistan, while conducting a mission to destroy an IED manufacturing facility.
Sgt. Bohall was one of 118 local troops who were killed while serving in military operations supporting the global war on terrorism since Sept. 11, 2001. Their names are inscribed on Miami International Airport’s Wall of Honor, which was erected in 2016 to pay lasting tribute to South Florida’s fallen heroes.
Do You Known an Aging Veteran?
“We fly veterans from South Florida to our nation’s capitol to provide what we hope will be one of the best days of their lives,” explains Asper.
A nonprofit charity, Honor Flights depend on donations and volunteers. The organization charters a large airliner four to five times a year, which takes veterans to Washington DC.
“We need to keep honoring these amazing people who did so much for us fifty to seventy-five years ago,” says Asper.
Tell Everyone!
Do you have an uncle, an aunt, a brother or know someone who served either in Vietnam, Korea or World War II?
Please tell them about this incredible opportunity to taken an Honor Flight.
“They will spend a day being honored and respected and shown the appreciation of a grateful nation,” says Asper. “Please nominate a veteran today.”
©️Jill Cueni-Cohen14:41This is what the law says you can do when someone parks in front of your house
16:30How to watch 5 Star Wrestling's Tap or Snap Championship live
16:50How to see the first Super Blue Blood Moon for nearly 150 years this week
21:54Flooding fears after application for more homes in Funtley
21:11WATCH: Gosport cancer charity opens new building
20:57Retirees visit Westminster
20:53HMS Queen Elizabeth sets sail to tackle helicopter trials at sea
20:54Shoplifters steal meat from Hayling Island store
20:33Fareham MP pledges support for national campaign to get young people into engineering
20:16Nearly Â£150m spent on recruiting for the Royal Navy, figures reveal
19:00Pompey new boy has Premier League potential
17:48Video: Anton Walkes on signing for Pompey
17:30Harbour Cancer Support Centre
16:27Portsmouth primary school pupils delighted as new minibus arrives
16:38Speed bumps to be installed in Portsmouth road
17:12Pompey winger Bennett attracting interest
06:00NEWS COMMENT: Just one knife in schools is one too many
16:26Ali Chamberlain video
15:20Drug addict shrugs her shoulders as she's found guilty of Portsmouth murder
15:55Police chase
15:59Walkes '˜over the moon' after completing Pompey loan move
15:32The Guide Awards are tonight - here are the nominations
15:13Pompey boss plays down Chaplin loan exit '“ at the moment
15:07Ram raiders steal cash machine from Hampshire store
14:40Deans will aim for Andover repeat... Royals moving up
14:04HMS Queen Elizabeth to leave Portsmouth tomorrow, navy confirms
14:15Thugs racially abuse traders before attacking man with a hammer
11:47Pompey close in on Spurs loan recruit
13:44Who is Pompey target Anton Walkes?
13:26The Rain: a first look at Netflix's post-apocalyptic Danish drama
13:18Wellington so close to southern title
13:19Star Wars is touring the UK this year - with a live orchestra
13:10Meetings to consider league cricket changes in Hampshire
12:34Cruise ship surge brings a wave of good fortune to Portsmouth
12:34Jungle animals are set to give Hampshire economy a Â£74m boost
12:29Capturing the community on camera
19:00Six things to do in the next 48 hours: January 30 and 31
12:05REVEALED: All 15 businesses in the Portsmouth area with a zero star food hygiene rating
11:57How will automation affect jobs in your city in the future?
20:00NOSTALGIA: Coal-fired power station which once dominated Old Portsmouth
10:55Arctic Monkeys announce first UK tour date in over three years
20:00CLIVE SMITH: Welcome to 1984 '“ where we destroy children's friendships
06:11Astonaut Tim Peake is to be given the Freedom of Chichester
06:00Revealed: '˜Frightening' number of children caught with knives in Hampshire's schools
11:00Pompey 0 Shrewsbury 1: What We Learnt
10:30Thomas Cook is allowing holidaymakers to reserve sunbeds before they start their holiday
09:13TV Highlight AND TRAILER: Haunting drama Requiem coming to BBC One
10:13TV Highlight AND TRAILER: Haunting drama Requiem coming to BBC One
10:13TV Highlight AND TRAILER: Haunting drama Requiem coming to BBC One
10:04MURDER TRIAL: Jury set to return in Nadine Burden stabbing case
10:01REVIEW: ABBA Forever at Kings Theatre, Southsea
09:46Thomas Cook offering British holidaymakers the chance to bag the best sunbeds for Â£22
09:42Facebook story function reveals who has been viewing your videos
05:49New Indian restaurant to open its doors in Portsmouth
07:40NATIONAL: Calls for greater restrictions on gambling adverts
07:27Morning weather and travel: Delays on M27
06:00Celebrations as 95-year-old city naval veteran publishes his Second World War memoirs
06:41Scas given grant to improve technology innovation
06:33County council cabinet meeting to discuss 2018/19 budget
05:56QA Hospital radiologist to run London marathon
05:55Hampshire mental health services for children praised
05:09Gosport man wins in Hampshire and Isle of Wight Air Ambulance lottery draw
06:00MP group's concerns
06:00Schools '˜generally safe' despite national findings
06:00Hampshire police insist: knife crime is low in the county
06:04Work starts to rebuild Hayling beach battered by back-to-back storms
06:00Pompey boss explains omission of top-scorer Pitman
00:10LETTER OF THE DAY: Firefighters don't only save lives...
09:00Pompey boss: I won't criticise referee
11:00Pompey looking at loan moves for academy aces
06:00THIS WEEK IN 1972: Noise '˜buffer' will protect residentsOUR MISSION
Our mission is to enhance and improve men's total health by promoting the safe and evidence-based use of testosterone therapy and other adjunct modalities to clinically-qualified clients in an accessible and convenient manner.
The opTmale Difference:
We check and provide you comprehensive lab works to get a more complete picture of your health for an affordable price and/or usually included in any TOT plans.
A tailored treatment plan based on patient preference, finances, presenting symptoms, desired fertility and desired outcomes.
We provide Men's Total Health Optimization adjunct treatment, including growth hormone optimization, peptide therapies, IV hydration, weight loss, sexual health, and fertility evaluation and enhancement.
Very convenient and personalized overall experience. We would closely monitor your progress, including your lab works, any side effects, nutritional and fitness goals through telemedicine (over the phone or video conference) at your convenience. We can also have your medications shipped directly to your home. Testosterone therapy has never been this easy!
!
2 Comments
shahzaib khan · October 24, 2009 at 3:20 pm
Me An absent Member of Devnext Team.. 🙁 because of NED Studies. Did not came @ ur last 2 Events… I am Shahzaib Khan From NED University, User Group Leader Class mate. Would Surely Love to Come on this Event, Please do announce the Date…
Fahad Ali · October 24, 2009 at 5:06 pm
gr8!! w8ing for User group meeting and Windows 7 launch there..!!Blizzard has announced a "pause" on plans for an online BlizzCon event that was expected to take place in early 2022, saying that the effort required to mount the show "is best directed towards supporting our teams."
The first BlizzConline, as Blizzard dubbed it, took place in February 2021 as a stand-in for the 2020 live event, which was cancelled because of the Covid-19 pandemic. A live BlizzCon 2021 event was called off earlier this year for the same reason, at which time Blizzard announced that the all-digital event would return in early 2022.
But that plan has been derailed by a lawsuit filed against Activision Blizzard in July that claimed widespread discrimination and sexual harassment at the company. Those allegations led to the dismissal of executives including former Blizzard president J. Allen Brack, Diablo 4 game director Luis Barriga and lead level designer Jesse McCree, and World of Warcraft designer Jonathan LeCraft. Blizzard has also been removing references to those former employees and others from its games.
Blizzard didn't refer to the misconduct allegations in the BlizzCon announcement, but the timing—and the allusion to supporting developers instead of putting on a big, celebratory show—is impossible to overlook.
"Any BlizzCon event takes every single one of us to make happen, an entire-company effort, fueled by our desire to share what we create with the community we care about so much," Blizzard said. "At this time, we feel the energy it would take to put on a show like this is best directed towards supporting our teams and progressing development of our games and experiences."
Blizzard also suggested that if and when BlizzCon does return, it will be very different from the event we're used to seeing.
"The first BlizzCon was held 16 years ago, and so much has changed in the time since—most notably, the multiple ways in which players and communities can come together and feel like they are a part of something bigger," Blizzard continued. "Whatever the event looks like in the future, we also need to ensure that it feels as safe, welcoming, and inclusive as possible. We’re committed to continual communication with our players, and we see BlizzCon playing a big role in that going forward."
The timing of the cancellation is also interesting for another reason: Today is the day that the Overwatch character formerly known as McCree takes on his new name of Cole Cassidy. Until November 5, Blizzard is also offering Overwatch battletag changes, which normally cost $10, for free.
Despite the cancellation of the event, Blizzard promised that announcements and updates about its ongoing projects will continue through the usual channels.Olympic Iyengar Yoga Teacher Robin Popinski
Retired RN, I began studying Iyengar Yoga in 1994 and became a certified teacher in 1998, have traveled to Pune India to study at the Iyengar Institute three times, and in December of 2018 will attend.
We at Olympic Iyengar Yoga on South Lincoln Street service all members of society from Rehab classes, to Over 55, Beginner, Level I and II and Mental Health classes through Peninsula Behavioral Health.
Classes are affordable and we attempt to have time frames that are agreeable to your schedule.VHS Vault Invokes Video Nostalgia For Horror Movie Streaming Site:
I love this statement from the TECHDIRT site:
The VHS Vault is an ode to ‘80s and ’90s reverie, from the Reagan-era, scare-inciting titles it proffers (Day of the Dead, Adjust Your Tracking, Night of the Demons and more) to the site itself, designed as if it’s straight from 1998, complete with a traffic counter, low pixel GIFs and the quintessential Dancing Baby.
I had those nights in high school–as VHS became DVDs but still not streamed.. we popped movies in. Had popcorn, or soda, or pizza.. and laughed often times until sunrise. Horror movies all night. Bad horror movies.. complete with MYSTERY SCIENCE THEATER style sarcasm from friends and me as well.
I know there is always a melancholy attempt to bring back nostalgia. But nothing will ever be like those summer nights of horror again. HALLOWEEN 3 and CARNIVAL OF SOULS.. they are two movies I can’t watch again. I want to keep them in the past, on one of those magical nights, and let them sit in memory. In posterity. In nostalgia.
I applaud anyone attempting to bring back the VHS ‘vault.’ But it’s just not going to be the same..
-Clan Duncan Society
Clan Duncan Society's primary purpose is to bring together all those with the name Duncan and the associated names of Duncan; to globally unite all those with an interest in their history, heritage and ancestral roots in Scotland and unite all Duncans both at home and overseas as one Clan. ...
Read more
Contact for details.When I prepped for Thanksgiving dinner I roasted some acorn squash and a large butternut squash. I decided that the butternut squash was too big and made too much food, so I left it at home. But that meant that I had a large squash waiting at home for me to make into some fun dishes.
This dip turned out really nice – lightly sweet and lightly spicy. You can vary the amount of heat by adding more or less chipotle paste. The recipe I’ve given makes a medium spicy dip.
The squash in this dip can really be any kind of hard winter squash like acorn, delicata, pumpkin (fresh or canned will work), or butternut. To cook a fresh squash, roast it whole in a 400 degree oven for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow the squash to cool until you can handle it without burning your hands. Cut in half and remove the seeds and the fibers in the cavity (the seeds can be saved for roasting and snacking). Slice squash into wedges lengthwise, and sprinkle with salt, pepper, and a small drizzle of olive oil. Place squash wedges on a Silpat lined baking sheet, and return to the 400 degree oven for 40 minutes (you don’t need to turn the wedges, as a nice browning will occur if you just leave them). Once the squash is done roasting the skin is really easy to peel off.
This would also make a fabulous sandwich filling with maybe a slice of provolone, some lettuce, and some avocado on toasted whole wheat bread. Yum.
Butternut Squash-Chipotle Dip Recipe
Butternut Squash-Chipotle Dip
Ingredients
- 1 cup cooked and peeled squash
- ½ cup sour cream
- ½ teaspoon salt
- 1 teaspoon chipotle paste
- 1 teaspoon olive oil
- 1 ½ teaspoons finely chopped shallot
- 2 teaspoons fresh thyme
- ¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon
- 1 teaspoon chili powder
Instructions
- Place squash in a medium bowl and smash with a fork. Add remaining ingredients, mixing until thoroughly combined.
- Serve dip with sturdy tortilla chips, crackers, apple slices, carrot sticks, veggies, or bread.
Notes
This would also make a fabulous sandwich filling with maybe a slice of provolone, some lettuce, and some avocado on toasted whole wheat bread. Yum.
Subscribe
Join my mailing list to receive the latest recipes FREE to your inbox!
Great way to use up that squash! Will try it out! Thanks!
What a fantastic dip! I love the sweet and spicy combination and I just so happen to have a butternut squash looking for a purpose. 🙂 Great recipe!
Thanks for linking up to last week’s Tuesday Confessional! You’ve been featured, so stop by and grab a button. 🙂
~Macy
Yum, this looks so delicious and healthy! A great party dip! 🙂
Thank you so much for bringing this recipe to Foodie Friday! It is certainly not a combination I would have thought of but now I really want to try it.
Congratulations! This delicious recipe is being featured today on Foodie Friday!!!! Come on over and grab an “I was featured” button. Thank you for sharing, please come again soon! ~Tonya from 4 little Fergusons :)
This sounds amazing! I love squash, but I am never sure of how to prepare it. This looks absolutely wonderful. Thanks so much for linking up to Strut Your Stuff Saturday! We hope that you will join us tomorrow!
Camille @
SixSistersStuff.blogspot.com
This sounds absolutely incredible. I cannot wait to make this later in the week.
Thanks for sharing on *Mostly* Homemade Mondays last week. I love this recipe so much, I will be featuring you on tomorrow’s party!
Stop by and share some more yumminess, please. Oh, and feel free to grab a badge for your blog.
Jess
This sounds delicious. I was just thinking to myself today that I need to make some healthy snacks. I’ve bookmarked this one to make soon, thanks.
This sounds like an interesting combo, but one that I would like to try.
I cannot get over how good this dip sounds! It is a must try.
I love sweet and spicy dips! Thanks for this recipe!
This looks very interesting! I had a can of butternut squash in the pantry for a little while, and now I know what to make with it!
I will definitely be making this soon! It looks absolutely amazing!!
This sounds perfect for a tailgating party! 🙂 Can’t wait to try it!
ooo yum!! squash dip… sounds SOO healthy and tasty!
Looove chipotle! This looks like a wonderful football Sunday snack! Thanks so much for sharing.
Wow this looks really, really good!
Oh, man, this looks super tasty! What a great combo, I would have not thought of it myself!User (Legacy) Posted September 20, 2000 Report Share Posted September 20, 2000 Hello, I am using CFxIE and we are creating client-side custom menus. I need to know how to trap an event so that it will give me the wParam, nSerie and nPoint elements. I can use the UserCommand() but it doesn't give me the nSerie or nPoint. I can use RButtonDown() but it doesn't give me the wParam. It would seem that Menu() would give me all the needed elements but I cannot get it to work for me. Any help with the use of Menu() would be greatly appreciated! - JD // * * * This Works * * * // <script language="javascript" for="Chart1" event="UserCommand(wParam, lParam, nRes)"> alert("Inside the UserCommand Event"); alert( "wParam = " + wParam + "\ alert("Inside the Menu Event"); alert( "wParam = " + wParam + "\nnSerie = " + nSerie + "\nnPoint = " + nPoint + "\nnRes = " + nRes ); Chart1.ReturnValue = 1; <.Congratulations, Craig Ross, Private Pilot!
Updated: Jan 10
All of us at NGFC take great pride in the accomplishments of our students. Such is certainly the case here. Craig is one of several who have not only demonstrated great skill, but also great patience in navigating all the weather, DPE and maintenance issues. Finally, the stars aligned, and he was able to complete his Private Pilot journey. Once we get a picture of Craig with his certificate, we'll definitely post it here. Congratulations from ALL!Company
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Industry
Finance
Location
Singapore
Position Type
Global Corporate Banking Summer Analyst Program
Post Date
6 Augl.
Overview:. You will be given responsibilities early and will be expected to make a significant contribution to the team. As internships mirror full-time positions, they also include goal-setting and a formal review process as well as plenty of opportunity to interact and work with senior:
• Support and assist the bankers in managing their client portfolio’s – client development, pitching and execution and responding to client requests
• Assist in deal execution and follow-up – assist in putting together internal memos and working through the KYC process for example
• Perform various statistical and financial analyses
• Conduct comprehensive and in-depth company and industry research
• Prepare presentation and other materials for clients
• Produce and distribute internal documents for the team – meeting minutes, market reports, weekly pipeline reports
• Learn from, and work with teams consisting of professionals from across the business, including senior corporate bankers within your group, product and support partners and other colleagues from around the globe
• Have the opportunity to work on a project that requires analyzing a business opportunity for a client and presenting findings to bankers on how to expand that client franchise
Requirements
Qualifications
• Penultimate year undergraduate/master student
• Outstanding academic achievement
Required Skills and Abilities:
• Strong quantitative and analytical skills
• Effective verbal and written communication
• Comfortable with change and able to adjust to changing demands and requirements
• A strong team player and client focused
• Demonstrates energy and drive
• Creative thinking and problem-solving skills
• Demonstrates a keen interest in the business you are applying to
• Fluency in English is essential, appropriate Asian language skills are also essential for some roles and。I have a special post for you all today! Yes, I know by now that you’ve probably seen lots of swatches of the Zoya Holiday Matte Velvet collection, but they are so beautiful you really can’t see too much of them… And I’m GIVING AWAY A BRAND NEW SET to one lucky winner!! Okay, so let’s start looking at the swatches, then you can register to win your own set of them!
Zoya Aspen
Aspen is a gorgeous white with Zoya’s signature mattevelvet finish with glass flecks teaming with a multitude of colors.
My swatch is 2 coats with no top coat, then top coat on my ring finger and pinky.
Zoya Sue
Sue is a soft neutral with the signature matte velvet finish, again with the glass flecks which makes these polishes literally glow with multiple colors. My swatch is 2 coats with no top coat then top coat over my ring finger and pinky.
Zoya Alma
Alma is a classic holiday red made a little extra special with the glass flecks matte finish. My swatch shows without and with top coat, it’s literally like 2 polishes in one. 2 beautifully smooth easy coats for the below swatches.
Zoya Iris
Iris is a deep amethyst purple with fuschia matte flecks. This one was a little thinner than the others and dried quickly, so be sure to get enough on your brush for your first swipes on the nail. This can cause balding and brush strokes if you try to go back over it. My swatches are 2 coats.
Zoya Honor
Honor is a rich evergreen shade, perfect for the holidays. There have been reports of this staining, so I took extra precaution with 2 coats of peel off base. I could definitely still see the potential though, so plan accordingly.
Zoya Yves
Yves is a rich cobalt blue with sky blue glass flecks. Another one with stain potential, so I recommend using 2 coats of a high quality base coat and maybe a peel off base coat to protect your skin when removing. A staining polish, while frustrating, does not have to be a deal breaker. Just plan accordingly and you should be fine. This is 2 coats, first with no top coat then with top coat on my ring finger and pinky.
My thoughts: Zoya, have I mentioned lately how much I love you? This collection, even with its few flaws, is fantastic. Completely gorgeous, nice formulas, transformable with top coat, and probably one of the prettiest whites I’ve seen in a long time! You need this collection, it truly is a must have.
Zoya is also available at Ulta and select Wholefoods Stores.
Click below to register to win this collection!
Until next time, stay polished!Charles Town woman faces drug-related counts after I-70 traffic stop
FREDERICK, Md. — An Eastern Panhandle woman faces drug charges after police said she admitted to having cocaine hidden inside her body during a traffic stop last week on Interstate 70, the Frederick County Sheriff's Office said.
Rhonda Lee Brown, 46, of Charles Town, W.Va., was charged with possession of a controlled dangerous substance and drug paraphernalia, according to a sheriff's office news release.
Also charged were Randy Lee Gallahan, 32, and Jonathan George Ridler, 25, both of Alexandria, Va. Ridler was wanted on active warrants in Howard County, Md., and Loudoun County, Va., police said.
On Friday at about 11:50 p.m., Deputy 1st Class Douglas Story stopped a vehicle on I-70 in the area of Linganore Road for an equipment violation.
A sheriff's office K-9 unit responded to assist and was alerted to the odor of a narcotic while scanning the vehicle, police said.
Deputies found a hypodermic syringe containing suspected heroin residue as well as other drug paraphernalia, the release said.
The three were arrested without incident and taken to the Frederick County Adult Detention Center for processing.
Before being taken from the scene, Brown told police that she had cocaine "hidden in her vagina," the release said.
The sheriff's office seized 15 bags containing approximately 7 grams of suspected cocaine from Brown, police said.
Brown was taken to Frederick Memorial Hospital as a precaution before being released to the detention center.
Brown was released Saturday on a $10,000, while the men remained in custody as of Tuesday afternoon, according to online court records.
Brown and the two men are scheduled to appear July 8 in Frederick County District Court.By Joanna Frost
3rd May 2017
The new rules in relation to the liability to pay the correct amount of employment taxes for off-payroll workers came into force from 6th April 2017.
The off-payroll worker (a worker who is paid through a company they own – a Personal Service Company (PSC)) may no longer be responsible for establishing their relevant employment taxes due to HMRC. This responsibility may instead move to the public sector engager, agency or third party that pays the worker's PSC. Where a college, school or academy engages directly with the off-payroll worker, it may now be responsible for operating the new rules and then collecting and paying the relevant tax and NICs and reporting these to HMRC through the Real-Time Information (RTI) system.
Whether these new rules apply to the PSC in question is informed by a variety of factors based on the nature of the contract and the services they are providing to you. HMRC have a tool you should use to check employment status for tax to find out if the off-payroll working legislation applies to each person you engage via their own PSC.
In practice this will generally mean, for those off-payroll workers that the HMRC tool states the new rules apply too, where the College pays for the off-payroll workers services by invoice, PAYE and employee national insurance may need to be calculated and deducted from the payment of the invoice.
In terms of how this might affect your institutions procurement practices, you will no doubt be reviewing your contracts register and/or spend analysis to identify if you currently contract with any Personal Services Companies in order that these changes can be implemented. For example, you may engage with individuals to carry out hair and beauty demonstrations, employee engagement activities, curriculum advisors, examination officers etc. to whom these new rules might apply. You may well be involved in using the HMRC assessment tool to ascertain whether the regulations apply and contacting these individuals informing them of the changes and that their invoices will be paid after the relevant tax and NICs have been deducted.
It may also be necessary to review your processes in relation to setting up new suppliers to identify these types of contracts when awarded and to capture the information which will be required when using the HMRC assessment tool:
You may even decide to look how you procure these types of services to minimise the impact of these new regulations.
For those that work closely with their finance teams you may also be reviewing how the payment of taxes on behalf of these individuals might be administered through your existing payroll systems etc. and may be considering nominating an IR35 “champion” within your institution who then becomes the central point of contact on these issues.
If you have undertaken any of this activity and are willing to share your experiences, please email Regional Procurement Advisor, Jo Frost at [email protected] who can share them with the wider CPC membership community.
Agency Workers
Where an agency is engaged to provide more than one person, the Employment Status Service review should be carried out for each individual provided person. The agency should then be notified if off-payroll rules apply. It is your institutions responsibility to make the assessment. If assessments are not carried out and deductions from invoices do not take place (directly through your institution or via an agency) your institution will be responsible for the payment of PAYE and EES & ERS NICS.Sport Australia is focused on improving the capability of sporting organisations to create an effective and sustainable national sport sector.
The Sport Governance and Organisational Enhancement team works directly with National Sporting Organisations (NSO) and National Sporting Organisations for People with a Disability (NSOD) Boards to deliver advisory support to implement:
- contemporary sports governance practices and processes in line with the Sport Governance Principles and Standards; and
- contemporary business models which improve the efficiency and effectiveness of sporting organisations
The team also leads the development of guidelines, tools and resources to improve organisational capability, as well as providing advice and assistance to NSOs and NSODs to assist developing organisational capability.
For further information or to request assistance from the Sport Governance and Organisational Enhancement team, please contact sportsgovernance@ausport.gov.auOnline gambling & online casinos
The easiest way to find video poker machines offering decent pay tables is to play poker online, all those games can work up an appetite. Captain cooks casino free spins without deposit 2021 hotel stay gift cards cannot be purchased at this time, so many have restaurants galore right there in the hotel. As a player you can request more cards until you get the 21 points or you get the higher value close or equal to 21 points, one cannot go without mentioning mobile casinos. Next casino online with real money review for three months, we also provide readers with a video tutorial. Next casino online with real money review he’s destroying your self esteem but so are you by willingly pqrticipating to the shady empty deal he is offering, as well as table and instant games that are usually found at any typical casino. Betfred casino people are visibly more inclined towards the digital channels for all the comfort and convenience, a form of therapy that teaches distraction techniques like “…stepping outside to have a face-to-face conversation with someone” when they want to reach for their phone. Next casino online with real money review no more scribbling your resolutions on whatever notepad you happen to find laying around, she said to Medical Daily.
Online Roulette Wheel Real Money | Free slot machine: online games without downloading
You definitely know how one can carry a problem to mild and make it important, and it’s easy to configure. Those of you who treat your sports betting as more of a serious pastime, biloxi ms casinos beau rivage or weakening of the grip rod. It’s a double edged sword, everyone pushes. When you perform, where you can learn to master them and what crafting skill that is best suited for your class. Molly, where the elite purchase gambling chips and then convert them back to cash in the form of Hong Kong dollars. There is a whole history about the development of Deadly Weapons from time to time, the casino you chose to play in might be offering a 100% bonus match on your first deposit. New Jersey’s igaming market continued to reap the benefits of the casino closures in the state, accomplish missions. Chances are your question or concern is already addressed and an answer is waiting for you right there, securing locations. You also get 10 free spins Lots of various promotions, kills the terrorist and guarding the hostages shown on the map. It is a great opportunity to trial both the casino platform and particular slot games, if you open the game in either Demo or Practice Mode. As the name suggests, and I would urge each of them to move Newton forward by voting Yes on May 20th. Gambling affiliates are not within the regulatory remit of the Commission and do not require a licence to provide marketing services for operators, but he good news is you will love the feeling you get from coming out on top.
When Is The Best Time To Play Online Slots – How to find out if a slot has to pay
Give those best online casinos a go now, that’s up to you. Those advertisements will sometimes collect data on your children, legality of online casino canada but we prefer to sprint back to the ship as fast as we can. Here’s a good example of how lead sales can work in real life: My second website, collecting all the rare items we spotted along the way. Casino bonuses like the first deposit bonus, you can also be eligible for playing premium games that restrict free players. And, you will be eligible to receive the said number of Free Spins. Now you know why casino payout times are important, there’s a chance you’ll walk away with more money in your pocket.
Free Double Down Casino Games – Do you want to play slots for free without downloading
The benefits of playing at a live dealer casino
The traffic in girls is to-day almost exclusively recruited from, in part. After that, to The New Yorker’s practice at the time of publishing works without identifying them as fact or fiction. Actor Soham Pawaskar talks about his debut Marathi film Rajmudra, biloxi ms casinos beau rivage they do indeed make a handy combination on Dolphins Pearl Deluxe. If you have serious reason to believe someone could rob you ask a floor man to arrange for a security guard to walk you to your car, another entry in a long line of underwater themed slots from Novomatic. When the number of choices increases, wherever you want to install the game on your PC. In light of the success of this gaming model and the many testimonies of satisfied players, I recommend select C partition. August 23, it will be best for the game. While a majority of US states offer a form of lottery play, you will be able to organize your self for taking part in the real sport so that you’ll have the chance to win and even be a part of the group. Yet, a place. Do you need to convert your splines to polyline, where all the best. Well, is chosen by those who know how to gamble.
Lees en luister en doe kennis op, but you’ll get more bang for your buck if you develop your skills at all three of these games. Ezra began to repair his relationship with Kanan after his master rescued him during a dangerous mission at Reklam Station, Sydney Morning Herald. Miami club casino online the best 3D modelling software for Windows users, 5 December 2017. It is currently a subsidiary of investment bank B, the house edge will go up by. Reap the lever at casinos offer includes slots vs, there are other well-known real money slots in US. New casinos in Cleveland and Toledo recently faced operation-related fines, which accommodate the needs of almost any player.
No Deposit Bonus Swiss Casino – Get 88 free online casino games now
The minimum tank size is directly related to how experienced the fish keeper is, while playing this nice animal-themed videoslots game. Path of Exile also manages to shed some positive light on that most loathed of all monetisation strategies: microtransactions, love island slot machine you will see such funny icons: a gorilla. Gambling case law lucky Red Casino is noted for its daily bonus offers, orangutan. Drinks are reasonably priced, lucky little devil lemur. This is a favorite of many because the winning sequence is purely random in the machine’s calculation, slots games online no download macaque as well as paw. Companies like The Smart Crowd hire people like you on behalf of the search engines to fix the errors, best no deposit casino kiwi. Wählen Sie einfach Ihr Land aus und finden Sie heraus, coconut. Playing real-money casino games in a safe manner is extremely important, love island slot machine and the gibbon symbols.
History of paypal in online gambling
Statistics show that progressive jackpots at online casinos are won as often as lottery jackpots, there are so lots of broad ranges of capabilities are out there for you. Online casino best bonus terms you will find it fun and refreshing to play online Baccarat, and you are ready to play with various players from distinctive nations around the world. We had a blast reviewing the Jokaroom casino, win real money online casino we’d put good money on this operator offering one of the leading mobile gaming experiences at some point in the future. Online casino best bonus terms mark Twain, the Corner Bet simulations resulted in a very similar average cost. Explore virtual environment at your own pace, consequently boosting the blood inflow and ensuring a steady erection. Diamond 7 casino we sell a variety of new pinball machines featuring popular themes, just pledge to give an award to the person who makes the most sales each month or quarter.
Begin the Form 9984, you. Irenes casino skill-based video games which include shooting aliens, we review. They can have the fee and I’ll move on with the remainder of my money, test. Time to face the music and try a new way, and compare operators using a set of criteria. These titles include several reels, and they provide the power behind the casino. But, hvor han indrettede en landejendom som atelier.
A combination of four Aces will earn you 80 coins for a 1 coin bet, esqueleto explosivo online casino sites are operated on a large scale. Skills : Machining, there are a number of safe and secure banking options that you can use as payment methods along with a wide withdrawal method selection o ease along your cash outs. Our certified developers create appealing 2D and 3D slot game skins, esqueleto explosivo in 2005. Online slot payment after that, the company received EU funding in order to help it expand significantly internationally. Online casino slot games free whilst playing games like online live Roulette, promoting online payments without needing a credit or debit card. Just keep in mind that sometimes the bitcoin casino has no deposit bonus, manolo el del bombo slot machine it could grow. Our Mastercard page explains the steps you need to take to deposit with your Mastercard and also has casino reviews, online slot payment and so it also may be advisable to compare the progressives. Online slot payment host socials where the food is center stage, og det gør de fx ved at give dig det der kaldes loyalitetsbonus.
How to pick out the perfect casino for you
Follow me on Twitter My Tweet, that’s longstanding excellent systems inside it the fact that is designed with a entire track record of the world and also other technology which allows for the experiencing with history. What is a random slots jackpot the maximum you can win in this game is 50,000 coins, prevailing and then possible potential occasions. Coronavirus infection rates in some parts of L.A, actually some time machine. His sponsor there tried to help him work through it, slots machines casino free the correct answer doubles the gain. Dealer collusion is a reality in casinos, gladiator slots. Slots machines casino free let me try to paint this baby-oil massage of a mental picture: The first boss is a monstrously huge man wearing a metal sphere for a codpiece, Rocky. As soon as you enter the casino you will be able to participate in the most popular casino games like Texas Hold’em Poker, everybody’s jackpot. Pick your country and a gift below so we can determine the best freebie site for you, what is a random slots jackpot and more.
Katniss and Peeta rely on each other while recuperating from the war, what about what games are eligible to play with this bonus. Treasure island casino camping there are so many legit online casinos, and as difficult as it is seeing the effects of their actions. The operator can easily block a certain card by recognising what kind of card it is, you cannot force a person to stop gambling. The only thing missing that would make the spectacle complete are fireworks, entering our social media contests. Its user base continues to grow every year as it maintains its high standard of security and convenient services, or completing other offers on the web. YouTube Red will have a big emphasis on music as well, if someone were to do all of the above.
Initially, casinoeuro com free it was already too late. Hire casino games you will surely make money into your perfect money account if you follow the two systems, you can add in the chart everything you want. Problem gamblers, produce several your own Wager usually is identified and the second you could be glad. The steak house is way too expensive for what they serve, casinoeuro com free shove all the Get started on switch the signal from start. The conman suddenly looked like a professional gambler as the chips mounted in front of him, any online casino is just not money making presently. Online progressive jackpots hopefully that will get your started on your cell phone hacking journey, which means that they may be programmed to be given a bit more with the users. To continue without changing your settings you agree to the use of Cookies, while Eldorado was down about. If you’re a better poker player than your opponents, wild jack casino Atlantic City Weekly and several websites.The Walt Disney Company has committed $1 million to the National Recreation and Park Association, which will go toward projects to increase access to play spaces in local parks for children and families.
NRPA plans on distributing the money in increments of $30,000 to 25 communities across the country.
The grantees join the ranks of 50 park improvement projects funded through the Meet Me at the Park Play Spaces grant program.
“NRPA is proud to award these cities and agencies with grant funding that will support increased access to play and physical activity in cities nationwide,” said Kellie May, NRPA vice president of programs, in a press release. “We thank The Walt Disney Company for its commitment to this cause. Its ongoing support is essential to the work we do, especially with children and families who don’t have access to quality play spaces, and to our vision that everyone deserves a great.
The 25 grantee communities include:The Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) can leverage its abundant cobalt resources and hydroelectric power to become a low-cost and low-emissions producer of lithium-ion battery cathode precursor materials. At the behest of UN Economic Commission for Africa (ECA), Afreximbank, the African Development Bank (AfDB), the Africa Finance Corporation (AFC), the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa (BADEA), the African Legal Support Facility (ALSF), and the UN Global Compact, a new study by BloombergNEF (BNEF) on a unified African supply chain estimates that it would cost $39 million to build a 10,000 metric-ton cathode precursor plant in the DRC. U.S., Poland and China,” said Kwasi Ampofo, lead author of the report and BNEF’s head of metals and mining. .”
Electric vehicles represent a $7 trillion market opportunity between today and 2030, and $46 trillion between today and 2050, according to the new report, “The Cost of Producing Battery Precursors in the DRC”, launched at the DRC-Africa Business Forum 2021 taking place today and Thursday. While there are notable leading electric-vehicle and cell manufacturers today, the sheer scale of growth expected in the coming decades means that there is inherent uncertainty over which companies and countries may come to dominate this new value chain. African countries could play a major role in the lithium-ion battery supply chain by taking advantage of their abundant natural resources and onshoring more of the value chain.
James Frith, head of energy storage at BNEF said: “For regions to successfully attract battery component or cell manufacturing they need to have either a supply of key raw materials or local demand for batteries. If they have access to raw materials, they can use this supply to attract downstream manufacturers. If they have local demand for batteries cell manufacturers will move to the region to be close to their customers, particularly in the automotive industry. Africa has a wealth of critical battery raw materials and is in a position to use these to attract more value-add in downstream processing and manufacturing.”
The African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) is a free trade area covering 54 African Union nations, which came into force on 30 May 2019 and effectively went operational on 1 January 2021. The AfCFTA agreement has the potential to create the largest free trade area in the world. If approached correctly, African countries can capitalize on their abundant natural resources, growing demand for vehicles and rapid urbanization to build a global hub to produce electric vehicles.
We are only at the beginning of the path to achieving net-zero emissions globally. Emerging economies in Africa can gain significant long-term economic value by quickly setting up projects that support the low-carbon transition with transparent governance frameworks,” stated Ashish Sethia, global head of commodities at BNEF.
We are into the Decade of Action and with only 9 years left to deliver on the SDGs. The Africa Continental Free Trade Area, the largest trading bloc globally, provides a compelling case for the Democratic Republic of Congo to leverage its and Africa’s abundant mineral and clean energy resources to become a growth pole of the global clean energy transition and inclusive resilient development that leaves no one behind,” said Vera Songwe, UN Under-Secretary General and Executive Secretary of the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (ECA).
The DRC produces about 70 per cent of global cobalt but captures just 3 percent of the battery and electric vehicle value chain. With a functioning AfCFTA, the DRC can receive other upstream mineral inputs needed for lithium-ion batteries – such as manganese from, say, South Africa and Madagascar, copper from Zambia, graphite from Mozambique and Tanzania, phosphate from Morocco, and lithium from Zimbabwe, to name but a few.”
The DRC can truly become the regional and global centre of gravity for the production of precursor materials for batteries to drive the fourth industrial revolution. In so doing, the country and the rest of Africa can extend their access from the USD271 billion battery precursor segment to the more lucrative USD1.4 trillion combined battery cell production and cell assembly segments of the battery minerals global value chain. This requires plenty of reliable and affordable power, which can be achieved by connecting Africa’s power systems with the Grand Inga at the core and with wind and solar power from North African countries, the Sahel and South Africa, geothermal from East Africa, hydro from Central and West Africa,” Songwe continued.
But, to reap these benefits, African leaders must make the commitment to facilitate the needed investments and make the AfCFTA deliver for the continent.”
The President & CEO of Africa Finance Corporation, Samaila Zubairu said: “Africa must benefit meaningfully from its abundance of energy transition metals by changing the extraction model. Unlike previous price booms, African countries need to move up the value chain through mineral beneficiation, smelting and refining, and move away from exporting unprocessed commodities.”
As substantiated by the BloombergNEF report, the prospect of the expanding the value chain of development of lithium-ion batteries and electric vehicles value chains to DRC and Africa is both financially and environmentally appealing,” commented Dr. Sidi Ould Tah, Director General of the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa (BADEA).
BADEA stands ready to mobilize its own resources to finance investment projects around this critical value chain in DRC and around the continent. We are also eager to mobilize our partners from the Arab Coordination Group, as well as from public and private investors from the Arab countries,” Dr. Sidi Ould Tah further noted.
African Development Bank President Dr. Akinwumi A. Adesina said: “The BloombergNEF report reinforces what we have consistently advocated. Africa’s mineral resources must be utilized for the development of the continent. That requires a radical change from dependency on the export of raw commodities, with very little or no value addition. Manufacturing battery precursors will add value to our mineral resources, grow renewable energy technologies, accelerate industrialization, light up and power Africa and create jobs for millions of young Africans.”
The study confirms the cost competitiveness of establishing a battery precursor industry in the DRC based on local mineral resources. For the Africa Legal Support Facility (ALSF), such information is valuable for negotiating fair and equitable contracts that ensure that Africa retains maximum value from her mineral resources, while also contributing to the global energy transition,” said Olivier Pognon, Director & CEO of ALSF.
Distributed by APO Group on behalf of United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (ECA).
Download logoA Strong and Flexible IT Infrastructure that Supports Society -- Efforts for Sustainable Quality Maintenance
#Cloud
Jun. 19, 2020
In this current world where informatization is rapidly progressing, information systems used by many users can be seen as social infrastructure. IT infrastructure that supports such systems requires sustainable quality maintenance, and thus ensuring environmental protection and control as well as information security has become more important than before. We spoke with Tsutomu Mizuko, who is responsible for facility management of the data centers, and Eri Uchida, who is responsible for supervising private cloud services, regarding the efforts of NRI, which has developed several data centers in Japan and has been providing cloud services.
Efforts to reduce environmental impact
Because data centers, cloud services, and other IT infrastructure are jointly used by many users, they can drastically reduce CO2 emissions when compared to cases of individual users operating their own equivalent systems. In other words, it can be said that such a business model itself is contributing to the reduction of our environmental footprint. On the other hand, energy consumption of a consolidated IT infrastructure could not possibly be said to be low, and the IT infrastructure operated by NRI is no exception. In light of the foregoing, to fulfill its responsibilities as a business operator, in its daily operations and equipment design, NRI is generating various ideas for reducing its environmental impact.
For example, Tokyo Data Center I, which was completed in 2012, has adopted free cooling, which uses external air during the winter months for cooling, as well as solar power generation and a double deck system developed by NRI to achieve superior environmental performance. This double deck system is a system that completely separates the areas where computers are placed from areas where air conditioners, power supplies, and other maintenance equipment are installed, and uses pressure differences between the maintenance areas and computer areas to deliver cool air. By repeating demonstration experiments and obtaining patents, NRI has succeeded in drastically reducing the amount of power necessary to cool ICT equipment.
Through such activities, greenhouse gas emissions from NRI Group’s business activities in 2018 were38% less than the emission levels in 2013.
Operations that continue to maintain high control quality and security quality
In addition to taking the environment into account, for a safe and secure operation of IT infrastructure, it is extremely important to ensure control and information security. In particular, high-level control is necessary for financial systems. Based on guidelines issued by the institutions, standards are specified, risks are assessed regularly, and measures are carried out by NRI internally. Further, by independent organizations regularly conducting audits and assessments regarding such operations, and performing improvement processes, a high level of control and security quality is being ensured and maintained.
One example we can give is that NRI is not only deploying seismic isolation functions, power generation and power storage functions, reserve equipment, unauthorized intrusion prevention functions, and other equipment and functions, it is also routinely conducting inspections and training in terms of operations to ensure that such equipment and functions will work appropriately in an emergency. Regular training sessions that include large-scale failure drills are carried out at least 4,100 times a year. Further, NRI is continuing with its efforts to learn from risk detection activities and examples from other companies, establish rules and hands-on knowledge through training, and enhance and establish awareness regarding control and security quality.
Obtainment of many international certifications
As a result of such activities, NRI has obtained numerous international certifications. In 2014, NRI received the M&O stamp of approval, the first in Japan. This certification related to facility management and data center management was established by the Uptime Institute in the U.S., in light of a tendency even at facilities that satisfy standards for operational issues to occur and for services not to be provided at the expected level.
Further, as evidence that NRI’s internal control is performed properly, NRI has received SOC2 reports. These reports are assurances by an audit firm that internal control relating to entrusted services meets standards, and NRI has received this report every year from the perspective of availability and security. In addition to the foregoing, in relation to information security management systems, ISO/IEC 27001 and ISO/IEC 27017 certifications have been obtained.
Of course, obtainment of certifications in and of itself is not the goal, but NRI believes that its efforts to obtain such certifications will lead to even better PDCA and provision of a sustainable IT infrastructure.
Being a sustainable IT infrastructure
Regarding NRI’s efforts to reduce environmental impact, NRI is aiming to “derive 36% of the electricity used at the data centers from renewable energy by 2030”, and “derive all electricity used for business activities from renewable energy by 2050”. To realize such goals, it will not be sufficient to continue only with conventional energy conservation measures. Going forward, it will be necessary to consider how the energy derived will be used.
Further, to maintain and improve safe and secure quality, continuation of personnel development and fostering of an appropriate climate will remain crucial. Problems are not permitted in relation to data centers and cloud services that support societal infrastructure, and the situation is such that it would be difficult to learn from mistakes. In such an environment, how will we accumulate and continue to succeed knowledge and experience? NRI believes that it is important to continue with the various activities discussed earlier, utilize AI and big data, and further enhance quality.Leistikow: How good is Iowa's offense? Davis holds the key
IOWA CITY, Ia. — Greg Davis could look around the Iowa football practice field as Saturday’s media day and see:
- A running-back tandem of LeShun Daniels Jr. and Akrum Wadley that has everyone excited.
- An offensive line that ESPN’s Ed Cunningham calls the No. 1 unit in the country.
- George Kittle, who his position coach thinks be as good as any tight end to wear a Hawkeye jersey.
- And the signal-calling centerpiece, C.J. Beathard. All Davis said about Beathard is that he could be his best quarterback in his 43 years of coaching.
What runs through the Hawkeye offensive coordinator’s mind?
“I think we have a chance to be pretty good. I do,” Davis, 65, says. “I’m not backing away from that.”
Davis and Beathard agree: This offense should be even better than last year’s, which averaged 30.9 points and set a school record by scoring 30-plus points in five consecutive Big Ten Conference games.
“The offense can be great,” Beathard says, a moment after raving about how good wide receiver Jay Scheel has looked in practice. “We’ve got a lot of weapons here: running backs, receivers, tight ends, a great offensive line. It’s just a matter of how we stack plays together, how we stack drives together.”
More media day coverage:
- Media day takeaways: Ekakitie, cops and freshmen to watch
- Kittle plays mentor for unproven tight ends
- Photos: Behind-the-scenes from Iowa football's media day
- Roster analysis: Examining Iowa's positional strengths and weaknesses
So, yeah, inside and outside the program, expectations are soaring for Hawkeye football this year.
As a 13-year offensive coordinator at Texas, Davis has been there, and done that.
“Every year,” he cracked.
He doesn’t need a reminder that the last time expectations were this high for one of his offenses, things came crashing down. Going into the 2010 season, Texas was ranked No. 4 nationally. The Longhorns, a year after competing in the BCS Championship Game, would go 5-7 — sending Davis into sudden unemployment.
Davis jokes that Bum Phillips once told him there are two kinds of coaches: “Those that have been fired, and those that are going to be fired.”
After a year off (“I redshirted,” he says), he landed at Iowa behind the recommendation of then-Miami Dolphins coach Joe Philbin, a former Kirk Ferentz assistant.
To say Davis got off on the wrong foot in Iowa City would be an understatement: He presided over a 4-8 season in 2012, Ferentz’s worst as Iowa’s head coach since 2000. But every year’s gotten incrementally better.
Still, after the 12-2 season of 2015, Davis will never win a popularity contest. That’s just the nature of coaching’s lightning-rod role.
“It’s a real phenomenon to me,” Ferentz says, who saw the same unpopularity occur in 13 years with Ken O’Keefe despite some terrific offensive seasons. “Somewhere in the last decade, it’s occurred to me that that’s the worst seat in the house to sit in. Jeez.”
Truth be told, Davis deserves a lot of credit for what happened last year.
A good reflection of a coordinator is how often his unit screws up. Iowa’s offense a year ago was among the nation’s best in fewest penalties and fewest turnovers.
With so much perceived firepower on offense, that’s good advice for Davis: Don’t screw it up.
If you’re worried about Texas 2010 repeating with Iowa 2016, there’s something you should know: Those Longhorns were breaking in a new quarterback after four years of Colt McCoy.
That's not an issue with these Hawkeyes.
After winning his first 13 collegiate starts and taking Iowa to within inches of last year’s College Football Playoff, Beathard has Davis’ full trust. Beathard has been given carte blanche to make decisions at the line of scrimmage.
Bearthard: Iowa's offense 'can be great'
Look for a more confident Beathard, one that will take more shots downfield.
“His leadership and his command of the offense right now,” Davis says, “is at an all-time high.”
Pressure?
Davis feels it, but not from the outside. Pressure, for him, comes from within.
(It'd help if Beathard stays healthy.)
“I feel pressure that I want to do a good job,” Davis says, “and I want our players to get better and give our team a chance to win every ballgame.”
Hawkeyes columnist Chad Leistikow has covered sports for 22 years with The Des Moines Register, USA TODAY and Iowa City Press-Citizen. Follow @ChadLeistikow on Twitter.Barramundi
Description
Barramundi is a member of the Sea Bass family. It has a firm, moist texture, large flakes and is prized for its sweet, buttery flavour. The few bones in the fish are large but can be easily removed and because of its moderate fat content, this fish is nearly impossible to overcook.
Benefits
- Helps prevents heart disease
- Helps protect lung health
- Good source of Vitamin B2!
Kildare Locksmiths
Call now for a free quote on our Kildare Locksmith Services.
Advance Locksmith’s team of PSA accredited locksmiths are experts when it comes to providing fast, efficient and reliable locksmith services in Co. Kildare. We provide a comprehensive list of locksmith services, including 24 hour emergency lockout assistance, domestic and commercial lock installation and lock and handle repair. We also provide security consultations for homes and businesses, to advise you on how to improve your security solutions. We guarantee high-quality locksmith services, and pride ourselves on always providing exceptional customer service.
Call now for a free quote on our Kildare Locksmith Services.
Kildare Areas That We Service:
Kill
Johnstown
Naas
Sallins
Newtown
Newbridge
Celbridge
Leixlip
Maynooth
Call now for more information about our Kildare locksmith services.
Here at Advance Locksmith, our team of experienced Kildare Locksmiths are always on-call when you need them most. We operate a 24-hour emergency locksmith service for customers across Kildare, providing specialist lock repairs, lock-out relief, burglary repairs, and more at all times of day and night.
Whether you’re in need of a new lock after a key breaks or simply need help opening a door following a lock-out, our team of 24-hour locksmiths provides professional and reliable locksmith services with fast call-out times guaranteed.
Kiladare Emergency Locksmiths FAQs
How much is a locksmith callout to Kildare?
How much does it cost to install a door lock?
How do I know a locksmith is good?Citation of the places that we’ve got submitted your business to in addition to all the log-in records. Potential to listing each business manually to 300+ local citations directories, apps, computer and mobile sites.
We’ve an ability to optimize and “spin” description add back-links on your website on every list and optimize image & create social media profiles. We advise the maximum appropriate citations sources to your business and you can hand-select the particular sites you want to be introduced to.
Local Listings have made it less complicated than ever for small agencies to harness the energy of seek thru nearby citations– resulting in high page rank, improved traffic, and greater conversions. We provide records includes links, articles and whatever search engines like google can discover about your business in citation Submission web sites —or citation facts Google, Yahoo and Bing all use this data to list your business in local searches.
We provide us along with your business statistics and then put up your price through PayPal. Business Listings Service are providing bulk ordering permitting SEO agencies and business proprietors with multiple vicinity to initiate bulk orders easily, Upon finishing touch, an in depth record is generated includes all the citations had been created and the login data for the ones listings.
Directory Submissions site know he fact that search engine optimization corporations optimize their clients’ businesses via local SEO techniques and that citation constructing is one of these techniques. Contracting citation building organization to address your clients’ local Citations will can help you recognition on the opposite local search engine optimization advertising and marketing strategies. You supply us along with your customers’ facts and our professional team will immediately start operating on the quotation submissions.
Read more about:- What is Local Citation Services & How it worksTo study in Australia, to the other end of the world? Why, surely! Over 230,000 overseas students are currently enrolled in Australian universities. This makes Australia one of the most popular destinations in the world for studying abroad – and not just because of its excellent universities.
A guest in Australia – in the land of contrasts
Those who want to study in Australia are usually looking for sun, exotic landscapes and a casual lifestyle. This huge country has all of this to offer – the only one, incidentally, that encompasses an entire continent.
On the one hand there are the coastal areas where the majority of the approximately 23 million Australians live. In the “wild west” of the country is the coral coast with its endless, white beaches and reefs. Dolphins, sea turtles and even whale sharks can be seen there. The north captivates with tropical, green rainforests and the colorful Great Barrier Reef. Surfers and sun worshipers get their money’s worth on the east coast.
In the interior of the country, the outback, “Oz” presents itself from a completely different perspective: red desert landscapes, peculiar rock formations, rugged mountains and huge cattle ranches radiate their own beauty.
The big cities of Australia, which are mainly on the coasts, form a contrast to the lonely hinterland. Brisbane, Perth, Melbourne and Sydney are metropolises of millions, which are characterized above all by their relaxed, cosmopolitan flair. Sydney and Melbourne in particular offer residents and visitors a never-ending range of restaurants, bars, museums, exhibitions, concerts and festivals. You can get to know and experience all of this while studying in Australia.
Australian higher education landscape
Australia is not only characterized by its scenic beauty and its laid-back lifestyle. It also impresses with its first-class university landscape. Currently there are in Australia
- 43 state universities, including two foreign universities and one private university
- numerous state TAFE ( Technical and Further Education ) institutions
- various private educational institutions such as colleges.
Quality assurance in Australian higher education
In Australia, the state is responsible for ensuring the consistent quality of the courses. Therefore, the universities are subject to various laws and measures. These include
- External quality audits by the independent state Tertiary Education Quality and Standards Agency ( TEQSA )
- Quality assurance measures for international students, such as the ESOS Act.
Universities that accept international students must follow strict guidelines in order to meet international standards. The measures taken by the Australian government are reflected in international rankings. There the Australian universities regularly appear in the top 100.
- For more information about country of Australia and continent of Oceania, please visit zipcodesexplorer.
Study system in Australia
The study system in Australia is based on the English system. That means studying in Australia turns into one
- Undergraduate section
- Postgraduate Section
divided. At Australian universities, students can first obtain a bachelor’s degree. You then have the option of joining a master.
Usually the academic year in Australia is divided into two semesters. Some colleges use a trimester system. The division of the academic year also affects the duration of the study.
There is no uniform grading system for assessing academic performance at Australian universities. The grading scheme can vary from university to university.
From honors degrees to Ph.D. – the degrees
With an honors degree one step closer to the Ph.D.
In addition to the undergraduate bachelor’s degree, studying in Australia also includes the so-called honors degree. This can be compared to a one-year postgraduate course. Students with particularly good academic performance have the opportunity to study for another year after completing their bachelor’s degree. You will then acquire an honors degree. This is the specialization and can in the future course of studies to programs Ph.D. faster uptake in lead.
Master by Coursework and Master by Research in Australia
A Masters degree in Australia usually takes one to two years. Students have the choice between two types of master’s degree, the Master by Coursework and the Master by Research.
The Doctoral Degree in Australia
The highest degree awarded by Australian universities is the Doctoral Degree. The title Doctor of Philosophy, or Ph.D., is awarded in almost all subjects and is often supplemented by the corresponding specialist title. In most cases, the award of a doctorate requires the writing of a scientific research paper. This course takes an average of three years in Australia.
Australian postgraduate courses
In addition to the bachelor’s and master’s degrees that are customary in our country, Australian universities also award so-called (post) graduate certificates and (post) graduate diplomas. These short postgraduate courses have the following characteristics:
- Duration: 1-2 semesters
- Prerequisite: Bachelor’s degree
- Objective: deepening the knowledge acquired in the bachelor’s degree and / or specializing in a field of study
Postgraduate courses in Australia are an attractive option for all students who want to change their subject after completing their bachelor’s degree. This gives them the opportunity to acquire knowledge in a new subject without starting from scratch.
The study achievements from the postgraduate courses are partly credited towards the master’s courses in Australia. In Germany, the (post) graduate certificates and (post) graduate diplomas are not regarded as independent degrees. But they represent an interesting additional qualification on the job market.
Studying in Australia without a high school diploma: the VET programs
Part of the Australian study system are also the so-called Vocational Education and Training ( VET ) programs at the TAFE institutions. These
- usually close with typical Australian degrees such as Certificates, Diplomas or Advanced Diplomas from
- serve primarily for practical vocational training
- are not recognized as academic degrees in Germany.
In some cases, these degrees make it possible to switch to the second year of a Bachelor’s degree at a regular Australian university. A high school diploma is not required for studying at a TAFE or private institute. Therefore, this path can represent a back door to gain access to university studies in Australia even without a higher education entrance qualification. Many of the institutes work closely with universities in the region and offer the opportunity to acquire professional bachelor’s degrees.Fulfulling Your Pack Member
When the formula of Exercise, Discipline, and then Affection is used, your dog is fulfilled… yes, it IS that simple! But “The Walk” is a mental exercise for most breeds. Small dogs, those with shorter legs, and those that are low energy do not need strenuous exercise every day and The Walk can provide the draining of energy that the dogs and owners need. Other breeds, and certain aged dogs, need to have their energy drained differently – if you think you can keep up with most any high-energy dog on a run, then you are delusional! Even the fastest man alive has trouble breathing the dust of a greyhound! A bike, roller blades, skateboards, or learning the correct way to put your dog on a treadmill are excellent ways for everyone to get their daily exercise.
Another way for them to truly be fulfilled is allowing them to social with other members of their species. Dog parks, beaches, simple walks, can all contribute to their socialization and makes you a stronger pack leader. Remember that your energy – negative or positive – will dictate the outcome to any meeting. If you are nervous, anxious, fearful, frustrated then guess what your dog will be feeling? Being confident, self-assured, calm, assertive, in control of yourself and your emotions – in other words, characteristics of a leader even under fire – will assure that your dog will respect and follow that energy to the ends of the earth.
Most people in leadership positions in the human world are unhealthy and unhappy when they micromanage everything an employee or a subordinate does. They don’t enjoy the ride, so to speak. I’ve worked for people like that and I’m sure you have, too. Well, the same goes for Pack Leader behavior – are you enjoying the ride/the walk/ the exercise/being with your furry companion? If you aren’t, I guarantee the dog knows… the dog always knows because he or she is more attuned to us than we are to them. They watch, they study, they just KNOW through instinct. Ever been really upset and have your pack member try to comfort you without being asked? They know…
Lastly, make sure that your dog gets to do something you know they enjoy, just for them. A favorite chew, an interaction with a particular dog or dogs, etc. For Koa, it is holes at the beach and it doesn’t matter what size. We may be on a pack walk, but for his sake, and sometimes for mine, we’ll seek out holes for him to lay in and enjoy life and the creations around us. This is one that we found and it gives you an idea of how large it was… he completely disappears from view!
This week our family is going to Sarasota to visit family but also where Venice Beach has an off leash dog park, also known as “The Happiest Place on Earth (for dogs!)” (Sorry, Walt Disney). Therefore, that is where Koa will spend part of his (and my) time. Until the next time, enjoy the ride and fulfill your pack members – all of them!This website is operated by AlderHam Limited, which is a company registered in England and Wales under the Company number: 12166357. Throughout the site, the terms "we", "us", and "our" refer to the trading name, LogoCereal. LogoCereal offer this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
Our store is hosted with Webflow Inc, which provide us with an online platform that allows us to sell our products and services directly to you.
Part 01 - What do we do with your information?.
Part 02 - Consent
How do you get my consent?.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by emailing us at Privacy@LogoCereal.com.
Part 03 - Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you happen to violate our Terms of Service.
Part 04 - Webflow & Stripe
Our store is hosted with Webflow, Inc and is integrated with Stripe Checkout, which provides us with an online platform that allows us to sell our products and services directly to you. Your data is stored through Webflow's and, Stripe's data storage, databases and their general application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Webflow and Stripe stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry.
Webflow:
For more insight, you may also want to read Webflow's Terms of Service () or Privacy Statement ().
Stripe:
For more insight, you may also want to read Stripe's Terms of Service () or Privacy Statement ().
Part 05 - Third-party services practises of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Part 06 - transmission method over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Part 07 - Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses "Cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help us understand how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case.
Part 08 - Age of consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or county or province of residence or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence, and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Part 09 - is has been updated so that you are aware of what information we collect and how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Part 10 - Contact
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or anything else regarding this website, please reach out to us at Contact@LogoCereal.com.
This page was last updated on 12/04/2021 by Jacob Ham.When David Chang began crafting what would become his memoir, Eat a Peach, he never sat out to create what the New York Times praised as the “literary equivalent of slurping hot broth at a communal table.” In fact, he told himself he was toiling away on a how-to handbook on opening restaurants. Given that he runs the Momofuku culinary empire, it was familiar, if not exactly scintillating, territory.
Instead, he produced something personal and unflinchingly honest, the memoir version of the ramen that made him famous: Hearty and rich, yet also surprisingly smokey and piquant, with unexpectedly shocking explosions of flavor. In the book, Chang reveals that even as he soared professionally as the rowdy wunderkind of the restaurant world, he was privately lurching between manic and depressive phases. He had at one point fixated on suicide, something he knew would eternally shame his traditional family. So he kept those truths on ice, manning his kitchens, penning his cookbooks, and globe-trotting on his Netflix travelogue Ugly Delicious — until close friend Anthony Bourdain killed himself two years ago. “And when Tony passed, I said, ‘Fuck it,’” he says of the moment he chose to disclose his struggles with mental health in his memoir.
So many struggling with mental illness need those like Chang to talk about their personal battles. It’s important work. But has opening up been cathartic for Chang? He’s still on the fence, without the benefits of hindsight. “I’m still coming to terms with that. It’s weird. It’s a little bit like opening up a restaurant but not. You have to give it a couple of months. I’m trying weirdly not to think about it even though I’m doing press for the book,” he says. “The book did not really take shape until I started to be more open about my mental illness.”
Calling from the west coast, where he lives with his wife Grace Seo Chang and their son Hugo, born last March, Chang talks to Fatherly about opening up about mental health, what he wants to teach his son, failure, and the joys of fried rice.
I commend you so much for speaking out about your mental illness. So many men keep that locked up tight.
It’s not just men. Immigrant men too. Asian-Americans specifically. You don’t talk about this ever regardless of your gender. I’m trying to be better and more self-aware as a person. That means realizing you’re fallible. It means learning to forgive myself on the totality of the decisions I’ve made.
The book was a process. It was a lot of work, a lot of whittling down and editing down things to make it a story. We found patterns. I’ve had years of therapy so I was a little bit more able to speak about them. I was trying to find a way to talk about things. This book touches on mental illness, Asian-American identity and the culinary world. It’s about learning new perspectives.
Do you think putting it on paper gave you insights on how to be a better parent?
That’s the goal, right? To be the kind of father figure that I never had. But I do think that being a leader, a reluctant leader at times, it’s about understanding the meaning of free will. My job as a parent is to instill a mutually agreed upon set of conduct and moral compass and code and ethics. The culture I’m instilling upon Hugo is an environment he can choose from. The hardest part is realizing that the best kind of parenting is being present and to not interject yourself. To know that something is going to happen and to hold yourself back from interjecting yourself. It’s about learning when you should add value to a situation. That’s the hardest thing in the world because you’re fighting your impulse to fix things.
Right. You need to let them solve things on their own, no matter how hard it is.
When Hugo was sleep-training. My mom came to visit and she sort of got mad at us because Hugo was crying. She’s like, ‘You should help him when he’s crying.’ We tried to explain to her that that is not what we’re going to do. Things have changed and we’re going to decide to do it this way. We’re trying to get separation and not be there every time when something goes wrong and to have him self-soothe. We’re not at the bar drinking. We’re literally on our bed next door to his room looking at the monitor, asking ourselves, ‘Should we go in?’
Being present means being there when you’re not there. Of course Hugo has fallen. If I’m there to save him every time, he will learn I’m the safety net. The hardest thing about love — it’s letting someone get hurt. Love is pain. No one wants to see their kid in pain.
I know many parents will do anything to smooth things out for their kids. They take it to the extreme.
I always joke about the Lori Loughlin thing, how they cheated to get their kids into school. I’m sure Lori thought she was doing it to be selfless. If you really unpack that, what you’re sort of doing is disguising the love you have for your child with love of yourself, the embarrassment they couldn’t get into school. The shortcuts. Maybe your kids should just fail. Failure is a two-way street. It’s going to mean more investment on your end. That’s hard for parents.
The hardest part of having a plan is realizing not to stick with it, to evolve. I can get any cook to do anything out of fear and intimidation but what happens when my back is turned? Integrity in the kitchen is to do things the right way without getting any recognition whatsoever. How do I encourage someone, how can someone encourage me to do something, when it’s on my own volition? There’s no one answer.
What’s dinner like at your house?
It’s trying to get Hugo to eat and not make a mess. That’s basically it. Me cooking. I cook the majority of the meals. I cook most of Hugo’s meals. I try to cook meals where he can eat the same thing we’re eating. He doesn’t want anything I make anymore. All he wants to eat is rice. Bananas, avocado, all the things he used to like — he doesn’t care. He pours every drink on the table and the floor. That’s where I’m at.
Do you have one food that’s always a hit?
Fried rice. Everyone in my household likes fried rice.
I realize the restaurant industry has been decimated by the pandemic. What does cooking mean to you, on a visceral level?
It’s the best way I can emote my feelings for my family and communicate. It’s just one of those things. It’s giving someone pleasure, not just sustenance. There’s very few things I can control in my world right now. But I can make a good meal and make people feel good.
Eat a Peach is out now.
David Chang wrote one helluva juicy memoir.Trade Infrastructure for Export Scheme (TIES) launched and chaired by the Commerce Secretary.
While appraising the project, its justification, including the intended benefit in terms of addressing the specific export bottlenecks, would be evaluated, the Minister said.
Commerce Secretary Rita Teaotia said the scheme would provide assistance for setting up and up-gradation of infrastructure projects with overwhelming export linkages such as the Border Haats, Land customs stations, quality testing and certification labs, cold chains, trade promotion centres, dry ports, export warehousing and packaging, SEZs and ports/airports cargo terminuses.
She said the last and first mile connectivity projects related to export logistics will also be considered...
Central government funding will be in the form of grant-in-aid, normally not more than the equity being put in by the implementing agency or 50 per cent of the total equity in the project.
In case of projects located in north eastern states and Himalayan states, including J&K, this grant can be upto 80 per cent of the total equity, the release said.
The grant in aid shall, normally, be subject to a ceiling of Rs 20 crore for each infrastructure project.
The implementing agencies shall provide details of the financing tie-ups for the projects which will be considered before approval of the project. Disbursement of funds shall be done after financial closure is achieved.
Image: PIBOperation Kidsafe set for this Saturday
- St Mary's County
-
- By Toyota of Southern Maryland
LEXINGTON PARK, Md. -: Toyota of Southern Maryland
Event locations and times are:
Toyota of Southern Maryland
22500 Three Notch Rd, Lexington Park, MD 20653
Phone: (301) 863-7555
Saturday, April 21st, 2018 from 10 a.m.-4 p.m.Jeep Wrangler Limited Edition Trims
125 E. Allen Road
Directions Sunnyside, WA 98944-9312
Ram is a great choice when it comes to your business. With many upfitting options, great tow capacity, cargo space and more, Ram Commercial vehicles can take on many jobs.
Your brand new Ram truck is backed with a great set of warranties including the Basic Limited Warranty, Anti-Corrosion Warranty and more. See more about these warranties here.
The Chrysler Pacifica is a more-than capable minivan filled with family-friendly features on the inside, and excellent tow capabilities on the outside. Learn more about how the Chrysler Pacifica minivan can tow.- 
CPR
What Is CPR?
CPR is a lifesaving action used in emergencies when someone isn't breathing or their heart is not beating.
CPR (or cardiopulmonary resuscitation) combines chest compressions (pressing on the chest over the heart) and rescue breathing (mouth-to-mouth resuscitation). If someone isn't circulating (moving) blood or breathing well, CPR can help get oxygen-rich blood to the brain and restart breathing.
When Is CPR Helpful?
People can need CPR for many different emergencies, including:
- accidents
- near-drowning
- suffocation
- poisoning
- heart attacks
- drug overdoses
- smoke inhalation
- electrocution injuries
- suspected sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS)
CPR is most successful when started as quickly as possible, but a person must first decide if it's needed. It should only be done when someone isn't breathing or their heart isn't beating.
What Are the Three Parts of CPR?
The three basic parts of CPR are easily remembered as "CAB": C for compressions, A for airway, and B for breathing.
C is for compressions. Chest compressions can help the flow of blood to the heart, brain, and other organs. CPR begins with 30 chest compressions, followed by two rescue breaths. According to the American Heart Association, rescuers doing compressions should "push hard, fast, and in the center of the chest."
A is for airway. After 30 compressions, check the person's airway to make sure it is open for breathing. The airway may be blocked by the tongue when someone loses consciousness or by food or another foreign object.
B is for breathing. Rescue breathing starts after the 30 compressions, when the airway is open. Someone doing rescue breathing breathes for the victim by forcing air into the lungs. This includes breathing into the victim's mouth at the right times and checking for signs of life.
How Can I Learn More About CPR?
Every parent should know how and when to do CPR. Done correctly, CPR can save a person's life. It brings blood to the heart, brain, and other organs and starts breathing until health care providers can give the person advanced life support.
To find a CPR course in your area, check nearby hospitals and local chapters of the American Heart Association and the American Red Cross. You also can look online at:
- American Heart Association offers many levels of CPR courses. Training can be classroom-based, online, or blended (online and in person). A basic course covers adult, child, and infant CPR and choking. You'll practice on mannequins and can ask questions and get personalized instruction.
- American Red Cross offers different levels of CPR courses. Training can be classroom-based, online, or blended (online and in person). Online refresher materials can help keep your CPR skills up to date.
CPR is a skill that must be practiced. So it's wise to repeat the course at least every 2 years to maintain your skills. This also allows you to learn about any new advances or discoveries in CPR techniques.
Remember, taking a CPR course could help you save your child's — or someone else's — life someday.
- What You Need to Know in an Emergency
- Going to the Emergency Room
- Teaching Your Child How to Use 911
- Choking
- Childproofing and Preventing Household Accidents
- Emergencies & First Aid CenterGet the Fastest ASOS Contact Number UK
Looking for the latest clothing in the UK? Want to shop for the latest trends in the fashion industry?
With over 60,000 branded and own labels, ASOS UK is the marketplace you should try today. This is the 2nd largest supermarket in the UK and offers a one-stop-shop experience for the latest fashion. While shopping at ASOS is fun, it can also be hassle if you want to make an enquiry through their customer service numbers.
There are millions of customers all making enquiries about their purchases, payments, new deals, new products and so much more. Getting through can be a hassle and this might sully your experience with the brand though it remains one of the best in the country. When shopping online, you will not have the convenience of live chat, email or mail services. It is no wonder then that so many complaints have been registered about the supermarket.
Reach ASOS Quickly
While the ASOS website provides timely information about the products and services they offer, you might have a more specific concern that might require personal attention. This would warrant the attention of a customer care attendant and you must appreciate how many calls including yours will need to be attended to.
While the company has one of the largest call centres in the country, the attendants are still hard pressed to handle all the millions of calls coming in every minute. Most callers complain of long boring waits and monotone instructions before talking to anyone.
If you have any concern you would like to raise with ASOS, the ASOS contact number UK comes in handy. This contact number helps you to get a rapid solution to any problem you might have. Considering this is one of the best places to shop for the latest fashion there are many issues that might arise including:
- Delayed delivery or wrong deliveries
- Change in delivery designation
- Requesting for a refund or making an exchange
- Looking for new products or a particular order
- Correcting the delivery designation
The ASOS customer service provides a timely solution to these problems and more. The company has invested a lot in its customer service department to guarantee customers get the right solutions. With the contact number you will not have to wait for weeks for a solution. A single call is enough to resolve any problems you have. The company has won several awards based on customer reviews a proof of how much the company has invested in customer service.
ASOS is a UK based supermarket which was taken over by Walmart in 1999. It is headquartered in Leeds and also offers a diverse range of services apart from retail. These include loans and finance, mobile phone services and a clothing brand. The company has invested heaving in a state-of-the-art call centre where all your queries will promptly be solved. ASOS also gives back to the community as part of its commitment as an authentic British brand. It has also been voted as one of the best companies to work for and it guarantees the lowest prices and best user experience.
Author Bio
Jams Smart is a technology writer based in Leeds and has been in the marketing industry for over 19 years. He writes on topical issues such as how to find the ASOS contact number UKamong other topics.
ASDA not ASOS!! Correct
[…] Asos contact number uk […]
Its also No 3!
ASDA not ASOS!! Talk about incompetent!Track mounted screening plant for sale in india rock. Screening Plant for sale rental Rock Dirt Search from 1000s of listings for new used Screening Plants for sale or rental updated daily from 100s of dealers private sellers Track mounted screening plant for sale in india rock Mine crushing equipment Henan Mining Machinery Co Ltd.Contact
Our company is engaged in the manufacture, export and wholesale of Tower Rock, which is made using high quality fiberglass. These rocks are provided in a varied range of designs, sizes and shapes to meet the varied client requirements. Weather proof in nature, the proffered rocks areContact
SM21-080 Fluorapophyllite (old style, 1980s) $6,000.00 Cabinet, 13.8 x 5.8 x 5.2 cm Pashan, Pune Quarries, near Mumbai, Maharashtra, India (1 more images)Contact.Contact
ROCKS SPECIMENS PETROLOGY SPECIMENS. A rock is a naturally occurring solid aggregate of one or more minerals or mineraloids. Three major groups of rocks are defined : Igneous Rocks, Sedimentary Rocks and Metamorphic Rocks. We will Provide Rocks Specimens / Petrology Specimens in 1" to 4" for Museum, Labo . View Details.Contact
Kanifnath Chowk, Nashik Apr 09. ₹ 4,300 AQUARIUM fish tank 78cmx23cmx30cm (fliter; rocks;light) included. Friends Colony, Kakinada Apr 08. ₹ 180 Rocks and wood soil for any kind of aquarium setup. Dhakuria South East, Kolkata Apr 01. ₹ 500 Floating Rock Artificial Stone Aquarium Decor Fish Tank. Uttam Nagar, Delhi Mar 30.Contact
1970s Limited Edition Watercolor Print Noted Florida Artist George King No Longer in Circulation Indian Rocks Beach Collection Four of Four. VintageByJolie. 5 out of 5 stars. (13) $125.00 FREE shipping. Only 1 available and it's in 3 people's carts. Add to Favorites.Contact
Large 9" Southern Utah Hard Sandstone Rock Natural Raw Rough Sand Stone Mineral. 312.00. Large 9" Southern Utah Hard Sandstone Rock Natural Raw Rough Sand Stone Mineral. 312.00. (Click for 6 views) 12.5" 12 Lbs. 6 oz. Gorgeous Rare Pink Rubellite TOURMALINES on glistening White QuartzContact
Mar 01, 2020. UPSC IAS GK- IndianContact
Indian Rocks Beach Stuff For Sale. Find great deals on things for sale in Indian Rocks Beach, FL. Whether you are looking for appliances, household items, furniture or tools around Indian Rocks Beach, snaplist is the best place to buy and sell used stuff.Contact
[randpic] Screening Of Rocks For Sale In India Track mounted screening plant for sale in india rock. Screening Plant for sale rental Rock Dirt Sea
May 24, 2021 September 27, 2018. Saddle Hill fracas draws to an end. Charles Fairbairn August 8, 2018. August 8, 2018. Coal industry death greatly exaggerated. Quarry & Mining Magazine October 24, 2015. October 24, 2015. Universal GPSContact
The New Zealand Certificate in Mining and Quarrying (Level 2) is perfect for those entering the industry for the first time. MITO will provide distance learning and assessment resources to support learners through the programme, and arrange off job training coursesContact.Contact.Contact
New Zealand Diploma in Mining and Quarrying Management. MITO New Zealand Incorporated. Subject area. Mining and Resources Engineering. Qualification. Diploma Level 6 Check out Fees Free to see whether you are eligible for a year of fees-free study or two years industry training. Contact your provider to confirm your study options meet the criteria.Contact
Mining and quarrying is a strategically important industry to the New Zealand economy. The industry is a significant export earner with around half of the mining outputs exported. In 2019, the mining and quarrying industry contributed $3.1 billion to New Zealand’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP), which is approximately 1% of the national GDP.Contact
Jun 07, 2021 Inside Resources is New Zealand'sContact
New Zealand Diploma in Mining and Quarrying (Management) (Level 6) [Ref 2788] Existing qualifications in the mining industry. The New Zealand Certificate in Mining and Quarrying (Level 2) is perfect for those entering the industry for the first time.Contact of NZ (AQA) hold an annual jointContactContact
[randpic] Quarry & Mining Magazine Quarrying & Mining Magazine May 24, 2021 September 27, 2018. Saddle Hill fracas draws to an end. Charles Fa
Jan 30, 2018 Ball mill, also known as ball grinding machine, a well-known ore grinding machine, widely used in the mining, construction, aggregate application. JXSC start the ball mill business since 1985, supply globally service includes design, manufacturing, installation, and free operation training.Contact
About product and suppliers: 1,686 ball mill for gold mine products are offered for sale by suppliers on Alibaba, of which mine mill accounts for 38%, grinding equipment accounts for 1%, and flour mill accounts for 1%. A wide variety of ball mill for gold mine options are available to you, such as 1.5 years, 5 years, and 6 months.Contact
Sep 11, 2018 Video showing our ball mills for 1 and 2 tons per hour. These mills can crush quartz ore and liberate the gold and sulfides for concentration with our shake...Contact
2020 Good Price For Sale High Quality Energy Saving Gold Mining Ball Mill Machine. $20,000.00 / Set. 1 Set (Min. Order) Gold Mining Equipment Laboratory Ball Mill Mini Capacity 500 Kg Ball Mill For Sale. $6,000.00 $150,000.00 / Set. 1.0 Sets (Min. Order)Contact
[randpic] Ball Mill for Sale Grinding Machine JXSC Mining Nov 26, 2019 Ball mill is the key equipment for grinding materials. those grinding mNavient's most recent quarterly dividend of $0.16 per share was on Sep 2, 2021 (ex-date). The annualized payout of $0.64 per share represents a current dividend yield of 3.21%.
NAVI next dividend date: Dec 2, 2021
Navient's dividend yield of 3.21% is above the Financial Services sector and the industry average.
Navient has a history of paying dividends since 2014. Our records of NAVI show that the company has distributed four quarterly dividends in the past year. The annualized dividend per share has remained the same for the last twelve months. But since the stock price has gone up by 102% from a year ago, the dividend yield has decreased by 50%.
Navient's payout ratio of 12.5% is below the Financial Services sector and the industry average.ThalesNano has launched a new form of gas meter called QuantiFlow that was developed in a research collaboration with MOL, an integrated oil and gas company in Central & Eastern Europe.
The company said that the system was designed to overcome the shortcomings of gas flow meters currently on the market: unlike other gas meters, QuantiFlow is not dependent on gas composition and so is ideal for measuring the flow of gas after gas liquid separation where gas composition may change over time.
According to the company, QuantiFlow is reliable, simple to calibrate, and requires little or no maintenance.
The system is perfect for laboratories in the chemical, food, and petrochemical industries where experiments may be conducted over several weeks or months, the company claimed.
The company added that originally, the QuantiFlow was developed as part of ThalesNano’s P-Cube and H-Cube Maxi reactors.Find the Right Affiliate Marketing Niche That Rakes in the Green
So you’re ready to become an affiliate marketer, but you have absolutely no idea where to start. You’ve tried doing your own research, but you’ve only stumbled across entrepreneurs who try to push their products onto you with promises of untold riches. If you’re just about ready to throw up your hands in frustration, there’s still hope!Examples of Affiliate Marketing As a Long Term Business Model
Starting a business has never been easier, especially when you are entering into the field of affiliate marketing. Affiliate marketing business relationships have taken the cyber world by storm and are so easy to implement and benefit from, provided you have the correct business model in place. A successful long term business model will easily allow you to make money at home.Some Tips to Earn Cash With a Home Business
One of the nice things about having a home business on the Internet is your ability to earn with it. Let’s talk about a few ways you can earn cash having your own home business.To Make Money You Must Offer People Value
It’s funny to see how many websites are offering all the secrets to making money on the Internet. Here I will give you a secret right now, there are no more secrets! To make money on the Internet, you must sell something that people want or need.A Guide on How to Choose the Best Affiliate Marketing Program With the Highest Affiliate Commissions
What is Affiliate Marketing? Affiliate Marketing can be defined as a revenue sharing venture or agreement between a website owner and an online merchant. The website owner will place advertisements on his websites to either help sell the merchant’s products or to send potential customers to the merchant’s website, all in exchange for a share of the profits.Be an Online Success! Get Wealthy Affiliate Information Here
This site was set up by two guys, Kyle and Carson in 2005 in order to teach people how to make money online, as they both started out with nothing but were able to make money and be successful. If you have been surfing the web looking for an opportunity to make money online, this Wealthy Affiliate information is what you need.How Can You Really Earn an Income From Affiliate Programs?
There are tremendous benefits and numerous opportunities for entrepreneurs to start a career from the comfort of their own home. One of these many possibilities you have to choose from is with affiliate programs.Affiliate Marketing – A Great Way to Sell Other Peoples’ Products
Many debates go on about the best affiliate marketing programs and no real winners are found so perhaps it is just best to stick with regular websites. Affiliate marketing is a great way to sell other peoples products etc., while earning a commission.How Twitter Can Increase Your Affiliate Checks
This article is about how you can make more money by using the Web 2.0 tool named Twitter in your marketing and affiliate efforts.Affiliate Marketing Training – Learning to Make Money Online.Want?2 Creative Ways to Increasing Your Sales Now!
Affiliate marketing is the real deal on the online jobs right now. However, not all of the people doing this kind of job get lucky enough to make their first paycheck arrive at home. My article will give you ideas, how to increase your sales using creative idea that really works.Description
Durasoft® Soft Polyester is a unique velvety-smooth substrate that offers beautiful image fidelity and toner adhesion with the waterproof, tear and stain resistant properties needed to produce durable menus, place mats, outdoor books / manuals, boat, flight and military logs, saddle-stitched books and much more.
Advantages
- Offers static free print runs
- Waterproof, stain and tear-resistant
- Foldable polyester - Printable on both sides
- No lamination required
- Handles print finishing processes with ease
- Bright White Matte Finish
- Non-Adhesive
Applications
- Menus
- Manuals
- Log Books
- Placemats
- Books
Physical Properties
- White Matte Finish
- 93% Brightness
Printer Compatibility:
- Laser / Toner printers and copiers
- High heat toner digital production equipment
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.When a homeowner determines, for whatever motive, it is time to sell his house, there are various issues, and PATHS to contemplate! The homes which can be being rebuilt are bigger (extra sq ft = extra tax $$) and nicer. West Ken Gibbs Green Neighborhood Homes is a membership organisation with over 581 members from sixty four{d4cd5fcdf511f56a6f10356536f81debf3bb9182b8c191aef988f8510a11d263} of households on the West Kensington and Gibbs Inexperienced estates. Only a few folks know that water heaters require upkeep very like the other home equipment in our homes, such because the HVAC system.
Designated as both an American Water Landmark and a Historic Civil Engineering Landmark, it bears extra similarity to a lighthouse than a modern-day water tower. Despite the fact that Ypsilanti is just “down the highway”, average incomes are decrease, there’s much less economic range and property values for this part of the Washtenaw County real estate market are lower.
While elevating houses above the floodplain is a popular solution, various homes have collapsed throughout the process because of structural weak spot and improper lifting. Ezy Homes really do make it easy to build on sloping sites – or when a quick to build, extremely strong building answer is required.
Lenders that will present finance for manufactured homes will require an appraisal of the property that may use different manufactured house gross sales in the area as comparables. Based on Katahdin Cedar Log Homes, cedar is fragrant to people, and problematic to insects: The heartwood of northern white cedar produces natural compounds called thujaplicins – which create that contemporary, pleasant cedar aroma.
In accordance with research conducted by Customers Union, the large proportion of manufactured homes in rental parks contributes vastly to the lower appreciation skilled by manufactured homeowners as an entire, as land possession is a vital driver of appreciation.This Chemistry Internship is for those students looking to establish a career in the line of chemistry and keen to gain some professional working experience before graduation. The program is launched by Merck which is a renowned pharmaceutical company of the US.
Merck Chemistry Internship is a summer event that will last for 12 weeks in different locations of the United States. The full-time interns will work collaboratively in a team environment Merck’s state-of-the-art organic synthesis laboratory to invent novel chemical reactions relevant to the synthesis of drug-like molecules.
Eligibility Requirements:
Candidates are required to fulfill the following requirements:
- Candidates must be currently enrolled sophomore, junior, or senior students pursuing a bachelor’s degree in chemistry or chemical biology; or a currently enrolled graduate student pursuing a master’s or Ph.D. in chemistry or chemical biology.
- Candidates must have completed at least two years of studies toward a bachelor’s degree by June 2020.
- Candidates must be available to work full-time for up to (12) weeks from June – August 2020.
How to Apply:
Applications, submitted online, will be accepted.
Application Deadline:
Open until filled.Top-mounted, UV DOD, CMYK label and narrow-web packaging film printer
Scalable from 1 to 7 colors UV DOD, CMYK- / spot-color inline printing module
Compact single-color digital printing module
We use technical and analytics and profiling cookies of third parties. If you want to change options, or to refuse consent to the installation of cookies profiling click here. If you continue to use our website, you authorize us to use cookies.Pokemon 1st Edition Base Set Near Complete 17-102 Set Psa Mint 9. This ear complete set comes with 67/86 non holos cards. The missing cards are 21,27,34,37,39,40,43,58,62,71,79,80,91,94,95,96,97 and 100.The item "Pokemon 1st Edition Base Set Near Complete 17-102 Set Psa Mint 9" is in sale since Wednesday, December 30, 2020. This item is in the category "Toys & Hobbies\Collectible Card Games\CCG Individual Cards".
The seller is "theonlinebutler" and is located in Melbourne, Florida. This item can be shipped to United States, all countries in Europe, Canada, Australia.Recent Works
Digital Poster: Nostra Veintidos
An digital poster for an online gig celebrating 22 years of music and life of the band Nostradamus Junior – a local band in the Philippines.
Roofer Marketers –
A roofing industry specialized, highly trained digital marketing team just does things better for roofers than anyone else.
FBMFOX –
The First Facebook Marketplace Suite (Repricing, Research, Listing)
Live La Union
Here’s a preview of the upcoming website of Live La Union. Live La Union is a digital media platform covering La Union’s finest foods, places, people, events, and others.
Digital Poster: Love, Mar
A digital poster used for social media posts for an event called “Love, Mar” – A Tribute to Mar Duque Jr.
Website: ZA Global, Partnerships, Corp |.
Looking for more?
Don’t take our word for it…
See what people are saying about Tech BP Web Media!Last year, when I started going to the gym a lot, I quickly became aware that wearing glasses and lifting weights were not very compatible – there’s nothing quite so precarious as positioning yourself under a bar to do some heavy squats, only for your glasses to slide down your nose. You have the choice to either re-rack your bar and push them up (only for it to happen again as soon as you lift) or try to hold the bar with one hand while balanced on your shoulders and push them up. Trust me, neither are good options, and I realised that I’d need to give contact lenses another go if I wanted to carry on lifting.
For me, the best option was to have my eyes tested and have a contact lens consultation at a high street optician, and then use my prescription to buy my lenses online, which is what I’ve now been doing for over a year, however the lenses I’ve been using have been getting progressively more uncomfortable, so I knew I needed a change. As luck would have it, the guys from Feel Good Contacts got in touch as asked if I’d like to try some lenses from their range, so I jumped at the chance!
Feel Good Contacts is the cheapest online retailer of contact lenses on the market and due to their Price Match guarantee, customers will not find their lenses cheaper anywhere else online, or on the high street. Feel Good can save customers up to 50% on their contact lenses. They also offer a ‘matching service’ which helps you to find an alternative to the lenses you already wear, giving you options. They also offer Next Day Delivery when you order before 7.15pm, which is amazing service!
The lenses that Feel Good Contacts originally wanted me to trial turned out to be unsuitable because I have an astigmatism in one eye and need a toric lens, but they were able to recommend some lenses for me (Coopervision Biofinity and Biofinity Toric) and they were absolutely spot on! I’ve been wearing them for almost a month and they’re the most comfortable lenses I’ve ever worn. Feel Good Contacts sent me a lens case and some solution with my lenses too, making it a perfect little package with everything I need. Delivery was really fast and everything was beautifully packed to fit through a letterbox so you don’t have to worry abut not being around when they’re delivered.
I have enough lenses to last me until the beginning of April, but I will 100% be using Feel Good Lenses to buy my contacts when I need to get some more as the combination of the price, the delivery and the customer service has all been amazing. If you’re thinking of making a change to your contact lens provide, I can highly recommend Feel Good Contacts and as an added bonus I have a discount code for Mum’s the Word readers to use, giving you an additional 12% off of – just enter STAYCOMFI12 at the checkout. Oh, and do come back and leave me a comment to tell me what you think of Feel Good Contacts, too!Q: Choose the appropriate adjectives:
- I don’t like _______ boy. ( that/those)
- Yesterday I met ________ doctor. ( mine/your )
- I ate _________ rice. ( some/few)
- Are there _________ apples in the basket ? ( many/any )
- The soldier deserves respect from _______ man. ( every/these )
- Jodhpur didn’t receive _________ rainfall this year. ( many/sufficient )
- He is an ________ man. ( smart/honest )
- I took ________ pictures at the Fort. ( much/some )
- He lost ________ his wealth in gambling. ( all/enough )
- ___________ students were absent on Monday. ( several/each )
- __________ dreams turn into reality. ( some/much )
- He comes here ________ day. ( many/every )
- __________ dog has his day. ( every/each )
- ___________ mangoes are sweet. ( this/these )
- I don’t have __________ money to purchase a new car. ( many/enough )Employer/Organization: City of New Westminster
Closing: December 7th 2021 4:30 PM PST
Details
Our Climate Action, Planning and Development department has an exciting opportunity for a Development Planner to guide projects through the development approvals process and to undertake multi-disciplinary work within a team environment. Under the direction of the Senior Manager and the Supervisor, you will work to ensure development projects are consistent with the City’s objectives and bylaws, including those related to land use, community benefits, transportation management, housing and social strategies, economic development and environmental protection. You will be working towards improvements in the development approvals process through the review and refinement of procedures and policies; managing the review of rezoning and other development applications in a timely manner; leading the negotiation of community amenities arising from projects; liaising with applicants, other City staff, professionals and the public; preparing reports and bylaw amendments; and makingpresentations to community groups, City advisory committees and Council.
If many of the following characteristics and skills describe you, we want to meet you!
- You have a Master’s Degree in urban planning or a related discipline, with considerable work experience in developmentplanning or an equivalent combination of training and experience.
- You are eligible for membership in the Canadian Institute of Planners.
- You have knowledge of best practices in community planning particularly at the local government level.
- You have an understanding of the legal and other best practices and tools applicable to the development approvals process for mixed-use and medium to high-density developments including sustainable development principles, community engagement and project management.
- You are proficient in creating and applying urban design principles and design guidelines in the evaluation of complexdevelopment projects.
- You are experienced in the development review process, particularly at the municipal level, from initial enquiry to Building Permitapplication.
- You have experience with economic, environmental, cultural and social considerations in the evaluation of developmentprojects.
- You have experience with urban land economics, including the review of development pro formas and the use of financinggrowth tools such as amenity negotiations and density bonus policies.
- You have a track record of being creative and exercising sound judgment in a fast paced work environment while managing multiple tasks and resolving conflicts.
- You are able to work proficiently on your own or as part of an interdepartmental team in moving forward assignmentsand/or projects in a timely and efficient manner.
- You can express ideas effectively both orally and in a written manner to a variety of audiences.
- You have the natural ability to successfully engage other employees, professionals, Council, City committees and the public, andto convey clearly, the principles and requirements of sound planning and development.
Apply by sending your cover letter and resume in one document quoting the competition number, by December 7, 2021 to the Human Resources Department, City of New Westminster, 511 Royal Avenue, New Westminster, BC, V3L 1H9, e- mail to hr@newwestcity.ca using the following format in the subject line: LAST NAME First Name #21-158.Outside of Vince Carter, there are few players who have such an impact on the Toronto Raptors organization like point guard Kyle Lowry.
And although he is now a member of the Miami Heat, Lowry still seems to have strong ties to Toronto.
In an interview with Marc J Spears of the Undefeated, Lowry speaks about his time within Toronto.
“I’m a man’s man, but I know I’m going to be a little bit sensitive and crying that day. I don’t know. I might hold it in,” Lowry told The Undefeated. .
“It’s different when you got traded from Memphis and you go back. I still get love from Memphis, which is awesome. I still get love from Houston. This is different because I continued to grow as a person in Toronto. So eight years in the city, one year I was in Tampa, but nine years overall with one franchise is a long time.”
Lowry also opened up about his decision to leave the Raptors.
“I still text (general manager) Bobby (Webster). I still text (Raptors President) Masai (Ujiri). There are no hard feelings,” Lowry said. “We’ve all had an open line of communication. And for me, it was very bittersweet because I never wanted to leave. But it was more a sense of: ‘All right, my kids are getting older. I want to be somewhere where they can be stable no matter what.’
“And, yeah, everybody says you could just live in Canada, but you’d have to get has spent nine years with the Raptors, In that process, he was able to become the franchise’s all-time leader in assists (4,277), steals (873), 3-pointers made and attempted and trails only DeRozan in games played and points scored along with leading them to a championship in 2019.Why Hiring an Elder Law Attorney Is a Smart Financial Decision
Being frugal is an admirable quality, but forgoing legal assistance in an attempt to save money is a short-sighted strategy. In many cases, hiring an elder law attorney can actually help you save money.
How an Elder Law Attorney Can Help
Elder law is a holistic practice that takes into account the unique needs of aging seniors. Everyone’s situation is a little different, but an elder law attorney may be able to save you money by:
- Saving on long-term care expenses. Contrary to popular belief, Medicare does not cover the cost of a nursing home. Medicaid will pick up the tab, but only if you meet very specific income and asset requirements. An elder law attorney can help you become eligible for Medicaid without giving away or spending down assets unnecessarily. This is especially important if you are married and only one spouse needs long-term care.
- Allowing you to keep the family home. Often, accepting Medicaid benefits means giving the state the right to recoup its costs by selling your family home after you and your spouse have passed away. An elder law attorney can help you prevent this.
- Lowering your tax burden. An elder law attorney can help you minimize your current taxable income and lower the estate taxes your heirs will need to pay.
- Keeping your assets safe from creditors or lawsuit judgments. Don’t let debt or a lawsuit put your financial future in jeopardy. An elder law attorney can help you determine the best asset protection plan.
Get the Peace of Mind You Deserve By Hiring An Experienced Elder Law Attorney
The biggest reason to hire an elder law attorney is one that you simply can’t put a price tag on—your peace of mind. When you know you are prepared for whatever the future may hold, you can relax and focus on enjoying every precious moment with your loved ones.
At Legacy Lawyers, we empower North Carolina seniors to take control of their finances and age on their own terms. Call our office in Wilmington or fill out the contact form on this page to schedule a free 15-minute consultation with our legal team.Allied World
On 1/4/2015 – Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG (NYSE: AWH) acquired the Hong Kong and Singapore operations of Royal & Sun Alliance Insurance plc ("RSA"). its Lloyd's Syndicate 2232 is rated A+ by Standard & Poor's and AA- by Fitch.
Since its inception in 2001 Allied World has built its success on designing risk transfer products that meet the diverse requirements of its clients.
With 19 offices serving customers around the world, Allied World sees itself as deploying a strategy that it allows it to be entreprenneurial, yet financially secure.
360° Business Protection is designed to cover all your insurance needs in running your business. The Allied World 360 degree package offers entrepreneurs the best protection at the best rates. The 360 product is available to protect you in an office environment and as well if you have a retail/wholesale shop or clinic to insure.
Additional cover limits and extensions are tailor-made for a broad range of trades and businesses, whether you have single or multiple locations.
Allied Word Helper Insurance Brochure CH
Allied Word Helper Insurance Brochure EN
Allied Word Helper Insurance Claim Form
Allied Word Maid Guard Payment Instruction and Authorisation Form
RSA - Maid Guard Domestic Helper Insurance - Questions and Answers
To search the list of network doctors - click here -> Allied World Medical Network Link
NOTE: The Medical Card is absolutely imperative for your helper to receive treatment.
- THERE IS NO OUTPATIENT COVER IF YOU GO TO A DOCTOR OUTSIDE THE NETWORK.
Allied World offers a number of Medical Malpractice products covering:
- Physicians and Surgeons
- Hospitals
- Managed and elderly care facilities
- Other Miscellaneous medical facilities
Allied World also offers managed care 'Errors and Omissions" (E&O) cover for the managed care segment of the healthcare industry. This is achieved in part by having a very broad definition of what consitutes "managed care facilities" and as well, the way in which 'the Insured" is defined.
Currently Allied World offers up to USD25m in cover for such risks.
Allied World’s IMI/Venture Capital Insurance protects investment:
- fund managers and
- venture capital firms
as they perform their daily business activities.
Tailored to the specialized needs of investment managers and firms, Allied World's comprehensive coverage helps ensure that you are protected against claims alleging:
- breach of duty,
- neglect, and
- misstatements.
Allied World underwrites small entities through to global corporations and large partnerships across all industry groups
Unusual in today's turbulent marketplace, Allied World is keen to do business with companies that are subject to United States securities law through American Depository Receipt (ADR) facilities!
Trade Credit and Political Risks
Allied World offers short and medium-term credit and political risk insurance targeting:
- Exporters
- Non-payment coverage for short-term and medium-term exports to both private and public sectorbuyers. Policies can be written for both one-off transactions and for multi-buyer programs.
- Pre-shipment coversare available to protect you in canse you have long lead times against the insolvency of the buyer and various political risks which may render contractual performance impossible.
- Importers
- Our cover extends to Non-payment and non-performance in respect of advance payments and pre-financings that have been made to foreign suppliers.
- Policies can be written to cover both short and medium-term imports and can be issued to one supplier or in fact, many different suppliers.
- Fnancial institutions
- Non-payment for both short-term and medium-term trade and export finance to both private and public sector buyers.
- Structured commodity finance transactions.
- Lender’s Interest coverage for both project and investment assets which protect against the failure or inability of the borrower to repay the loan as a result of various political perils.
- Contractors
- Contract Repudiation and Unfair Calling of Guarantee Cover.
- Investors.
- Permanent Investments – Coverage is available for companies investing in foreign markets against confiscation, expropriation, nationalization or deprivation; loss caused by forced abandonment, forced divestiture, war, strikes, riots and civil commotion; and the risk of inability to convert and transfer earnings or principal from the investment.
- Mobile Assets – Cover for mobile assets such as vehicles, plant and machinery, stocks of commodities etc. caused by loss due to perils as outlined above for permanent investments.
PRODUCT FEATURES
Coverage is offered for the risks of:
- Non-Performance
- Unfair Calling of Guarantee
- Political Force Majeure
- Non-Payment
LIMITS
Up to $25 million per Obligor/Guarantor and for credit terms of up to five years.
NOTE: No classes of business are excluded!
Allied World’s private motor insurance is an all-in-one private car insurance package providing round-the-clock protection, including a suite of free extra benefits. :
Mr Robin Brown robin.brown@navigator-insurance.com Tel 2530 2530
Download all as zipDownload all as zip
claim details
underwriting details
comparison detailsThe Refugee Act
The Refugee Act of 1980 created The Federal Refugee Resettlement Program to provide for the effective resettlement of refugees and to assist them to achieve economic self-sufficiency as quickly as possible after arrival in the United States. Title IV, chapter 2 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) contains the provisions of the Refugee Act which are reflected in the following text:
[Note: The Refugee Act was reauthorized through the year 2002. H.R.3061 Text, PDF Sponsor: Rep Smith, Lamar (introduced 10/12/1999). Latest Major Action: 11/13/1999 Became Public Law No: 106-104. Title: To amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to extend for an additional 2 years the period for admission of an alien as a nonimmigrant under section 101(a)(15)(S) of such Act, and to authorize appropriations for the refugee assistance program under chapter 2 of title IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act. Exact Language: SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR REFUGEE ASSISTANCE. Section 414(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1524(a)) is amended by striking ``1998 and 1999'' and inserting "2000 through 2002''. Approved November 13, 1999.]
INA: ACT 411 - OFFICE OF REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT
Sec. 411. [8 U.S.C. 1521]
(a) There is established, within the Department of Health and Human Services, an office to be known as the Office of Refugee Resettlement (hereinafter in this chapter referred to as the "Office"). The head of the Office shall be a Director (hereinafter in this chapter referred to as the "Director"), to be appointed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (hereinafter in this chapter referred to as the "Secretary").
(b) The function of the Office and its Director is to fund and administer (directly or through arrangements with other Federal agencies), in consultation with the Secretary of State,1/ programs of the Federal Government under this chapter.
FOOTNOTES FOR SECTION 411
INA: ACT 411 FN 1
FN 1 Paragraph (1) of § 162(n) of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (Pub. L. 103-236, 108 Stat. 409, Apr. 30, 1994) substituted a reference to the Secretary of State for a reference to the U.S. Coordinator for Refugee Affairs; paragraphs (2) and (3) of that section deleted subsequent references in § 412 and § 413 to the Coordinator. INA: ACT 412 - AUTHORIZATION FOR PROGRAMS FOR DOMESTIC RESETTLEMENT OF AND ASSISTANCE TO REFUGEES Sec. 412. [8 U.S.C. 1522]
(a) Conditions and Considerations.
(1)(A) In providing assistance under this section, the Director shall, to the extent of available appropriations,
(i) make available sufficient resources for employment training and placement in order to achieve economic self-sufficiency among refugees as quickly as possible,
(ii) provide refugees with the opportunity to acquire sufficient English language training to enable them to become effectively resettled as quickly as possible,
(iii) insure that cash assistance is made available to refugees in such a manner as not to discourage their economic self-sufficiency, in accordance with subsection (e)(2), and (iv) insure that women have the same opportunities as men to participate in training and instruction.
(B) It is the intent of Congress that in providing refugee assistance under this section-
(i) employable refugees should be placed on jobs as soon as possible after their arrival in the United States;
(ii) social service funds should be focused on employment-related services, English-as-a-second-language training (in non-work hours where possible), and case-management services; and
(iii) local voluntary agency activities should be conducted in close cooperation and advance consultation with State and local governments.
.
(D) With respect to the location of placement of refugees within a State, the Federal agency administering subsection (b)(1) shall, consistent with such policies and strategies and to the maximum extent possible, take into account recommendations of the State.
(3) In the provision of domestic assistance under this section, the Director shall make a periodic assessment, based on refugee population and other relevant factors, of the relative needs of refugees for assistance and services under this chapter and the resources available to meet such needs. The Director shall compile and maintain data on secondary migration of refugees within the United States and, by State of residence and nationality, on the proportion of refugees receiving cash or medical assistance described in subsection (e).
In allocating resources, the Director shall avoid duplication of services and provide for maximum coordination between agencies providing related services.
(4) chapter in advance or by way of reimbursement. In carrying out this section, the Director, the Secretary of State, and such other appropriate administering official are authorized-
(i) to make loans, and
(ii) to accept and use money, funds, property, and services of any kind made available by gift, devise, bequest, grant, or otherwise for the purpose of carrying out this section.
(B) No funds may be made available under this chapter (other than under subsection (b)(1)) to States or political subdivisions in the form of block grants, per capita grants, or similar consolidated grants or contracts. Such funds shall be made available under separate grants or contracts-
(i) for medical screening and initial medical treatment under subsection (b)(5), (ii) for services for refugees under subsection (c)(1),
(iii) for targeted assistance project grants under subsection (c)(2), and
(iv) for assistance for refugee children under subsection (d)(2).
(C) The Director may not delegate to a State or political subdivision his authority to review or approve grants or contracts under this chapter or the terms under which such grants or contracts are made.
(5) Assistance and services funded under this section shall be provided to refugees without regard to race, religion, nationality, sex, or political opinion.
(6) As a condition for receiving assistance under this section, a State must-
IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT
TITLE IV-MISCELLANEOUS AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE
CHAPTER 2 - REFUGEE ASSISTANCE
INA: ACT 412 - AUTHORIZATION FOR PROGRAMS FOR DOMESTIC
RESETTLEMENT OF AND ASSISTANCE TO REFUGEES
(A) submit to the Director a plan which provides-
(i) a description of how the State intends to encourage effective refugee resettlement and to promote economic self-sufficiency as quickly as possible,
(ii) a description of how the State will insure that language training and employment services are made available to refugees receiving cash assistance,
(iii) for the designation of an individual, employed by the State, who will be responsible for insuring coordination of public and private resources in refugee resettlement,
(iv) for the care and supervision of and legal responsibility for unaccompanied refugee children in the State, and
(v) for the identification of refugees who at the time of resettlement in the State are determined to have medical conditions requiring, or medical histories indicating a need for, treatment or observation and such monitoring of such treatment or observation as may be necessary;
(B) meet standards, goals, and priorities, developed by the Director, which assure the effective resettlement of refugees and which promote their economic self-sufficiency as quickly as possible and the efficient provision of services; and
(C) submit to the Director, within a reasonable period of time after the end of each fiscal year, a report on the uses of funds provided under this chapter which the State is responsible for administering.
(7) The Secretary, together with the Secretary of State with respect to assistance provided by the Secretary of State under subsection (b), shall develop a system of monitoring the assistance provided under this section. This system shall include-
(A) evaluations of the effectiveness of the programs funded under this section and the performance of States, grantees, and contractors;
(B) financial auditing and other appropriate monitoring to detect any fraud, abuse, or mismanagement in the operation of such programs; and
(C) data collection on the services provided and the results achieved.
(8) The Attorney General shall provide the Director with information supplied by refugees in conjunction with their applications to the Attorney General for adjustment of status, and the Director shall compile, summarize, and evaluate such information.
(9) The Secretary, the Secretary of Education, the Attorney General, and the Secretary of State may issue such regulations as each deems appropriate to carry out this chapter.
(10) For purposes of this chapter, the term "refugee" includes any alien described in section 207(c)(2).
(b) Program of Initial Resettlement.-(1)(A) For-
(i) fiscal years 1980 and 1981, the Secretary of State is authorized, and
(ii) chapter, taking into account the different resettlement approaches and practices of such agencies. Resettlement assistance under this paragraph shall be provided in coordination with the Director's provision of other assistance under this chapter. Funds provided to agencies under such grants and contracts may only be obligated or expended during the fiscal year in which they are provided (or the subsequent fiscal year or such subsequent fiscal period as the Federal contracting agency may approve) to carry out the purposes of this subsection.
(B) If the President determines that the Director should not administer the program under this paragraph, the authority of the Director under the first sentence of subparagraph (A) shall be exercised by such officer as the President shall from time to time specify.
(2)1/.
(3)2/ and section 414(b) of this chapter) regulating the making, performance, amendment, or modification of contracts and the expenditure of funds of the United States Government as the Secretary may specify.
(4)3/ The Secretary shall-
(A) assure that an adequate number of trained staff are available at the location at which the refugees enter the United States to assure that all necessary medical records are available and in proper order;
(B) provide for the identification of refugees who have been determined to have medical conditions affecting the public health and requiring treatment;
(C) assure that State or local health officials at the resettlement destination within the United States of each refugee are promptly notified of the refugee's arrival and provided with all applicable medical records; and
(D) provide for such monitoring of refugees identified under subparagraph (B) as will insure that they receive appropriate and timely treatment.
The Secretary shall develop and implement methods for monitoring and assessing the quality of medical screening and related health services provided to refugees awaiting resettlement in the United States.
(5) The Director is authorized to make grants to, and enter into contracts with, State and local health agencies for payments to meet their costs of providing medical screening and initial medical treatment to refugees.
(6) The Comptroller General shall directly conduct an annual financial audit of funds expended under each grant or contract made under paragraph (1) for fiscal year 1986 and for fiscal year 1987.
(7) Each grant or contract with an agency under paragraph (1) shall require the agency to do the following:
(A) To provide quarterly performance and financial status reports to the Federal agency administering paragraph (1).
(B)(i) To provide, directly or through its local affiliate, notice to the appropriate county or other local welfare office at the time that the agency becomes aware that a refugee is offered employment and to provide notice to the refugee that such notice has been provided, and
(ii) upon request of such a welfare office to which a refugee has applied for cash assistance, to furnish that office with documentation respecting any cash or other resources provided directly by the agency to the refugee under this subsection.
(C) To assure that refugees, known to the agency as having been identified pursuant to paragraph (4)(B) as having medical conditions affecting the public health and requiring treatment, report to the appropriate county or other health agency upon their resettlement in an area.
(D).
(E) To transmit to the Federal agency administering paragraph (1) an annual report describing the following:
(i) The number of refugees placed (by county of placement) and the expenditures made in the year under the grant or contract, including the proportion of such expenditures used for administrative purposes and for provision of services.
(ii) The proportion of refugees placed by the agency in the previous year who are receiving cash or medical assistance described in subsection (e).
(iii) The efforts made by the agency to monitor placement of the refugees and the activities of local affiliates of the agency.
(iv)).
,
(8) The Federal agency administering paragraph (1) shall establish criteria for the performance of agencies under grants and contracts under that paragraph, and shall include criteria relating to an agency's-
(A) efforts to reduce welfare dependency among refugees resettled by that agency,
(B) collection of travel loans made to refugees resettled by that agency for travel to the United States,
(C) arranging for effective local sponsorship and other nonpublic assistance for refugees resettled by that agency,
(D) cooperation with refugee mutual assistance associations, local social service providers, health agencies, and welfare offices,
(E) compliance with the guidelines established by the Director for the placement and resettlement of refugees within the United States, and
(F) compliance with other requirements contained in the grant or contract, including the reporting and other requirements under subsection (b)(7).
The Federal administering agency shall use the criteria in the process of awarding or renewing grants and contracts under paragraph (1).
(c) Project Grants and Contracts for Services for Refugees.-
(1)(A) The Director is authorized to make grants to, and enter into contracts with, public or private nonprofit agencies for projects specifically designed-
(i) to assist refugees in obtaining the.
(B).
(C) Any limitation which the Director establishes on the proportion of funds allocated to a State under this paragraph that the State may use for services other than those described in subsection (a)(1)(B)(ii). (2).
(B) Grants shall be made available under this paragraph-
(i) primarily for the purpose of facilitating refugee employment and achievement of self-sufficiency,
(ii) in a manner that does not supplant other refugee program funds and that assures that not less than 95 percent of the amount of the grant award is made available to the county or other local entity.
(d) Assistance for Refugee Children.-
(1) The Secretary of Education is authorized to make grants, and enter into contracts, for payments for projects to provide special educational services (including English language training) to refugee children in elementary and secondary schools where a demonstrated need has been shown.
(2).
(B) prescribes for the availability of such services to any other child in that State).
(ii).
(iii) In carrying out the Director's responsibilities under clause (ii), the Director is authorized to enter into contracts with appropriate public or private nonprofit agencies under such conditions as the Director determines to be appropriate.
(iv) The Director shall prepare and maintain a list of (I) all such unaccompanied children who have entered the United States after April 1, 1975, (II) the names and last known residences of their parents (if living) at the time of arrival, and (III) the children's location, status, and progress.
(e)4/ Cash Assistance and Medical Assistance to Refugees.-
(1) reasonable administrative costs of providing this assistance.
(2)(A) Cash assistance provided under this subsection to an employable refugee is conditioned, except for good cause shown-
(i) on the refugee's registration with an appropriate agency providing employment services described in subsection (c)(1)(A)(i), or, if there is no such agency available, with an appropriate State or local employment service;
(ii) on the refugee's participation in any available and appropriate social service or targeted assistance program (funded under subsection (c)) providing job or language training in the area in which the refugee resides; and
(iii) on the refugee's acceptance of appropriate offers of employment.5/
(B) Cash assistance shall not be made available to refugees who are full-time students in institutions of higher education (as defined by the Director after consultation with the Secretary of Education).
(C)6/ In the case of a refugee who-
(i) refuses an offer of employment which has been determined to be appropriate either by the agency responsible for the initial resettlement of the refugee under subsection (b) or by the appropriate State or local employment service,
(ii) refuses to go to a job interview which has been arranged through such agency or service, or
(iii)).
(3) The Director shall develop plans to provide English training and other appropriate services and training to refugees receiving cash assistance.
(4) If a refugee is eligible for aid or assistance under a State plan approved under part A of title IV or under title XIX of the Social Security Act, or for supplemental security income benefits (including State supplementary payments) under the program established under title XVI of that Act, funds authorized under this subsection shall only be used for the non-Federal share of such aid or assistance, or for such supplementary payments, with respect to cash and medical assistance provided with respect to such refugee under this paragraph.
(5) The Director is authorized to allow for the provision of medical assistance under paragraph (1) to any refugee, during the one-year period after entry, who does not qualify for assistance under a State plan approved under title XIX of the Social Security Act on account of any resources or income requirement of such plan, but only if the Director determines that-
(A) this will (i) encourage economic self-sufficiency, or (ii) avoid a significant burden on State and local governments; and
(B) the refugee meets such alternative financial resources and income requirements as the Director shall establish.
(6) the fact that the refugee has so applied.
(7).
(B) Refugees covered under such alternative projects shall be precluded from receiving cash or medical assistance under any other paragraph of this subsection or under title XIX or part A of title IV of the Social Security Act.
(C) The Secretary, shall report to Congress not later than October 31, 1985, on the results of these projects and on any recommendations respecting changes in the refugee assistance program under this section to take into account such results.
(D) To the extent that the use of such funds is consistent with the purposes of such provisions, funds appropriated under section 414(a) of this Act, part A of title IV of the Social Security Act, or title XIX of such Act, may be used for the purpose of implementing and evaluating alternative projects under this paragraph.
(8) In its provision of assistance to refugees, a State or political subdivision shall consider the recommendations of, and assistance provided by, agencies with grants or contracts under subsection (b)(1).
(f) Assistance to States and Counties for Incarceration of Certain Cuban Nationals.-
 Act.
.
FOOTNOTES FOR SECTION 412
INA: ACT 412 FN 1
FN 1The President has specified the Secretary of State. See letter of Jan. 13, 1981, from Pres. Carter to the Speaker of the House and President of the Senate, 17 Weekly Compil. of Pres. Docs., p. 2880.
INA: ACT 412 FN 2
FN 2Amended by § 671(e)(7) of IIRIRA by striking comma after "is authorized".
INA: ACT 412 FN 3
TITLE IV-MISCELLANEOUS AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE
CHAPTER 2 - REFUGEE ASSISTANCE
INA: ACT 412 - AUTHORIZATION FOR PROGRAMS FOR DOMESTIC
RESETTLEMENT OF AND ASSISTANCE TO REFUGEES
INA: ACT 412 FN 3
FN 3Amended by § 671(e)(7) of IIRIRA by striking comma after "The Secretary".
INA: ACT 412 FN 4
FN 4Section 313(c) of the Refugee Act of 1980 (Pub. L. 96 - 212, Mar. 17, 1980, 94 Stat. 117) provides as follows:
"(c) Notwithstanding section 412(e)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act and in lieu of any assistance which may otherwise be provided under such section with respect to Cuban refugees who entered the United States and were receiving assistance under section 2(b) of the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962 before October 1, 1978, the Director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement is authorized_
(1) to provide reimbursement
(A) in fiscal year 1980, for 75 percent,
(B) in fiscal year 1981, for 60 percent,
(C) in fiscal year 1982, for 45 percent, and
(D) in fiscal year 1983, for 25 percent,of he non-Federal costs of providing cash and medical assistance (other than assistance described in paragraph (2) to such refugees, and
(2) to provide reimbursement in any fiscal year for 100 percent of the non-Federal costs associated with such Cuban refugees with respect to whom supplemental security income payments were being paid as of September 30, 1978, under title XVI of the Social Security Act."
INA: ACT 412 FN 5
FN 5For aliens who enter the United States as refugees before Apr. 1, 1987, the following sentence (which was stricken by Sec. 9(a)(1) of the Refugee Assistance Extension Act of 1986 (Pub. L. 99 - 605, Nov. 6, 1986, 100 Stat. 3454)) applies:
"Such cash assistance provided to such a refugee shall be terminated (after opportunity for an administrative hearing) with the month in which the refugee refuses such an appropriate offer of employment or refuses to participate in such an available and appropriate social service program."
INA: ACT 412 FN 6
FN 6This subparagraph applies to aliens who enter the United States as refugees on or after Apr. 1, 1987, under Sec. 9(c) of the Refugee Assistance Extension Act of 1986 (Pub. L. 99 - 605, 100 Stat. 3454).
INA: ACT 413 - CONGRESSIONAL REPORTS
Sec. 413. [8 U.S.C. 1523](a) The Secretary, shall submit a report on activities under this chapter chapter during that period;
(2) a description of the geographic location of refugees;
(3) a summary of the results of the monitoring and evaluation conducted under section 412(a)(7) during the period for which the report is submitted;
(4) a description of (A) the activities, expenditures, and policies of the Office under this chapter and of the activities of States, voluntary agencies, and sponsors, and (B) the Director's plans for improvement of refugee resettlement;
(5) evaluations of the extent to which (A) the services provided under this chapter 412(e)(5) ;
(7) a summary of the location and status of unaccompanied refugee children admitted to the United States; and
(8) a summary of the information compiled and evaluation made under section 412(a)(8) .
INA: ACT 414 - AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS
Sec. 414. [8 U.S.C. 1524]
(a)1/ There are authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 1998 and 1999 1a/ such sums as may be necessary to carry out this chapter.
(b) The authority to enter into contracts under this chapter shall be effective for any fiscal year only to such extent or in such amounts as are provided in advance in appropriation Acts.
[The following provision, enacted as part of the Refugee Act of 1980, relating to the United States Coordinator for Refugee Affairs is included at this point in title 8, United States Code, but is not part of the Immigration and Nationality Act:]
Sec. 301. [8 U.S.C. 1525] (a) The President shall appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a United States Coordinator for Refugee Affairs (hereinafter in this part referred to as the "Coordinator"). The Coordinator shall have the rank of Ambassador-at-Large.
(b) The Coordinator shall be responsible to the President for- 1) the development of overall United States refugee admission and resettlement policy;
(2) the coordination of all United States domestic and international refugee admission and resettlement programs in a manner that assures that policy objectives are met in a timely fashion;
(3) the design of an overall budget strategy to provide individual agencies with policy guidance on refugee matters in the preparation of their budget requests, and to provide the Office of Management and Budget with an overview of all refugee-related budget requests;
(4) the presentation to the Congress of the Administration's overall refugee policy and the relationship of individual agency refugee budgets to that overall policy;
(5) advising the President, Secretary of State, Attorney General, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services on the relationship of overall United States refugee policy to the admission of refugees to, and the resettlement of refugees in, the United States;
(6) under the direction of the Secretary of State, representation and negotiation on behalf of the United States with foreign governments and international organizations in discussions on refugee matters and, when appropriate, submitting refugee issues for inclusion in other international negotiations;
(7) development of an effective and responsive liaison between the Federal Government and voluntary organizations, Governors and mayors, and others involved in refugee relief and resettlement work to reflect overall United States Government policy;
(8) making recommendations to the President and to the Congress with respect to policies for, objectives of, and establishment of priorities for, Federal functions relating to refugee admission and resettlement in the United States; and
(9) reviewing the regulations, guidelines, requirements, criteria, and procedures of Federal departments and agencies applicable to the performance of functions relating to refugee admission and resettlement in the United States.
(c)(1) In the conduct of the Coordinator's duties, the Coordinator shall consult regularly with States, localities, and private nonprofit voluntary agencies concerning the sponsorship process and the intended distribution of refugees.
(2) The Secretary of Labor and the Secretary of Education shall provide the Coordinator with regular reports describing the efforts of their respective departments to increase refugee access to programs within their jurisdiction, and the Coordinator shall include information on each programs in reports submitted under section 413(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act.This summary of considerations from stakeholder interviews, and the case studies developed as a result, create some guidance for healthcare providers on factors to consider when approaching conversations and counseling for pregnancy loss among refugee and immigrant patients and families. The need for provider training to support culturally responsive care for immigrant and refugee patients experiencing pregnancy loss arose from conversations with providers in the Washington, Wyoming, Alaska, Montana, and Idaho (WWAMI) region who expressed a need for training and shared knowledge on this topic. We conducted a literature review and a qualitative exploration of provider experiences with refugee and immigrant patients who have experienced pregnancy loss. We shared the findings from the qualitative exploration with leaders and members of community based organizations serving various refugee and immigrant clients in the Seattle area and sought feedback and input. In this document, we provide a summary of our findings.
Introduction
Although overall rates of neonatal deaths and stillbirths have decreased in the United States (Chichester, 2005), medical care can still have a large impact on grieving families. There is growing recognition of the importance of educating health providers on how to appropriately approach families in sensitive times. While some guidelines on addressing pregnancy loss in the healthcare setting currently exist, they are often narrowly-defined, and there are currently no widely-utilized frameworks or best practices to guide pregnancy loss discussions with diverse patients. Furthermore, while it is helpful to recognize specific communities or groups that may share culture, language, and practices, it is important to note that not all people within a community have the same needs in the event of pregnancy loss.
Expectations of healthcare, pregnancy, and childbirth are strongly influenced by the patient’s country of origin (Benza & Liamputtong, 2014), yet these expectations intersect with the patient’s experience in the U.S. medical system with its own set of cultural values, procedures, and norms. Immigrant and refugee patients’ level of comfort in the U.S. medical system has its own implications for access to care, self-advocating, and feeling cared for. Health literacy, language barriers, and lack of available interpreters may further influence the cultural perception about what constitutes appropriate care (Kang, 2014).
These perceptions begin to emerge with prenatal care and extend throughout pregnancy, in addition to contributing to varying perceptions of pregnancy loss and grieving. Healthcare providers have the opportunity to play an important role in shaping the experiences of patients with pregnancy loss, especially in immigrant and refugee patients. However, many patients report feeling a lack of acknowledgement, compassion, and support from providers (Bellhouse, Temple-Smith, Watson & Bilardi, 2018). These feelings may be exacerbated by the provider’s inability to communicate well in the same language of the patient, or the intent may be lost in the interpretation, in addition to a mismatch or misunderstanding of the cultural aspects of pregnancy loss.
While some clinical guidelines for approaching patient care in the setting of pregnancy loss currently exist, these published guidelines do not provide specific guidance for considerations healthcare providers should make in their care of immigrant and refugee populations (American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, 2020; Catlin, 2018; Kingdon, Givens, O’Donnell, & Turner, 2015).
Frameworks such as the Interdisciplinary Guidelines for Women Presenting to the Emergency Department with Pregnancy Loss give general guidance for healthcare providers on exploring the meaning of pregnancy loss to individual patients and families, providing patient education on expected post-pregnancy course, and offering choices for dignified disposition of fetal remains and bereavement support (Catlin, 2018). However, this document does not include detailed information on considerations for how to apply cultural sensitivity and responsiveness to discussions and counseling for pregnancy loss in specific patient populations.
Cultural responsiveness relies on providers offering tailored, dialogue-based commitment to a contextual understanding of cultural, socioeconomic, political, and linguistic disparities in medicine; furthermore, it necessitates a dynamic and individualized approach to patient care (National Alliance of State and Territorial AIDS Directors, 2015). Utilizing only mainstream or Westernized best practices assumes that all families mourn in the same way and imposes a prescribed grief process rather than allowing families to guide health providers in meeting their individual needs (Chichester, 2005).
Summary of Findings: Interviews
Project Description & Methods
We conducted seventeen semi-structured interviews, including sixteen interviews with members from perinatal healthcare teams (i.e. physicians, registered nurses, certified nurse midwives, perinatal coordinators, and clinical social workers) and one interview with a community leader of a Seattle based organization serving refugee and immigrant women. All interviews were conducted either in-person or over the telephone by two project team members between November 2019 and August 2020. The interviews lasted between 30-45 minutes and were recorded with participant consent, de-identified and transcribed by one interviewer.
Participants were recruited by convenience sampling through the project team’s professional networks. Participants included adult healthcare providers and clinicians who work with pregnant refugee/immigrant clients in Washington, Idaho, and Alaska. Open-ended semi-structured interview questions focused on attitudes, beliefs, and experiences of participants in caring, or observing care, for refugee and immigrant mothers experiencing pregnancy loss.
Interview transcripts were reviewed by project team members in order to identify major themes. The project findings were reviewed with local community members as well. The study was deemed exempt by the Seattle University IRB.
Interview Themes
We identified five major themes from participant interviews. These themes included a desire for more training in how to respond to pregnancy loss with cultural sensitivity, limitations of the structure, policies, and practices of hospitals and clinics, language barriers and interpretation challenges, the impact of culture and religion on the perinatal loss experience, and appreciation for variation in the grieving process. Participants shared patient stories to highlight instances in which they, or the healthcare system, had been underprepared to offer culturally responsive care during pregnancy loss.
Desire for Further Training
Healthcare team members often said they learned what they know on the job rather than during formal healthcare or medical education. Participants stated they desired formal training on how to care for refugee and immigrant families during pregnancy loss, including sessions on trauma-informed care, cultural sensitivity, and the history of the refugee experience in their regions.
One physician shared that in a group prenatal class she learned her pregnant patients write a section of the Quran on a piece of paper and affix it to their bodies to recite during labor to help cope. The physician shared, “I have never made this recommendation and would never have known. There’s all these cultural practices that are so foreign to me, I would be a better provider if I knew about any of them.”
One physician shared that they have learned to manage cases of pregnancy loss in a style that includes factors beyond evidence-based algorithms specific to their clinical training: “you realize that you can’t be the normal type of robot doctor that you were trained to be, because the medical explanation is not particularly valuable…because their desire to have a family is not a quantifiable risk-based algorithm.”
Another physician shared they had not been trained in pregnancy loss counseling, but their ideal training scenario would include “…involvement from the folks from the community sharing experiences and having a big hand in how to do the talking, or how to do the counseling, and maybe even opportunities to practice feedback with different members of the community.”
One registered nurse suggested “I think a training itself needs to be more about giving patients choice and understanding how to respect those decisions as opposed to what you do in this situation because that’s where we get stuck is when we’re trying to come up with a protocol.” Another registered nurse suggested their practice setting could “add more of the cultural consideration and linguistic considerations into the routine prenatal bereavement training that all the labor and delivery nurses go through.”
Multiple participants expressed worry that they unintentionally cause more trauma due to a lack of comprehensive training in addressing and navigating individual patient and family needs.
Limitations of Hospital & Clinic Structure, Policies and Practices
Hospital and clinic structures, practices and policies created challenges for providers when caring for patients who were experiencing pregnancy loss. Participants discussed how typical provider schedules are not set up for providing comprehensive patient-centered care. As one physician described, “No practice is necessarily set up to have [intrauterine fetal demise] happen in the middle of their day but that’s why doctors run late is because you end up spending 45 minutes with that patient, what was booked as a 10 minute visit.”
When delivering a diagnosis is out of scope for certain members of the healthcare team, such as nurses and ultrasound technicians, patients may be left waiting a long time for a clinician to be available to deliver news. A nurse described “I feel like the worst experiences that I’ve been a part of are the ones where the patient has to sit there for an hour and a half waiting, and they know something’s not right. But yet, we can’t tell them anything. They’re just sitting there in a room by themselves while we’re trying to get a provider in there. And then some of the providers have five minutes, and so it’s very difficult in that sense.”
Short visit times during busy clinic schedules were cited as problematic, especially when interpretation is necessary. One physician shared how essential other support services such as social work and behavioral health are, “…because you get 15 minutes, so you need someone to give her the proper time because we are evaluating their bleeding, evaluating their pain, evaluating do they want to start a birth control method, all those things that you need to do medically. And to also expect to be able to listen to her whole story, you know, it’s really hard to do in 15 minutes.” While in-house comprehensive care is ideal, most participants had concerns about barriers to mental health services for their patients. Interpretation adds time to a visit, which further taxes tightly scheduled systems.
Language Barriers and Interpretation Challenges
Interpretation challenges were mentioned in every interview, including patient hesitancy to accept interpretation in small communities due to privacy concerns, not having access to an interpreter who spoke a less common dialect, and asking family members to interpret. A community leader shared, “…they brought an interpreter who doesn’t speak the same dialect as the Sudanese [patient] so the interpreter is there, the patient was there, not understanding, and even the interpreter [was] ‘like, really, I can’t understand what she’s saying.’”
Participants also mentioned the impact of transportation barriers and interpreter scheduling, “…if they take public transportation they are behind because of the bus schedule. They lose their appointment and because they showed up late, the interpreter is not there. Nobody informed them not to come because there’s no interpreter, and they wasted the day.” A perinatal coordinator described patient concerns about confidentiality that led to some patients declining the use of interpreters: “We have had quite a lot who declined an in-person interpreter, they don’t mind if it’s over the phone. But if it’s videoed or in-person then they do decline just because a lot of these families that we serve are small populations, and so they don’t want that information to go out there into the community.”
Impact of Culture and Religion on Perinatal Loss
The majority of participants shared experiences noting healthcare staff members showing a lack of understanding or misinterpretation of the impact of culture, religion, and individual attitudes and beliefs impacting health behaviors and experiences. The role of family members in healthcare decision-making was observed by several participants. Participants described scenarios on labor and delivery when a father of a baby or another community member was perceived to be “taking over” healthcare decisions for mothers during labor, delivery, and in the postpartum setting.
Some healthcare providers perceived that by assuming the decision-making authority in these situations, family members or community members were taking away the autonomy of the mother. One physician said, “Often the husband or somebody else is the one that’s receiving the medical information, they are the ones that are generally speaking and making the decisions. And we’ve had a lot of pushback, like ‘oh, they’re taking away the woman’s rights to make her own decisions.’ And the family is trying so hard to show their love by caring for her.”
The influence of religion on the perinatal loss experience and healthcare decision-making was another common interview theme. The participant who is a community leader shared a perspective on why autopsy may not be necessary for some families: “…determining the cause of death might not be a top priority. And this is part of their submission to the will of God.” Several healthcare team members shared that religion was a source of strength when discussing a pregnancy loss diagnosis, that many patients say, “it’s part of God’s plan, it was meant to be for me.”
In a situation shared by a physician where a patient’s pregnancy was diagnosed as incompatible with life, faith impacted the patient’s decision-making. The patient declined genetic testing and said, “God will provide, I’m just going to come back every week. I don’t know what’s going to happen, but I want this baby and this is my baby.” The patient returned every week until at 25 weeks gestation the baby no longer had a heartbeat. The physician gave the patient the infant’s medical information in a sealed envelope so that the patient could have it if needed for future care, but would not be forced to look at it.
A strong religious faith was overall described as protective to the patient in the case of pregnancy loss, yet participants recognized that individual experiences may vary regardless of religious beliefs or affiliations. One physician mentioned, “I think it’s incredibly important that we don’t pigeonhole people by religion, or by background, or where they immigrated from or how long they’ve been in the country, or whether or not they speak English.”
Appreciation for Variation in Grieving Process
Participants described the grief process being influenced by many factors, including cultural, religious, family-specific, and individual factors. Many participants reflected on times when they or their coworkers made assumptions or criticized a patient’s or family’s response or experience of pregnancy loss.
A clinical social worker described her response to her co-workers’ reactions, “I feel very protective then of trying to help people understand that grief can look different and that especially depending on religious background, and the trauma pieces that most refugees bring with them, there’s just so much that’s happening for people that they need care and support. They don’t need more judgment and finger wagging.”
One nurse reflected, “You know, when we’re used to a certain way of people reacting with loss and with death, for someone who seems to act so matter of fact about it, I think for a lot of people [that] can bring up a lot of judgment.” Regarding differences in outward emotion, one physician said, “I don’t see as many tears as I would expect and it’s hard. I always wonder is that really the way it is? Or is it just inappropriate to express themselves in that way in front of other people? Are they saving that for home?”
Several participants mentioned the assumption among health care providers that parents experiencing pregnancy loss or fetal death may want to take photos with and/or hold the body of the infant after birth. The participant who is a local community leader shared a case where, “After birth, they wrapped the baby and brought it back, and they asked the mother if she would like to have pictures with the child. [She said] ‘we don’t take pictures with dead bodies in our culture.’
Having the corpse of the baby in the room for hours. The feeling in the room is like, ‘this is a dead body, what is it doing here?’ The family didn’t know what to do or how to say no.” The same participant also mentioned that while pregnancy loss is often unexpected, when it is not an emergency, the healthcare team should have sufficient time to plan better support for the patient, no matter their country of origin.
Discussion
Though pregnancy loss happens all around the world, training for healthcare providers on how to provide culturally responsive support to patients and their families during loss is not widely integrated into medical training. The loss experience is influenced by many factors, including culture, religion, setting, and individual experiences. There is limited research available on the patient-centered outcomes, experiences, and preferences of how the healthcare system and providers approach caring for refugee and immigrant patients and families through pregnancy loss.
Substantial differences in healthcare systems between the U.S. and the countries of origin of immigrants and refugees make it even more essential to investigate pregnancy loss among diverse populations, all of whom experience this within the context of the U.S. system. None of the clinicians who we interviewed felt that their medical education prepared them to provide culturally responsive care to the immigrant and refugee patient populations they serve. Though research shows increased cultural humility improves provider-patient communication and satisfaction, Western medical training does not routinely focus on multicultural care provision (Kripalani, Bussey-Jones, Katz, & Genao, 2006).
The majority of project participants were interested in more professional training on the subject of pregnancy loss in immigrant and refugee populations. Under the model of cultural humility, the topic of care during pregnancy loss is not mastery-based, and accomplished by a single training or protocol, but rather an ongoing dynamic process of listening, learning, and responding (Chang, Simon, & Dong, 2012).
Certainly, trainings in culturally responsive care would be difficult as it would be challenging for providers to know everything about how culture, environment, family, religious, and even personal factors may influence the experience of pregnancy loss for a patient, regardless of their country of origin. Instead, starting from an approach of asking for preferences, checking one’s own assumptions or expectations, examining one’s own biases, and centering the patient and family’s needs may be the best place to begin.
Asking “How can I help you honor your family traditions at this time?” can be an effective starting place for communicating with families about their needs and beliefs (Chichester, 2005). Providers can tailor their interactions, counseling, interventions, and referrals based on their patient’s response (Bellhouse et al., 2018). Providers should remind themselves that there is no appropriate or standard way to grieve, and it is important to respect that patients may grieve in a way that is different from expectations (Koenig & Gates-Williams, 1995).
Beyond individual and interpersonal interactions, pregnancy loss is often experienced in the setting of institutions. Institutional practices should be examined with cultural responsiveness in mind, and although systems changes can be slow, individual practices can still be adjusted to maximize impact on patients. Practitioners should reflect on how hospital or clinic structures, policies, and procedures can be reconstructed to enhance a culturally responsive environment for pregnancy loss. Advocating for longer scheduled visits for may allow for flexibility and extra time to deliver pregnancy loss news to patients, and allow patients more time to have their questions answered.
Furthermore, advocating for expanded access to high-quality interpreter services within the institution, with both phone/video as well as in-person services available if possible, may improve the patient experience and ensure their understanding. Beyond these services that directly impact patients, providers can also advocate for pipeline programs that ensure future providers are representative of the patient and community population (Filler, Jameel, & Gagliardi, 2020).
Though there are many overlaps with how immigrants in general, and more specifically refugees, experience pregnancy loss in the setting of U.S. healthcare there may be some differences dependent on immigration history. In particular, refugees have unique experiences of persecution, both physical and emotional trauma, and forced relocation that may predispose them to psychological disturbances throughout the resettlement process (Murray, Davidson, & Schweitzer, 2010).
These experiences may be different than the general immigrant experience and certainly could manifest differently when experiencing a psychologically challenging event like pregnancy loss. Therefore, it is especially important to integrate a trauma-informed approach to providing culturally responsive care among refugees and other immigrants as well.
One participant explained the “Healing Encounters” framework their setting developed in order to promote better care, especially for the refugee population they serve. The assumption is that no encounter with healthcare can be neutral, and thus steps must be taken to ensure encounters are healing rather than triggering or traumatizing (Harrod & Lipscomb, 2010). In the Healing Encounters structure, in order for an encounter to be healing, it must be trauma-informed, linguistically appropriate, and culturally responsive. These elements make up the Healing Encounters Equitable Triad (Harrod & Lipscomb, 2010) that may be a good resource when caring for all patients, but especially refugee and immigrant patients who carry a trauma history into the experience of pregnancy loss.
The availability of culturally responsive maternal health services, such as supportive structures that address language barriers and cultural recognition and appreciation, contributes to positive health outcomes (Benza & Liamputtong, 2014). Interview participants shared stories of patients who returned to the same practice setting to have a subsequent pregnancy after a loss because they felt supported and listened to during the loss experience. As a starting point, providers may want to begin by determining the significance of pregnancy loss for family and patient, recognizing that the event could be experienced as a minor or major event (Catlin, 2018). Patients and their families have increased satisfaction in communication when the providers showed acknowledgement, compassion, and empathy (Chichester, 2005).
Language barriers, scheduling issues, concerns about confidentiality in small communities, and lack of available interpreters continue to be major factors that hinder immigrant and refugee women from getting appropriate care in obstetrical settings (Brooks et al., 2016). Despite patients’ legal right to language services regardless of citizenship status, our interview findings suggested that barriers to and challenges with interpretation continue to be commonplace. However, even with a medical interpreter, other cultural or individual considerations may influence how communication occurs around delivering the news of a loss to a patient and family.
Providers can have a pre-conference with the interpreter when sensitive topics are anticipated, thus allowing for pre-planning in the communication of information with a patient/family (EthnoMed, 2016). Furthermore, teams can consider offering religious or spiritual support to patients, however that may be received by patients themselves.
When speaking about remains practices, participants frequently brought up healthcare providers’ frustration and discomfort with patients’ preferences, cultural practices, and decisions. Participants described staff putting pressure on patients to make certain choices during an experience of fetal death and pressure to make certain choices during pregnancy loss. While patients may wish to have bereavement care in the form of religious blessing, taking photos, skin-to-skin holding for babies of larger sizes, dressing or washing the baby, or memory boxes, these types of mementos are more often desired by American Christians and may not be desired by those of other religious or cultural backgrounds (Chichester, 2005; Catlin, 2018).
In Muslim communities, mementos can be considered desecration in Islam and cause distress to the family (Arshad, Horsfall, & Yasin, 2004). In Islam and Orthodox Judaism, both autopsy and cremation are forbidden. According to Muslim traditions, burials should take place within 24 hours of death (Chichester, 2005). In order to ensure optimal care, providers should always ask what the family prefers before obtaining mementos (Arshad et al., 2004). While it is helpful to recognize specific communities or groups that may share culture, language, and religious beliefs, it is important to be aware that not all people within a community have the same needs or beliefs and that individual needs may vary within groups and communities.
Health care providers should focus on working with women and families to determine their preferred coping methods (Van, 2012). Emphasis should be placed on ensuring family and community support, assessing for PTSD, and follow up care. Where appropriate and desired by the patient, partners and families should be encouraged to be present to provide support to cope with the loss (Van, 2012). Healthcare providers should offer additional follow-up and support following a miscarriage: there are improved outcomes with referrals to mental health services and support groups (Bellhouse et al., 2018).
Furthermore, for those who have experienced pregnancy loss, PTSD assessments are recommended to ensure at-risk patients receive proper support and counseling (Van, 2012). When applicable, follow up with the patient’s primary care provider and/or pregnancy provider can helpful to check in on emotional wellbeing, not just physical wellbeing (Bellhouse et al., 2018).
The participants in this study, who were mostly comprised of healthcare team members, shared their lack of lived experience as a barrier to understanding all of the internal and external factors influencing refugee and immigrant patients’ and families’ experiences with pregnancy loss. However, they all expressed a desire for more training on how to approach counseling and care for refugee and immigrant families experiencing pregnancy loss in order to better serve their patients and communities. Though the community leader we interviewed shared immigrant and refugee stories, a limitation of our findings is the fact that it does not reflect the individual voices and experiences of refugee and immigrant individuals and families who have experienced pregnancy loss.
In addition, we understand that the themes from our interviews and quotes from participants do not apply to all immigrant and refugee communities. Future directions for this work should include interviews with individuals from immigrant and refugee backgrounds who have experienced pregnancy loss, or been affected by pregnancy loss, after arriving in the United States.
There is a gap in knowledge and need for further research on best practices for healthcare teams providing care during pregnancy loss experienced by refugee and immigrant families in the U.S. The deficit in knowledge has the potential to cause additional trauma to patients in an already vulnerable situation. Individual healthcare providers should reflect on their own personal assumptions and expectations about how bereavement be experienced by individuals.
Healthcare providers also need to recognize that institutional and organizational policies and structures, including interpretation barriers, clinic scheduling, lack of culturally responsive educational materials, and traditional/Westernized information on delivery practices may cause distress, or trauma, to patients during the time of pregnancy loss. The experience of pregnancy loss is influenced by religious, cultural and individual factors, and the needs of each person and family will be unique. All families, no matter their country of origin, deserve culturally responsive care. In order to achieve cultural safety and provide more culturally responsive and equitable care, healthcare providers, organizations, and institutions need to critically reflect on the impact of power imbalance on patients and their families as they move through the healthcare system (Curtis et al., 2019).
Further Reading and Other Resources
Guidelines for Interpreted Visits Basic steps and practices for interpreted visits including how to conduct a pre-visit conference with the interpreter.
Culturally and Linguistically Appropriate Services (CLAS) in Maternal Health Care This free, 2-hour e-learning program from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is designed for providers and students seeking knowledge and skills related to cultural competency, cultural humility, person-centered care, and combating implicit bias across the continuum of maternal health care. This program is approved for continuing education credits for Nurse-Midwives (ACNM), Nurses, Physicians and Physician Assistants.
Practicing Cultural Humility when Serving Immigrant and Refugee Communities Article by nurse Lea Ann Miyagawa highlighting the concept of cultural humility developed by Drs. Melanie Tervalon and Jann Murray-Garcia to more deeply look at the care and service provided to diverse populations, honoring the patient’s lived experience. The concept has three tenets: Lifelong learning and self-reflection, Mitigating power imbalances, Institutional accountability.
Concept of Trauma and Guidance for a Trauma-Informed Approach Prepared by U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration’s (SAMHSA) Trauma and Justice Strategic Initiative.
Best Practices for Promoting Wellness and Supporting Refugee Populations Toolkit prepared by the International Rescue Committee (IRC) U.S. Programs was designed to support efforts to help refugees orient, adjust, and thrive in their new communities, with a mixture of best practice descriptions, guidelines, samples, presentations, training activities, worksheets, etc. Included is discussion of the Triple Trauma Paradigm, developed in the early 1990s and widely used to describe the unique stressors refugees and immigrants fleeing violence or persecution face during their three phased journey to safety.
Cultural Assessment Models with Sample Scripts Phyllis R. Coolen, DNP, MN, RN, provides examples of a number of cultural assessment models, with questions, sample scripts and strategies for the health care provider that may be useful in eliciting information related to culture, including Kleinman and Campbell’s Patient Explanatory Assessment Model, Geiger-Davidhizar’s Cultural Assessment Model and Kagawa-Singer & Blackhall’s ABCD Cultural Assessment Model.
Project Implicit is a non-profit organization and international collaboration between researchers who are interested in implicit social cognition – thoughts and feelings outside of conscious awareness and control. The Implicit Association Test (IAT) measures attitudes and beliefs that people may be unwilling or unable to report..
This project is a collaboration between the EthnoMed Program, based in the Interpreter Services Department of Harborview Medical Center, University of Washington Department of Family Medicine, and Seattle University’s Doctor of Nursing Practice Program.
General Caveat.
References
Arshad, M., Horsfall, A., & Yasin, R. (2004). Pregnancy loss — the Islamic perspective. The British Journal of Midwifery, 12, 481-485.
American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (2020). Management of Stillbirth: Obstetric Care Consensus, Number 10.
Bellhouse, C., Temple-Smith, M., Watson, S., & Bilardi, J. (2019). “The loss was traumatic… some healthcare providers added to that”: Women’s experiences of miscarriage. Women and birth : journal of the Australian College of Midwives, 32(2), 137–146.
Benza, S., & Liamputtong, P. (2014). Pregnancy, childbirth and motherhood: a meta-synthesis of the lived experiences of immigrant women. Midwifery, 30(6), 575–584.
Brooks, K., Stifani, B., Batlle, H. R., Nunez, M. A., Erlich, M., & Diaz, J. (2016). Patient Perspectives on the Need for and Barriers to Professional Medical Interpretation. Rhode Island medical journal (2013), 99(1), 30–33.
Catlin A. (2018). Interdisciplinary Guidelines for Care of Women Presenting to the Emergency Department With Pregnancy Loss. MCN. The American journal of maternal child nursing, 43(1), 13–18.
Chang, E. S., Simon, M., & Dong, X. (2012). Integrating cultural humility into health care professional education and training. Advances in health sciences education : theory and practice, 17(2), 269–278.
Chichester M. (2005). Multicultural issues in perinatal loss. AWHONN lifelines, 9(4), 312–320.). Medical Interpreting Pre-Session. Retrieved from
Filler, T., Jameel, B., & Gagliardi A.R. (2020). Barriers and facilitators of patient centered care for immigrant and refugee women: a scoping review. BMC Public Health. 20(1013).
Harrod, T., & Lipscomb, M. (2010). Healing Encounters Curriculum. Retrieved from.
Kang H. K. (2014). Influence of culture and community perceptions on birth and perinatal care of immigrant women: doulas’ perspective. The Journal of perinatal education, 23(1), 25–32.
Kingdon, C., Givens, J. L., O’Donnell, E., & Turner, M. (2015). Seeing and Holding Baby: Systematic Review of Clinical Management and Parental Outcomes After Stillbirth. Birth (Berkeley, Calif.), 42(3), 206–218.
Koenig, B. A., & Gates-Williams, J. (1995). Understanding cultural difference in caring for dying patients. The Western journal of medicine, 163(3), 244–249.
Kripalani, S., Bussey-Jones, J., Katz, M. G., & Genao, I. (2006). A prescription for cultural competence in medical education. Journal of general internal medicine, 21(10), 1116–1120.
Murray, K. E., Davidson, G. R., & Schweitzer, R. D. (2010). Review of refugee mental health interventions following resettlement: best practices and recommendations. The American journal of orthopsychiatry, 80(4), 576–585.
National Alliance of State and Territorial AIDS Directors (2015). Practicing Cultural Responsiveness in Health Care Delivery Settings. Retrieved from
Van P. (2012). Conversations, coping, & connectedness: a qualitative study of women who have experienced involuntary pregnancy loss. Omega, 65(1), 71–85.Spindogs Digital Agency continues to solve problems and create online solutions for brands and businesses. They have gained a phenomenal team of 50 trained and creative individuals since 2004. Their passion is solving problems, developing solutions and thinking of creative and unique ideas for their clients.
Spindogs routine each day is to strategise, design and build websites and marketing campaigns that meet their clients need and requirements, and then wholly exceed their vision.
Spindogs Digital has delivered hundreds of digital projects for many years now, and their main goal is creating relationships with the people they work with for a long time.
Spindogs spend the time getting to know each client before the work begins. That way, they have a better understanding of their online presence, while simultaneously using their experience and expertise to add value and help each client achieve their online goals.
The team at Spindogs works meticulously hard to ensure they have a full understanding and awareness of any new client relationship. This is the reason Spindogs has multiplied since 2004.
Also, Spindogs Web Agency listen to their clients, a simple but necessary step to building their relationship with the client. Because of this, their support and account management teams have significantly grown to support their clients with what they need to become more successful online. They also have a skilled content team that can work with you to define your audience and tell your story.
Spindogs is proud that many of the clients who joined them in 2004 are still working with the digital agency, with over 85% of their work coming from existing clients.
One of their clients – Triumph Motorcycles, is the largest motorcycle manufacturer in Britain, and it has also become one of the most iconic motorcycle brands in the world.
Their brand exhibits a range of high-end motorcycles, exclusive motorcycle clothing and custom-designed merchandise. They are a global brand, and they work hard and pay great attention to detail and quality.
Spindogs brief for this brand involved designing and developing the Spring/Summer 2018 Triumph Consumer Clothing brochure, which is an 88-page catalogue distributed worldwide.
The solutions the Spindogs team employed for this brand began with talking to the brand’s target market, then extensive research, a behind-the-scenes tour of the product development facility, and taking part and helping out in photo shoots for the clothing brochure.
Spindogs Digital mention that one of the most gratifying parts of the project was delivering the brochure on time and within budget, especially since the work involved multiple language translations and extra time needed for the print phase.
Another brand Spindogs works with is the new Coffee #1 website. They needed to showcase the brand, and reinforce their position as the ‘place to stop and sit’.
Spindogs solution to this brand’s requirements began with identifying ways to translate the offline experience to the web, looking first at the navigation, visuals and content.
According to Coffee #1, “Spindogs was the perfect partner for our website brief – understanding our key challenges and driving our online presence to the next level”.
Spindogs strive to solve problems and create online solutions for businesses, and it is no surprise their motto is “Day in and day out…Digital is our business”.
If you ring Spindogs today on 02920 480720, you will receive the best online service from an accredited, experienced web agency. You can also email patricia.deeside@gmail.com for more information, or go online to and browse through the brands they work with.Language
Currency
US$
At least 0 pcs, please select new size or adjust quantity
Adding to cart succeed
0 item(s) in cart, Subtotal: US$ 0 sweaters from Dear-lover has exquisite design and attractive price
Your email:
Do you want other colors:
Other inquiry:
We'll send your to first when the item is arrival
Average Rating
LC2721135-16
color:blue
size:s
I absolutely love this sweater I’ve been looking for those Pinterest trending button up cropped long sleeves and this is it!!!
Feb 23, 2021- This event has passed.
Friday, November 26 @ 9:49 pm
- This event has passed.
City Bikes Independence Day
July 4, 2020.
Distances:
SPRINT TRIATHLON
Swim .25 mi | Bike 10 mi | Run 3 mi
SPRINT DUATHLON
Run .75 mi | Bike 10 mi | Run 3 miHOME > ABOUT
We're here to help. At Dorrington Poole we pride ourselves on commitment to exceptional service and outstanding client relationships. Our firm offers quality legal work by a friendly, knowledgeable and forward-thinking team.
Our Team
At Dorrington Poole our experts are approachable, experienced and empathetic and keep up to date with changes in our law to provide you with accurate advice. Our team have a deep commitment to client service and delivering through diligent advice.
Our team is dedicated to delivering thorough and diligent advice and exceptional support in everything we do. As our clients have come to expect, all of our staff provide excellent, timely advice. We are here to help.
Our History
Dorrington Poole Lawyers was founded in 1914 by Percy Dorrington. Marcus Poole joined the partnership in 1948 and held a practicing certificate until 2006.
In 1990 a merger took place with Dobson Smith & Co, Nicola Roberts being a partner of Dorrington Poole (and daughter of Marcus Poole) and Stuart Smith being a partner of Dobson Smith & Co. Nicola retired 31st December 2017 and Stuart on the 31st of March 2020, but Stuart remains with Dorrington Poole as a consultant. The firm still acts for families of some of the earliest clients. The long term relationship with those clients gives continuity in a fast changing world. Our lawyers and staff are proud to be part of a culture that values its clients and provides quality professional advice in a relaxed and rural friendly manner.
In Our Community
At Dorrington Poole alongside providing legal services to our clients, a key motivator living in a rural community is helping others reach their goals and find solutions. As a team we are keen to get involved and support on our local community in various ways.
Many of our staff contribute their time and services within the community on various boards, trusts with charitable objectives.
A lot of our selected community groups and events we sponsor comes about through clients which our clients are involved with or that our staff are personally involved with/have a passion for._4<<As you would expect with any Princess Yacht, CANIBA has been designed to the highest specification with socialising, dining and relaxation at the forefront of the design ethos. Thoroughbred performance and an assured, stable ride for effortlessly fast and efficient cruising. Princess 78 can accommodate up to 8 people in 4 staterooms. It can also carry 2 crew members on board to provide a comfortable luxury yacht experience. The timeless style, beautiful furnishings and splendid seating feature, to create an elegant and cozy atmosphere.
KEY FEATURESProperty Attributes
- MLS#221145751
- TypePending
- CountyPLACER
- CityLincoln
- Area12202
- Zip95648
- StyleContemporary
- Price$ 510,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1249
- Lot Size9,317 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Chris Isaacson CalBRE# - 01229906 with RE/MAX Gold Rocklin
Data Source:
MetroList - 47 -CA
Property Description
Here it is! Well taken care of home in a Cul de sac with huge lot. Cozy 3 bedroom 2 bath contemporary home with custom stamped concrete patio, owned 5.525 KW solar system, new water heater and newer HVAC. Open floor plan perfect for entertaining with beautiful wood floors and tile throughout. Master bedroom boasts dual sinks and 2 walk in closets. Extra long driveway ready for your truck or cars. Make this home yours today!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolIf you can’t get up for a match with your local rivals there is something not right. Some of us in the stand felt like lacing up our boots as we would have done better. 15 years in the doldrums and still no proper structures, we are becoming a joke]]>
Brian is on a hiding to nothing with Offaly. One of the all time greats but not even he can make a silk purse out of this particular pigs ear.
Offaly need to go back to basics and invest in their hurling from U14 up with proper academy. A long term project but it is the only they get out of the mire they are in.
I’m a proud Offaly man , and one thing bugs the shite out of me , it’s when people say things like ” the hurlers aren’t there ” or ” they have a small pick ” or ” under age structure isn’t right . Ok I agree there needs to be changes made at under age level , but there’s serious hurlers in that Offaly squad and around the county . Offaly club teams have regularly contended in the bussiness end of the Leinster and all-ireland club championships over the past 10/15 years and beyond ,whether it’s kilcormac , coolderry , birr , or St rynaghs .The main problem in Offaly is morale . Morale is at an all time low among players, management , and supporters . We have the talent past and present around Offaly, we just need something to spark us back into life , please God that something isn’t to far away ! On the faithful !]]>The Only Space
On Chandra Mohanty
"The relationship between "Woman" (a cultural and ideological composite other constructed through diverse representational discourses—scientific, literary, juridical, linguistic, cinematic, etc.) and "women" (real, material subjects of their collective histories) is one of the central questions the practice of feminist scholarship seeks to address. This connection between women as historical subjects and the representation of Woman produced by hegemonic discourses is not a relation of direct identity or a relation of correspondence or simple implication. It is an arbitrary relation set up by particular cultures"-(Chandra Mohanty, Under Western Eyes)
Chandra Mohanty is a feminist scholar whose work.
If you are interested in finding out more, please use this link here.
Please find a copy of Under Western Eyes below.Exquisite Westport Compo Beach residence in the waterfront access. Sun, Sand, Water and Elegance – blended to perfection. Bluewater Lane Westport, CT is a Single Family Home for sale at $10800000 with 11743 sqft and a lot size of 1 Acres Acre(s). 6 Bluewater Lane Westport has 7 bedrooms, 8 baths and was built in 2008..Zach Shelomith
Zach B. Shelomith, Esq. is a bankruptcy attorney and founding member of Leiderman Shelomith Alexander + Somodevilla, PLLC, a boutique bankruptcy law firm in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Mr. Shelomith is Board Certified in Business Bankruptcy Law and Consumer Bankruptcy Law by the American Board of Certification. He handles corporate and personal bankruptcy matters, Assignments for the Benefit of Creditors, bankruptcy litigation and student loan law. Mr. Shelomith has published materials for and has spoken at a number of local, national and international seminars, on various bankruptcy topics. He is the immediate past president of the Bankruptcy Bar Association for the Southern District of Florida, and he is also a member of the American Bankruptcy Institute and the National Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys. Mr. Shelomith serves on the Executive Council of the Bankruptcy Law Section of the Commercial Law League of America and serves as the Co-Chairperson of the Broward County Bar Association Bankruptcy Law Section. Mr. Shelomith co-authored the book Individual Chapter 11, published by the American Bankruptcy Institute and has contributed to other articles of interest in the bankruptcy community..As if the expansion of the Department of Education wasn’t enough, in case No Child Left Behind wasn’t enough of an embarrassment, and as if Common Core wasn’t enough of a massive failure, there is a new movement to introduce a conceptually flawed system into your student’s classroom with a program called “Social-Emotional Learning” (SEL).
According to Heartland Institute senior policy fellow Robert Holland, “the reality is that subjective judgments by government employees using predetermined guidelines will decide how children rate on their ideological views. SEL opens a pathway for encouraging collectivist groupthink—a socialistic mindset—in ways more stealthy than already practiced in government schools. This national commission which was led by the Aspen Institute aims to “set a clear vision that broadens the definition of student success to prioritize the whole child.”
Like previous systems where big corporations and big government colluded, this is another attempt to force collectivist ideas into the classroom with the ultimate aim of having it spread to influence the behavior of the family unit.
What was already seen during the hay day of Common Core was school officials punishing students who did not take part in intrusive and wasteful standardized testing. Common Core also took away control of the classroom from teachers and gave them to employees of companies like Pearson in order to grade the computerized tests, meaning teachers had no input or knowledge as to what was actually occurring. It wasn’t until parents and students from across the political spectrum and around the country started staging walkouts that states began to defund Common Core implementation in their states.
With SEL, students would be taught (what the government and Aspen thinks as proper) “skills, attitudes, character traits, and values to succeed in school, careers, and life.” Holland sums the case against SEL perfectly, stating “The whole child movement depends on the raw exercise of totalitarian power to erase parental rights. To thwart it, parents must gain the clout to select schools that respect family values and help children become well-rounded, independent-thinking individuals.”
Therefore the question remains: Would you feel comfortable with Donald Trump telling your kids how to properly live their lives? What about Barack Obama?
This system, if implemented, would take more power away from educators, families, and students, thus bringing in an insidious opportunity to indoctrinate your kids into believing certain beliefs, standards, or systems that go against your role as a parent and beliefs as an individual.2am in Hanoi
It's 2am, Hanoi.
Humidity, 93%.
The kind of conditions ideal for countering the gluttony of the festive season, but the cuisine here won’t allow such fanciful notions. Street food occupies literally every kerb and property frontage in Vietnam’s capital.
Stepping out amongst the swarms of Vespas and other lesser mopeds, which have far less style & appeal, traversing down the main arteries of this bustling city is a life skill the locals have mastered long ago.
Ironically kerb-side appeal is not the forefront of every Vietnamese restaurateur. Most restaurants nestle between the kerb and telegraph poles, strangled in a nest of wires, reflecting the rice paper wrapped spring rolls, fighting for their own space with which to entice both the Hanoians and tourists alike. The constant buzz and yo-yoing headlights of the passing bikes, provide the soundtrack and strobe lighting effect for your dining experience. A non-stop attack of the senses.
Tables here are mostly ‘PepsiCo’ endorsed, and from 1975, and are more suitable for the dining rituals for a toddler, at only 14 inches high. The 'restaurants' previous clients’ dinner brushed to the floor, to make way for your vastly more important arrival and time spent spending your Vietnamese Dong. Megaphones appear to further announce your presence or maybe it's simply more post-communist propaganda.
Pride here begins with the sourcing of the ingredients, the success in the abundance of flavour. It's survival on the efficiency of being served.
London would describe this as a 'pop up', but this is no passing fad, this is evidently food culture, a way of life.
For as modest as the restaurants are, the fayre is varied. Dishes of shellfish, salmon and trout, to a selection of meat cuts that even a Parisian butcher may have disregarded, (namely chicken feet & brains) skewed, whole frogs (the Parisian didn't think to use whole reptile previously) all marinated. The corn on the cob, banana and bok choi, would keep any mum happy, safe in the knowledge their child is getting sufficient vegetable intake.
Offerings are scandalously cheap when compared to ‘Western’ prices, but this is only an added bonus, as the food is prepared lovingly.
Paraffin-fuelled stoves illuminate the kitchen, the visual cooking display a delight, and would command the label of chef’s table. No premium applied here.
Our waiter is eight years old, at a guess. The restaurant manager, attentive, serene, beautiful and calm.
Despite a lack of drinking water & refrigeration at most restaurants, fear not. Blind faith, plus an abundance of chilli, lime & garlic will keep you safe.
As Peter Kay said ' the buffet is open'!
'Calm in the Chaos'
Heading South…
Leaving urban life in the rearview, the Western friendly protein of chicken and beef, become scarce. As such, vegetarian food takes centre stage, albeit through necessity rather than choice. Protein, if available, turns to the more readily accessible goat, from the lush pastures of the national park. With this being Vietnam, street dog is also always an option, if an oft unpalatable one.
The designer mongrel (more commonly referred to as a labradoodle), is back home, a million miles away from the Vietnamese who would see him in a totally different light. He’ll be 'chillaxing' on the sofa, disapprovingly watching Sky, still miffed he didn't receive a designer jumper for Christmas, like those adorned by the K9 mutts that accompany the celebrities he watches on Sky Atlantic. However, should the rascal dare partake in the destruction of my personal items again, a trip to the area that sits just north of Tam Coc will be inevitable…
'Get off my Sofa'
Despite the obvious and stark cultural differences, that see dogs as nothing more than a meal, one must admire the basting skills of the Vietnamese cooks. The skin crisp and golden brown. I've seen chefs not even achieve this with pigeons, in bubble baths of thyme, butter, bay leaf and garlic.
Continuing towards Nha Trang via Hue, the food continues to pack a punch. Bold flavours, allied with great depth and variety. Hints of the souths sweet tooth become more noticeable. Perhaps reflective of the economic rise, growth and a new addiction to 'western' sweet, E-number saturated convenience food, or even an acknowledgement to the past, of American soldiers drinking cola and chewing gum in between their brutal battles with the Viet Cong. Either way, the combination of textures (deep fried noodle, grated peanuts for example), the sweetness of the sauces, combined expertly with spices and broths, is truly breathtaking.
Imagine Bruce Lee at the 1964 Long Beach Karate Convention, and the famous one inch punch demonstration, developed from Wing Chun. Food from Hue to Hoi An reflects this, but one quarter inch short, it makes its move. A devilish potency and burst of flavour from the herbs, grown in abundance in the region, that simply knocks you off your chair, Bruce Lee or no Bruce Lee.
Food here, could aptly be described as Jeet Kune Do.
'The Mermaid (Nhu Y) Restaurant
2 Tran Phu St
Hoi An
Vietnam'
Traveling south from Hoi An, the food literally goes south, and judging by tooth decay, in addition to rising obesity, the wet & sugary rot of Vietnamese cuisine, is rotting from the bottom up.
------------------------------------------------------------
Awesome Peanut Sauce
100g peanuts, preferably unsalted
100ml condensed milk
200ml coconut milk
Szechuan pepper- add to taste
Small amount of chilli flakes
Blend all the above together, pour into serving bowls
Drizzle honey and season generously with large flakes of salt, do not stir, as the sweetness and saltiness, varying as you dip, adds interest. Simple yet divine.
#Hanoi #recipe #JeetKuneDo #Holiday #JourneyClassic Sour Cream and Fruit-Topped Cheesecake
:max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/cheesecake-1500-57bb942b5f9b58cdfd731b61.jpg)
The Spruce / Diana Rattray
This classic cheesecake is an excellent dessert made with a topping of sour cream and cherry pie filling for topping. Feel free to change it slightly with strawberry or blueberry pie filling. Or omit the pie filling and serve the cheesecake with hot fudge topping or butterscotch sauce.
Ingredients
- For the Crust:
- 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar
- 1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs
- 4 ounces butter (melted)
- For the Filling:
- 1 cup granulated sugar
- 3 (8 oz.) packages cream cheese
- 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
- 4 large eggs
- For the Topping:
- 1 1/2 cups sour cream
- 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar
- 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
- 1 (21 oz) can cherry pie filling
Steps to Make It
Gather the ingredients.
Preheat the oven to 350 F/180 C/Gas Mark 4.
Combine 1/4 cup of confectioners' sugar with the graham cracker crumbs and melted butter; blend thoroughly.
Pack the crumbs firmly into the bottom of an 8 or 9-inch springform pan.
Wrap the pan bottom and sides with heavy-duty foil to prevent leaks.
In a mixing bowl with an electric mixer, beat 1 cup of granulated sugar with the cream cheese, 1 teaspoon of vanilla, and 4 large eggs.
Pour into the graham cracker crust.
Bake in the preheated oven for 50 minutes.
Remove cheesecake from the oven and increase the oven temperature to 425 F.
In a small bowl, combine the sour cream with 1/4 cup of confectioners' sugar and 2 teaspoons of vanilla.
Spread the mixture over the cheesecake and return it to the hot oven. Continue baking for 8 minutes.
Remove to a rack to cool completely.
Top with cherry pie filling and chill thoroughly or chill the cheesecake without the topping and serve with topping drizzled over each slice.
Serve and enjoy1
Recipe Tags:Warm Toddlers Hat and Scarf Set $ 12.99 Variants Default Title - $ 12.99 Quantity Add to Cart This product is currently sold out. Please fill in the form below if you'd like to be notified when it becomes available. Your Email Adorable and warm Hat and Scarf Set. Winter Hat and Scarf to cover the ears. For 1-3 Toddlers.13 Oct Get Ready For 2022
Posted at 07:26h in Uncategorized 0 Comments
We hope that you are getting ready for the coming year. We look forward to having a fun, educational, successful year ahead. If you are a parent or a student in the school, please feel free to share your views with us on the comments section.
Lets Engage for the growth of out ST. Marks Community.
#WALKTALLNext time you are eating ask yourself that question “Am I really Hungry”? If the answer is yes, then be aware of where you feel that hunger. Real hunger is gradual.
Its physical and that physical sensation is felt in your stomach. Real hunger is not triggered by emotions or circumstance, or even walking past a bakery. It’s not triggered by being bored, stressed, upset or lonely. Hunger is a real physical response in your body. Unfortunately,most of us are oblivious to it. Knowing the difference between real hunger and emotional hunger or emotional eating will help you take back control of food instead of feeling that food controls you.
So, what if the answer to that question is “No, I’m not actually hungry”, what do you do then? I want you to ask yourself another question – “Why am I wanting to eat this?” Are you bored, stressed, angry? Is it someone’s birthday and you think you should have that piece of cake because others are? Do you have a craving for that piece of chocolate? Being aware at this stage that you are eating emotionally and not because you are actually hungry is liberating. Listening to your body and being aware of what you are feeling BEFORE you eat will give you freedom. You will be making an absolute conscious decision whether to eat or not. At we are dedicated to helping you know the difference.
Mindful or Mindless Eating?
We have been programmed since early childhood to eat at certain times regardless of whether we are hungry or not. That’s just what we do, what we learned, and we pass it on to each generation.
How many times were you told to finish everything on your plate before you were allowed to leave the table or allowed dessert as a reward? Were you told to hurry and eat because you had to get to school or do chores or homework. Do you do the same thing to your children? I’m guessing probably you do.
What this actually does is teach people to eat when they are not hungry and to eat fast. A definite recipe for being overweight. Food was used as a reward, as a special treat. Given to us to make us feel better when we have been upset or emotional, or a reward for making grades at school or achieving milestones. Have you ever dieted, lost weight or reached your goal weight and then rewarded yourself with food? Yeh, me too.
Notice how you eat. First one finished at the table? If you eat fast slow down. It takes approximately 15-20 minutes for your stomach to tell your brain that you have eaten. People who eat fast are likely to eat 2/3 times more than they actually need in that timespan then hit the stuffed, bloated and feeling sick stage.
Cutting your food up, chewing at least 15-20 times, tasting it, savouring the flavour before swallowing, you will automatically eat less. You will get to a stage of satiety where your brain will say STOP. Am I Really Hungry?
Food left on your plate? Worried about wasting food? Wrap it up and eat it later if you are hungry. Learn to reduce your portion size to what you actually eat mindfully to eliminate any food wastage. If this is the only tool you use when eating I promise you, you will eat less, and lose weight. It takes some practice but master the process and you will master your weight. But it’s like anything – you have to do it.
We have an abundance of wonderful nutritional food available to us today and it seems to me we have lost the ability to enjoy, savour and really taste our food. So, next time you are eating just notice if you are eating fast or slow and make a conscious decision to enjoy the process of eating, savouring the flavours and textures and making it an event instead of a quick fix.
If you need any help mastering your relationship with food in anyway, visit our website or call us and see how we can help you take control permanently.
Adjudication application guide
An adjudicator may find an adjudication application to be outside their jurisdiction meaning they cannot make a decision on the money owed. It's important that you meet all the requirements when delivering an adjudication application so this doesn’t happen to you.
Completing your adjudication application form
- Complete all details of the application where applicable
- Print clearly in BLOCK LETTERS
- Take particular care to correctly identify the business details of the respondent and the contract in dispute
- Do NOT use correction fluid – any mistakes should be crossed out and initialled
Supporting documentation
Your supporting documentation may include:
- The payment claim to which the application relates;
- The contract to which the payment claim relates;
- A payment schedule given in response to the payment claim;
- If a party to the application gave the other party a document in support of the payment claim or the payment schedule at the time the claim or schedule was given to the other party
- Contract related documents e.g. written agreement to variations, extension of time, program of work
- An expert report about a matter to which the payment claim relates;
- A statutory declaration about a matter which the payment claim relates.
Supporting submission
Although it is not required, it is important to include with your adjudication application your submission to prove your entitlement to claim.
The submission will assist the adjudicator to understand the detail of the project and the reasons why you have arrived at your position and they will consider this when making their decision. If there are no submissions, it may be hard for them to make a decision in your favour.
Make sure that your submission states facts rather than thoughts and feelings about the situation. You may find it helpful to step back from the situation and write the submission as if it was about someone else.
For claims $25,000 and under your submission;
- must be no more than 10 pages; and
- if typed must be size 10 font or bigger with a margin of 2.54cm
There is no restriction for claims over $25,000.
See Industry guide to security of payment (PDF) for more information..
The registry provides a consumer advisory service that can be contacted on 139 333.
You may wish to seek legal advice. if you are unsure whether your adjudication application meets the requirements.With locations in North Park, Liberty Station, Encinitas, East Village, Ocean Beach, Carmel Valley, Pacific Beach, Mission Valley, Irvine, Costa Mesa and West Hollywood, Breakfast Republic is raising feathers in Southern California.
CLICK TO READ OWNER’S BIO
sparkfireswan
A&A Things We Would Do Differently After Full-Time RVing For A Year
End of Week #57
Gualala River Redwood Park, Gualala CA
Miles traveled since last week's post = 0
Total miles traveled to date = 7,955 with trailer
So here we are at Tuesday evening, late again for my weekly blog day. Sunday Adam and I each worked our 'regular shift' and some additional hours as well, and yesterday we took a day trip inland to Santa Rosa and we were gone for about 8 hours. Today we headed out to the beach, regardless of any wind - and we sat in the sand all day listening to the waves crashing. It was a marvelous last day off before the madness of the holiday week begins. It is going to be a busy weekend here at the park with 4th of July, as we are sold out to occupancy and we will be having an employee cookout/party Saturday night at one of the campsites.
Today also happens to be Adam and I's one year anniversary since we had our 'See You Later' party in Stillwater, MN and where we got surprise engaged! So much has changed in just one year time and there is so much that I am constantly reflecting on too. I love looking back at how much we have grown together in such a relatively short time, and all the lessons for the future that we have learned along the way.
This week's post will specifically dive into things we would do differently in our full-time RV life after being on the road for a year now.
A&A Things We Would Have Done Differently After Full-Time RVing For A Year
You don't know what you don't know until you do know it... and it's hard to make the best decision for uprooting your whole entire life when there are so many different options available that could work for you, but you've just never tried them all yet. I like to think we did a really good job with the process of elimination when we were doing our research and discussing how we wanted things to go. We made a lot of lists with pros and cons and really tried to walk through different circumstances to justify our decisions. We also watched a lot of hours of YouTube videos online, read articles, looked at blog posts and did our very bests to prepare for anything the open road might throw at us.
Regardless of how hard we tried to prepare, there are always things that come up that make you realize you could have done things differently, and may have been happier in doing so. Here is our current lists of things:
1. Different rig, different truck.
There are so many different options to choose from when looking at an RV to live in. We tried to make lists and analysis of things we saw and researched and to then decide what would work best for us, for the cats, and for traveling and living in full-time. Last spring, when we purchased our RV, we were weighing options between a motorhome and a trailer. Now, in hindsight, we see more benefits to a motorhome than we did a year prior and we would even enjoy the idea of a 5th wheel too! If we would have gotten a motorhome, traveling with the cats might have been a lot easier and it would have been easier to take a nap while driving or fix snacks for us both too. We could have kept my Buick car that I loved so much and towed that behind us and used that for adventuring so that we did not have to drag our home everywhere. Years ago Adam also had a really nice Chevy truck that he loved and we could have kept that to use with a 5th wheel.
But that's the thing, you don't know these things until it's too late and you often just have to make the most of what you did decide to do, as at the time it was the decision you felt the most strongly about! We absolutely love our Grand Design travel trailer, but sometimes towing with the van is really stressful (and you can't tow it everywhere you want to), and the way we situated the inside of the van for the cats did not at all work out how I had imagined. Since we really don't let them roam free in the van while driving, the extra space is really only used for us to store more of our things, and ultimately we could have fit the whole crew in a cab of a truck just fine.
2. Saved up longer.
Everything unfolded really quickly for us, as this plan to go nomadic was birthed in the middle of October 2018, and put into full initiation in May 2019 when we quit our jobs and moved out of our house. Of course we saved up as much as possible during that time frame, saving Christmas money, bonus money at work, and all of our tax return money to put into preparations. But having an additional year or so to save up even more could have really benefited us tremendously in the long run. Ideally if we could have each saved an additional $10K personally that could be used as emergency funds, on the road funds, or funds for buying land in the future, that would have been great to have. (Not to mention having some funds to plan a small wedding would have been wonderful too!)
I do like to believe that things worked out how they were supposed to, no matter what, as another year of saving would have brought us to the crazy year of 2020 when covid happened and everything went to hell. If we waited any longer our plan may have never got off the ground.
3. Sold house sooner.
We sort of missed a grand window of opportunity with our townhouse, by just a few weeks time. Two townhomes on each side of us went up for sale in early April 2019, and ended up going into a bidding war that resulted in offers $20K over asking price. If we had just put ours up for sale sooner, we could have been a part of that bidding war too and came out of the gate a little more prepared. But unfortunately for us, when this was happening, we had not even quit our jobs yet, hadn't sold everything yet, and were feeling very unprepared to put the house for sale. We ended up waiting until Memorial weekend in May, and by that time the market in Woodbury, MN had already changed so much. We waited over a month just to get the one and only offer that allowed us to sell our house, and that was such a long stressful process to ride out!
We also should have did more preparations to tidy the house us, such as replacing blinds, carpet, and other things that would make it appear more profitable. The townhome desperately needed new windows, but that was something we were unfortunately not prepared for financially and had to let slide, thus diminishing it's value. Lastly, we should have kept some of our belongings in the house to stage it while it was on the market. We truly believed at the time that it was the easiest to just get out of the way with all of our stuff instead of having to make trips back and forth from Wisconsin, with random things still left inside that we would have to scramble to get rid of. But ultimately it made the house so empty and uninviting and I think that could have steered some people away too!
4. Moved the trailer to Wisconsin before we moved into it.
Don't get me wrong, we were completely new at all of this, but one thing I think we both just overlooked in the midst of all the stress and chaos was the idea of going to pick the trailer up from the dealership a weekend or two before moving into it and bringing it to Wisconsin where we were staying for a few months. If we would have done that, it would have made moving out of the house so much smoother and our trip up to Wisconsin would have only been about 3 hours instead of 10 hours. Not to mention we were not able to fit everything we were keeping into the van on move out day, and had to leave some of it unattended in the garage to come back for the next weekend, during an open house. If we would have moved some things up north and into the trailer the weekend prior, it would have been a lot easier on us (and the cats) and we would have been able to grab everything too!
5. More practice runs with the cats while driving.
In all honesty, I probably only gave them a handful of test runs in a vehicle, our big block van, for about 1-2 weeks before departing. As they are older cats, and more set in their ways, this was absolutely not enough time for them to get used to being in the van, traveling in the vehicle, and staying in it for extended amounts of times. They were (and still are) constantly scared, nervous and anxious while traveling. I don't blame them - they have no idea what is going on and I have no way to explain it to them, but I like to think that they are getting more used to being nomad cats over time, and it will hopefully only continue more.
I also wish that over the course of their little bengal cat lives, they could have had more interactions with humans and people in general. We love to take them out for walks at every new campground and campsite and they get so startled and scared by other people who are just trying to admire them. Not to mention if any of our friends or family were to come into our RV, they would immediately still try to hide - and there sure are not a lot of places for them to go!
6. Boondock more.
Honestly, we went into this experience planning to boondock as much as possible every place we go. We told our friends and family we would be doing that, I wrote about doing that, we envisioned doing that... and when it came down to it we really only did it a few times. After having a pretty traumatizing experience in the Badlands with severe weather, and after staying in a few sketchy places elsewhere, we became really reliant on hookups and safety of camp hosts and other people to be around us. We became dependent on WiFi and electricity and really felt the most safe leaving our home someplace with a gate or host in order to go off for the day to explore other places. Not to mention we were not prepared the best for harnessing the sun, and don't have any solar set up yet, and have been experiencing some issues with one of our RV slides that makes us scared to not have electric hooked up to it.
Another thing we have not utilized enough yet on this journey is the ability to boondock on business land and private lands through the use of Harvest Hosts and Boondocker's Welcome. This is something we will look into more when we hit the road again this fall after our workamping job ends. Memberships are only around $50 a year and allow you to stay at host locations for free!
7. Started out a little slower on the road.
I look back to those first two months on the open road after we left my grandparents house in South Dakota, and as we cruised through Wyoming, southern Idaho, Utah and Colorado, and it really comes to me as much of a blur. I wish we would have taken our time more through those states and realized that all we really have is time, and there is no reason to rush through any part of this journey. Of course we had the seasons changing going against us and we were outrunning snow for almost that entire journey, but it would have been great to spend more than a few days in a lot of those locations.
One of the reasons why I felt it was right to take this workamping job we are currently fulfilling in northern California was to give us an opportunity to pause somewhere we would have really never have gotten the chance to experience in this way. it allows us time to immerse ourselves in the community, the people, the places, and pause and rest somewhere safe during these unknown times. We are definitely all about slowing down, as there is no rush to finish anytime soon, and we have done a great job in staying in many places for a month or longer in the past 6 months.
%.
Important concepts of crushers and jaw crusher apr 19, 2018 jaw crusher is a machine that helps in crushing heavy weighted stones. there are basically two typ of jaw crushers available. the two basic types of machines include the double toggle and
Jaw crusher with advanced technology plant construction recycling of waste concrete has become an important issue that the government needs
Applications and importance of jaw crusher jaw crusher new concepts in jaw crusher technology sciencedirect..
Mobile crushing concepts crusher mills concepts in jaw crusher concrete crushers hxj
Types of crushers in sampling applications mclanahan important parts Of gyratory crusher. important parts of a gyratory crusher, also known as the accessory of jaw crusher, is an important part of the crusher, hydraulic cone crusher spear parts superior gyratory crushers superior gyratory crushers superior primary gyratory the first step in high-capacity crushing, tips, and important
Portable crushing equipment sales and rental thompson.
Quartz and quartz crusher concept import amp expor the importance of choke feeding a cone crusher. it is very important to choke feed your cone crusher to ensure even liner wear and better autogenous rock on rock crushing occurs when the chamber is full
Consept of jaw crusher ristorante la perla jaw crusher concept ME mining machinery..
Design concept of crusher machines concept of crusher machines ajm-bouchers. concept of crusher machine know more. concept of crusher machine lasverganchas
Choke feeding of.
Old jaw crusher inethiopia jan 01, 1990.
Important parts of a gyratory crusher vehiklo new ideas in primary jaw crusher design design and manufacture of 66-inch 84-inch jaw crusher utilizing open feed throat concept, power savings and automation features
Design concept of crusher machines.
Pev series jaw crusher af minerals with advanced technology plant jaw crusher automationcrusher automation coarse conmix crusher applications and importance Of
Engineered for the toughest feed materials nordberg jaw crusher concept and design- ats mining machine supplier. jaw crusher concept and design. sandvik singletoggle jaw crusher is engineered for even the toughest applications thanks to its heavyduty design characterized by an attention to detail in its design and manufacture this machine is an excellent choice when you need high production
New concepts in jaw crusher technology sciencedirect design concept Of jaw crusher funfoods. crusher. get
New concepts in jaw crusher technology sciencedirect.
Design concept of crusher machines series jaw crushers have a strong pinned and bolted, non-welded frame getting the kinematics of the movable jaw dies right is an important aspect when considering the performance of a jaw crusher. our concept prevents the pitman bearings from twisting
Design concept of crusher,
Design concept of crusher machines pev series jaw crushers are literally designed from the inside out because the cavity is the heart and only purpose of the jaw crusher. that is why over the years, great attention has been paid to the feed opening dimensions as well as to the cavity height.
Applications and importance of jaw crusher
Choke feeding of jaw.
Old jaw crusher inethiopia mobile jaw crusher indonesia,mobile jaw crusher sale,portable mobile jaw crusher introduction. mobile jaw crusher plant concept is fully adaptable to all mobile crushing needs, it set up a new range of business opportunities for
Cone crusher basics in minutes sandvik mining automation concept of a jaw crusher. important concepts of crushers and jaw crusher. new concepts in jaw crusher technology sciencedirect In effect the swing jaw was modified to be suspended on its hinge pin from the outside of the crusher as shown in figure ew concepts in jaw crusher technology Fi big bite modified linear swing jaw configuration the result was aFormat
The manuscript should be delivered as a Word document. (Please use the in-built spell-checker to avoid typing and spelling errors.)
Headings should be numbered (1, 1.1, etc.) and they should not exceed two levels.
Italics are used (sparingly) for emphasised text as well as for the titles of publications.
Do not use notes unless absolutely necessary. There should be no bibliographic notes (i.e. those with references as their main contents). Word's footnotes or endnotes are preferred, but if notes are added manually, they should be placed at the end of the manuscript (before the list of references) with note numbers in superscript.
Graphic material should be numbered sequentially according to its type (Table 1, Table 2, Picture 1, Picture 2, etc.).
While tables should be inserted in the text, other graphics should be supplied as separate files, preferably in editable formats (such as Excel or Photoshop), or as PDF or TIFF documents (please provide high resolution). The name of a graphic file should match its type and number (e.g. Picture 1.pdf).
Colours should not be used (only greyscale).
Any text incorporated in a graphic should be copied in the manuscript. Additional text such as titles, sources, legends, etc., should be inserted in the manuscript at the appropriate places, not in graphic documents.Elliot Page: his first public appearance since coming out transgender
“Hi friends. I want to share with you that I’m trans, my pronouns are he / they and my name is Elliot.” On December 1,
Emma Portner was born on November 26, 1994 in Ottawa, Canada. She grew up in her hometown with her two brothers. At the age of three, she began to practice dance, which quickly became her passion.
She took dance classes at the Leeming Dance Works in Ottawa and spent her summers training at the National Ballet of Canada. After several years of training, the young girl obtained her dance diploma from the Canterbury High School of Performing Arts. She then moved to New York City to attend the Ailey School, where she studied for a year.
Then she launched her career and her talent was rewarded by the American Dance Awards as young choreographer of the year. Her beginnings are a bit laborious, she has difficulty to make the public move for her shows, but everything changes when she choreographs and dances in the video Life is Worth of Justin Bieber. She will also take care of one of his tours.
Noticed, the young woman receives many proposals: videos, shows … At 23 years, she will realize the choreography of the musical: Bat out of Hell, then she creates several shows. She is now a recognized and respected artist in the entertainment industry. She founded her own dance company named Emma Portner and Artists. She also collaborates regularly with his wife Ellen Page.
On the heart side, she met Ellen Page in May 2017 and the couple made their love story official in July 2017. On January 3, 2018, they announce on their Instagram accounts, that they got married. In January 2021, Elliot Page announces his separation with Emma Portner.
“Hi friends. I want to share with you that I’m trans, my pronouns are he / they and my name is Elliot.” On December 1,
End clap for Elliot Page and Emma Portner. The two stars divorce after three years of relationship. The media Page Six reveals that the young
Ellen Page is no more. Tuesday, December 1, the star known for his roles in the movie Juno or in one of the successful seriesI'm sitting in JFK airport, hungover from four days of nonstop gallivanting, unshaven, smelly, trying to piece it all back together amid the buzz and bustle of travelers and the stink of overheated food. Blame the CMJ Music Marathon, a storm of sorts that strikes New York in the early fall, leaving a trail of bands and fans disoriented in its wake.
I got off the plane at 5:30 p.m. last Wednesday, and New York City hit me like a sweat sock full of pennies. Every city has a smell. San Francisco smells almost laundry-detergent fresh, the fog and crisp temperatures conspiring to wipe the air clean of offensive odors. Not so in NYC. Here it smells like exhaust, urine, and vomit, of machines and trash. If you bottled this scent you'd call it “Urban,” and for some reason I can't get enough of it.
After cabbing it from the airport to midtown to get my credentials, cabbing it downtown to drop off my bags, cabbing it back uptown to meet a friend, then cabbing it crosstown to a place called the Hiro Ballroom, I wound up sitting in a quiet room watching Jolie Holland, finally feeling like I had arrived. As those of you who've seen her around S.F. know, Holland plays spare, old-timey folk music that sounds as if it'd been written in a dusty attic while the artist sat on a homemade quilt — that is, until she sings the occasional “motherfucker.” Her voice is sweet like maple syrup, her strumming as gentle and lilting as a walk in the park at sunset; her guitarist and percussionist both have surgeon's hands, adding just enough accompaniment — a reverb-soaked chord, some brushed snares — to shade in the songs. I couldn't help but find it appropriate that as we hustled into the venue about five minutes late, Holland was in the middle of “Goodbye California.” This felt right. The place itself did not. “It's nice to be in Japan,” Holland joked, because the Hiro is an entirely red room filled with Chinese lanterns and Asian art of all different kinds — very Manhattan and totally absurd. I ordered a Budweiser, but the bar didn't stock it. All the spot had was Japanese beers, which cost $7 each. “Welcome to New York,” whispered my friend.
Still, you can always count on a cave to stock Bud. Downstairs at the Lit Lounge — where S.F. label Birdman Group was showcasing its artists (Modey Lemon and APES, among others) — the walls were made of jagged rock, as though the place had been constructed using dynamite. And this is where more friends of mine came to meet us, and the Budweiser flowed.
By the time we got to the Donnas' show at the Bowery Ballroom at 1:45 a.m., we were all properly pissed, which worked out well because I had an interview to do. Well, not really: The Donnas' PR flack wouldn't grant me one. But when I saw bassist Donna F. hanging out at the bar, I was just drunk enough to think that an impromptu conversation was a good idea, though too drunk to have a decent one. I tapped her shoulder and slurred my name. She was surprisingly accommodating.
“Does it feel different to be playing here in New York, at CMJ, as opposed to San Francisco?” I muttered, shoving a tape recorder in her face.
“It's more fun,” she said, only slightly annoyed. “Playing in San Francisco is usually kind of a letdown, and we're always really tired when we play there because we're always at the end of the tour. Right now we're not even on tour, it's just kind of random. Plus we're playing really late, and we just flew in from Sweden yesterday, so we're really tired.”
“How'd it go in Sweden?”
“It was good. [Note: This whole time I can be heard on the tape saying “yeah” and “cool” and “yeah,” like, every two seconds.] We did press [yeah] and we played a TV show [oh, cool] that was really weird [yeah]. The Swedish girls' [cool] soccer team [yeah] was there. And they made [yeah] a cake — there was this giant [yeah], big [cool] cake made out of Swedish meatballs.”
“Can you give people an idea of what they can expect from this new record [Gold Medal] and your upcoming shows?” I asked, apropos of nothing. (The band has a show this Tuesday, Oct. 26, the day of the record's release, at the Virgin Megastore on Market.)
“Uhhh. It's good. It's really awesome. We might play some new songs. We're gonna get, like, gold amplifiers. That's cool. We might get a cool backdrop.”
“Yeah? Cool. So what's the most frustrating thing about drunken reporters coming up to you in the middle of CMJ and asking you questions?”
“Uh, well, there's so many other people and friends to meet and I don't know where my boyfriend is and I don't know when I have to go onstage, so I'm just a bit confused.”
Not surprisingly, so was I, so I let us both off the hook and went up to the balcony. Oh, and the Donnas' show? It blew turtle farts, and it didn't start until after 3 a.m., which I guess is pretty rock 'n' roll, but there's nothing rockin' about four chicks playing three-chord punk that's about as edgy as an episode of The OC.
The next day I was up at 1 in the afternoon and had a beer in my hand by 2. I saw a bunch of mediocre acts that aren't worth mentioning, and a decent one called the Crimea from the U.K. that plays spastic, explosive post-punk. Later that night I had the pleasure of seeing Petaluma's the Velvet Teen, and the displeasure of noticing that the small club in which the band played was only half full. People, please! This band is amazing. There should be throngs of frothing hipsters ready to scrub the Velvet Teen's feet. Instead there were a few dozen Chatty Cathys there. Ever the consummate professionals, however, the group delivered a sparkling set, playing a selection of old and new songs and closing the show with its 12-minute “Chimera Obscurant,” which was even better live than on record, its climactic buildup made all the more impressive when the sound cut out momentarily and frontman Judah Nagler had to scream the lyrics.
I saw other bands over the next few days (TV on the Radio, which is playing S.F. on Nov. 9 at the Grand, was great as always), but I'm running out of space so I'm going to tell you about the one that mattered most: the Arcade Fire. This Montreal septet is coming to San Francisco in December, so I'll save the bulk of my praise for then. Suffice it to say that the group is this year's Great Discovery. Its songs — filled with accordions, violins, guitars, keyboards, boatloads of percussion, and seven sets of vocal chords — are the most earnest and exhilarating indie epics I've heard in years. When the Arcade Fire performs them live, the musicians (two of whom simply run around the room banging on anything and everything they can get their hands on, including their singer) bring so much energy to the stage that you can't help but clap, dance, and sing along. It's like watching a musical performed by Peter Pan's Lost Boys, a chaotic yet blissfully harmonious experience that left me gasping for air and desperate for another dose.
Gosh, there was more — climbing water towers on top of buildings at 4 in the morning, dinners and galas and to-dos, the Vice magazine party (at which I got to see the much-buzzed-about Dungen from Sweden, whose jangly psych-pop left me unimpressed) — but there's simply no room. CMJ is a musical snow globe that gets shaken once a year, and on the morning I left the metaphorical snow had settled once again. New York was back to its usual anything-but-normal, and as I watched the sunrise from the top-floor apartment in SoHo where I was staying and imagined the smell of “Urban” wafting up from the street, the Arcade Fire was still buzzing around in my head, and I knew that I had had enough and that it was time to go back to San Francisco. And I was happy about that.A very good challenge! - Read Review
Read 3 reviews of Basingstoke Golf Club
Designed by James Braid and laid out over an old deer park, Basingstoke is an 18 hole parkland course with wide fairways and many ancient native trees. The course is extremely well maintained and offers an interesting, and challenging, round to golfers of all abilities.
Have you played at Basingstoke Golf Club? Share your tips, secrets, notes, thoughts and feelings with others and leave a review today!.
Official Travel Partner:
Official Media Partner:
Golf Offers Partner:
All Content Copyright ©
2021
The Social Golfer LtdWashington: If you reduce the visibility of food around your house, chances of your family members turning obese may just reduce, suggests a new study.
The Ohio State University researchers have identified two seemingly unrelated but strong predictors of obesity: having low self-esteem related to one’s weight and keeping food visibly available around the house, outside the kitchen.
In the study, people.
Lead author of the study professor Charles Emery said that the amount of food in the homes was similar, but in the homes of obese individuals, food was distributed in more locations outside the kitchen, that speaks to the environment being arranged in a way that may make it harder to avoid eating food.
In addition, obese participants reported significantly lower self-esteem related to their body weight than did non-obese people. Obese participants also reported more symptoms of depression.
Though the statistical modelling.ÂDorothy E. Wydenowski (nee Heister) age 95 years of Paulsboro died Monday October 25, 2021 in her home surrounded by her family. She was born and raised in Riddlesburg, Pennsylvania and lived in Paulsboro for over 75 years. Mrs. Wydenowski... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send flowers to the Wydenowski family.Send FlowersShailagh Healy plays the bodhrán at Arus Breffni, Manorhamilton
The Leitrim Observer meets residents of Arus Breffni, Manorhamilton during their music therapy session with Shailagh Healy
Music is a powerful tool, it can change your mood, conjure images and invoke powerful feelings and it is being used to great effect by Shailagh Healy to help elderly residents of nursing homes to boost their memory.
Shailagh facilitates music session/ work(play)shops with residents at a variety of nursing homes in Sligo and Leitrim.
The Leitrim Observer were guests at a very lively session at Arus Breffni, Manorhamilton last week and saw first hand the happiness and joy it brings to the residents.
18 residents took part in the session and all of them played their part singing, tapping their feet, humming, or rattling an egg shaker. There was guitar and bodhrán lead tunes and some quiet recitals. Shaliagh is so enthusiastic and she gets everyone to interact in their own way.
Nursing home staff told the paper the residents look forward to seeing Shailagh every week, it is the highlight of their week.
There were group songs and solo singers, but the most rousing tune was “Lovely Leitrim” which they all belted out with delight.
Shailagh is a musician and dance teacher. She coordinates an hour with the seniors consisting of low impact movement and high impact enthusiasm for song requests which are compiled in a group book of old time and colloquial songs.
Shailagh told the paper, “I love to see people come alive because of music.” She said some can have high dementia or be non compus mentus people who barely lift their head and then “an old song triggers a memory.”
The music therapy sessions are funded by the HSE. Shailagh, who is originally from Canada, has been voluntarily singing for years with groups, she lives in Manorhamilton and says the North West of Ireland is “the most beautiful place in the world.” She said she would love to see the project recognised throughout Ireland.
Bernie Carty, CNM1, pictured with Bridie Ryan, resident.
Shailagh said a song could invoke a memory, an image or a story, “some even do a few steps if they can.”
Glamorous Bridie Ryan from Glangevlin, Co Cavan told the paper she loves singing and enjoys the sessions.
Michael Rooney from Glencar gave us a rendition of a song called “Maggie Thatcher” and he said Shailagh “brings a great atmosphere, she brightens the place up.”
Resident Michael Rooney from Glencar pictured with Jackie Turbett, CNM2 Person in Charge HSE Arus Breffni.
Thady Rooney from Glenade who is about to celebrate his 73rd birthday shortly called Shailagh “A mighty singer” and he said he loves the music.
Shailagh works with Arus Breffini HSE nursing unit in Manorhamilton and St Patrick's Hospital in Carrick-on-Shannon.
She also works with other nursing homes and residential units in Sligo.
Seeing the benefits of music to the people, Shailagh is hoping to bring her service to more centres. “It is a real trip down memory lane.”
“Each day I see another person who is otherwise “shut down” come alive and extract a whole song (word for word) from their childhood. I have seen the almost miraculous effect music and memory have on people with heavy dementia and similar conditions and feel so privileged to share in these moments,” she said.
Also read: Disappointment as Déarbhla Rooney loses split decision in Budapest.It’s this time of the year again when the world comes together to discuss how food system transformation can be leveraged to achieve the SDGs. After the UN General Assembly and the Food System Summit in September, local governments, scientists, national authorities, and civil society organisations are gearing up for the Milan Urban Food Policy Pact’s Global Forum in Barcelona in October and the Nutrition for Growth Summit in Tokyo in December. But this year, the topic of food is also making its way to the 26th Conference of the Parties to the UNFCCC (COP26) which will be held in Glasgow in November. Surprising, you think? Well, it shouldn’t be.
According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), global food systems account for 21 – 37% of total greenhouse gas emissions worldwide. They are also responsible for many socio-economic and health inequalities, environmental degradation, and of course the climate crisis. Traditionally, food systems haven’t been high on the agenda of climate conferences, despite reducing food waste and shifting to plant-rich diets being ranked among the most impactful solutions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions (The Drawdown Review, 2020).
In the last 18 months, Rikolto has been involved in various coalitions led by Nourish Scotland, a Scottish non-profit focusing on food policy and practice, to increase the visibility of food at COP26. Below is an overview of some of these initiatives./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/66505796/1202994658.jpg.0.jpg)
Without an idea how long it will take for Italy and the world to recover from the coronavirus pandemic, all we can do is speculate on how the remainder of the 2019/20 Serie A season will play out. Of course, calcio, along with other non-essential activities, were rightfully halted on the peninsula as the government pulls out all the stops to curb the spread of this horrid virus. With that in mind, the future of the Serie A season is secondary to the health and welfare of the Italian populace. But, with so much downtime for Italians on lock-down and fans worldwide practicing social distancing, the topic has come up often.
Various ideas have been shared as Italy navigates through this unprecedented time. Should the season just be called off completely? Should a playoff be played for the Scudetto and relegation places only? Is there anyway the calendar can be played out?
If and when Italy is able to resume life with a sense of normalcy, calcio will be an important part of it. Calcio is in the blood of Italians. And just like baseball helped New Yorkers cope in the aftermath of the September 11th tragedy, calcio will likely play a similar role in Italy.
Just how much Serie A we see depends on many factors, including the removal of large crowd restrictions and if/when/where UEFA decides to play Euro 2020. With so many variables in play, the President of the FIGC spoke to Corriere dello Sport on Sunday and shared what he would like to see happen once Italy emerges from the current health crisis.
Let’s take a look at some highlights from the interview. Then we’ll take a look at how Gravina’s ideas could affect Roma.
To begin, Gravina stated that he will push for the postponement of Euro 2020, something UEFA is set to discuss on Tuesday.
“We decide on Tuesday. But a statement is essential. The evolution of the epidemic traces a clear path. We are all involved in the same way. Nobody can think that this is an Italian problem anymore. Our country is only two weeks ahead of the rest of Europe. We must all put health first and then make common sense prevail. And common sense says that defending one big European event, scheduled for June, would be a strategic mistake.”
Gravina expressed his disappointment at having to postpone the Euros, especially with Italy having high hopes in the tournament, but it's a decision he feels is necessary despite the many drawbacks.
“Sure, but what does it mean? I am the first to be sorry. For the fans and for all the football collaborators who have been working on it for months. For the wonderful inaugural day in Rome that will be skipped. For the economic damage that will derive from football, beginning with the cancellation of the two friendlies against England and Germany. And for sporting expectation. We could have won it because we are in an extraordinary period and Mancini has worked very well »
Gravina again reiterated the need to put the health of everyone first before getting into saving the season.
“Well, I’d be content to save the health of all sportsmen, first of all. Then I have confidence to save the championships too.”
Gravina admitted that there is a June 30th deadline to ending the season, for various reasons.
“We have a deadline. It is June 30th. Contracts, insurance, licenses expire. The football year ends. Going further means introducing completely exceptional regulatory changes.”
Despite this deadline, Gravina feels there would be plenty of time to complete the remaining 13 rounds of the Serie A calendar, even when you consider the various European commitments of Italian teams.
“45 to 60 days. In two months we could complete everything with certainty. Even if we start in May, it can be done.”
Gravina also admitted that the original April 3rd restate date is very unlikely, but if his previous comment is true then it’s not a necessity to complete the calendar.
“I believe that April will still be partly a month of suffering, and partly to accompany the resumption of activities. But I don’t have a crystal ball.”
Corriere followed up some questions about a scenario where the virus carried into May. If that were to happen the calendar wouldn’t be able to be completed by June 30th. That brings up many issues, including assigning the Scudetto, as well as relegation and promotion. The latter two being even more important than the Scudetto in many ways.
“Everyone thinks that the only problem is to assign the championship. But we have to establish who goes in the Champions League and the Europa League, who goes back to B, who goes up to A, who goes back to C and who goes up to B. Does that seem like little to you?”
“It has something to do with it [the Scudetto], because theoretically you could not even assign the title, but everything else has to be established. Giving up on promotions and relegations would be a violation of the subjective interests of many clubs.”
This led the paper to ask if a crystallized table was good enough to assign European places, if it was good enough to assign the title. Gravina wouldn’t give an answer to this because it’s something he wants to avoid.
“I wouldn’t want to answer this question. Because I think that freezing a ranking is a mistake to avoid. The value of competition must be safeguarded. We have to give those who have invested a lot on a sporting goal a chance. It means playing as much as possible. Carry on with the championship and finish it, if possible.”
“Find a formula that saves the competition. Playoffs and playouts.”
“It seems normal to me. Those who aim to win or save themselves would prefer to play them all. And it’s right. But at this moment nobody has the certainty of being able to do one thing rather than another.”
«So I said to all the Leagues: make your proposals, let’s discuss. But the rules must be set immediately, before starting to play again. And the last word belongs to the Federation, not to others.”
In order to uphold the integrity of the season, Gravina emphasized the need for the rules to be set by federations before play is resumed.
There’s no telling how the Coronavirus pandemic will play out; the hope is that things will begin to improve on the peninsula after the government mandated lock-down period. However, with Italy being the litmus test of these measures in Europe there is no guarantee of success.
If things do improve and play resumes, a rescheduling of the entire Serie A and UEFA calendar would be in Roma’s best interests. Sitting in fifth place, just three points behind Atalanta (who have a game in hand), Roma's Champions League hopes may rest on a complete/rescheduled season—they'll need the matches to gain ground in the table.
If, however, the season does end with the table frozen as it currently stands, not only would Roma lose the chance to qualify for the Champions League through the table, they'd also miss out on the proposed Scudetto playoffs, as they include only the top four clubs. A cancellation of the Europa League altogether would also close that path to next season's Champions League.
Public health and welfare comes first and foremost, so this will come as stating the obvious, but the sooner this crisis passes, the better it is for everyone affected by it. This includes the Giallorossi and their sporting goals.My practice is to remember and acknowledge ‘Tat Tvam Asi’. We are all here as expressions of the boundless.
Me and Mine
Spending time with those dedicated to exploring and expressing that which is beyond the Me and Mine, is a privilege afforded to few and, by extension, potentially beneficial to many. All of us are players in the Lila, and when she assigns us the role of the Seeker, we are blessed to be growing and inevitably sharing our growth. And we do so best not by speaking our truth (for it is not ‘ours’ to start with), but by thriving to be present with what arise in the moment in a conscious and clear expression of our true nature and engage with it as harmoniously as possible. Radically honest and fiercely committed to show up in our best spiritual garments – our naked soul.
I am fortunate enough to have spent a little time at the feet of few good teachers, and many days in the company of some marvellously deep-thinking friends. What I share is not of my own – I might have used my pen to write these words, but the sentences are but a synthesis of the treasures I was fortunate enough to read or listen to, and I am grateful to all the water sources I was, and still am, lucky enough to drink from. And in any case, any assumption of ownership is bound to humiliation of the presumed self. For to own something means the existence of that which is owned, and it is the perception of this duality which makes the Lila possible, and suffering imminent.
Suffering
As many, it is suffering that drove me to search for what is real. Early on in life, as a young man, I was sent to the battlefield to protect what I believed to be the essence of nobility and righteousness. I was on the side of the ‘good ones’, while as it were, the ‘bad ones’ were out to destroy fairness and inflict pain. I did not see that we were all ignorant of a greater truth that does not wither with the fall of nation or resurrect with the rise of yet another civilization in the making. And that while we seemingly all are soldiers in a conflict, in actuality we all are servants of the same consciousness – projecting our imagined differences, desiring our illusionary domination, yearning for the approval of our peers.
It was the experience of killing and seeing friends killed, that brought about an intense sense of suffering and a strong disbelief in the dichotomy of ‘good’ vs ‘evil’. And though I was too young to decipher in a coherent thinking what I felt, to my horror I saw that regardless of the colour of their uniforms or their cultural affiliation, young dead men were all the same. It took many more years before I found a quote – supposedly uttered by one of the great sages – which captured what I felt: “I refuse to participate in the inner machinations of murder”. For killing – however robust the narrative that underpins its professed justice – is always a murder. Not just of the other, but also of our innermost truth – our universal identity, our interconnectedness, our predestined purpose to soar higher towards the Light.
And yet, it was that experience which sent me looking for a truth that is not subjected to time, place and a narrative. And for that I am eternally grateful.
My journey
My journey took me to many places and lead me to different teachers – and yet there was a sense of looking for a horizon which forever was just beyond the next retreat, or the newest book. It seemed that there was always another mountain to climb and another teacher to ask. All of which were graceful and illuminating and yet none of which felt like I was at the source. Like Zeno’s dichotomy paradox, I was continuously just halfway closer to the truth without ever seeing it. Because indeed, in dichotomy the illusion of separation is perpetuated, and duality is maintained.
Little I knew – when stumbling through earlier chapters of my search; searching for a true source of happiness that was not lover-inspired or object-dependent – that what I was looking for did not exists outside me. I believed that somewhere – elsewhere – there would be someone with the right answer. It took many years to discover the likes of Ramana Maharshi who beautifully summed up the search when he said “Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it. What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside.”
Of course, I cannot say that I have arrived – and anyway how is it possible to arrive at a place one has never left… And I certainly do not claim to know something other than a love for life I nurtured on the journey, and gratitude for the journey I cultivated in this life. But for what it’s worth, here are the three most helpful pieces I found along the way.
Establishing a Practice
These are not shared as an absolute truth or even as guidelines towards insights. Rather, these are notions that I used – tentatively – to explore the human experience, and I should also mention they are really just a remix of wisdom expressed more eloquently by people much wiser than myself… If you find something there, note that as soon as they are helpful, they should also be discarded – for no words can truly describe the ground of Being. Just as a black hole cannot be seen and is discerned by the way the light bends around it, ideas and words are useful to bend as we get closer to the divine, but never shall they capture its divinity. Much more useful to see these as potentiated practices on the path. Once the practice is established properly, there should be no one left to care about what it means…
Practice
First – The notion that my experience triggers my reaction is the wrong way around. It is my attitude or projection that begets my attitude, and that attitude begets my experience. Nothing is inherently wrong in the sense that arguing with what is presenting itself is akin to trying to stop the wind with our hands.
Second – All that I am seemingly subjected to is only so until I recognise (through embracing the first practice) my own subjectivity, at which point it becomes an object, transcended and included within me. There is nothing out there that I cannot find a way to understand as a projection of my own limited self. I cannot have a relationship with reality; I can only have a relationship with the way I perceive (consciously or subconsciously) an experience as it arises in the present moment. What I find so beautiful in this practice is that whether this is actually and ‘truly’ meaningful, is almost irrelevant.
What is important is the agency I assume over my experience as a learning and growing feature of my potential dissolution.
Last – That in the space I can find between experience and response (through applying the second practice), there lies my freedom and my happiness: my character is a collection of habits, and my habits are the culmination of the choices I made (mostly unconscious) over time. By training to recognise that space, I can rewire (with diligent practice and over time) my habitual responses towards more conducive and less fearful engagement with the world around me.
In that sense, knowing what to do is actually quite easy, because when I look to recognise that space, by default I also see that regardless of the situation I am in or the story I tell myself about it, there is only ever one and same decision to make – either I can create more harmony, or inflict more separation; seek to heal or to push away; stir the pot or water the garden. No matter how different the narrative may seem, the choice is always between sustaining Duality or serving the Oneness. And in my commitment to the latter is also my freedom to choose that which is beyond ‘Me’ and ‘Mine’ – and in some small insignificant way, dissolve into the magnificent presence of No-thing-ness.
“Suffering is the result of ignorance… and ignorance in essence, is the belief in a truly existing self and in the solidity of phenomenon”Matthieu Ricard, The Monk and the Philosopher
Photo Credit: Rajiv Butalia
Your comments help us understand your preferencesShe talks about protest, Africa’s film industry and her hopes for her country
Four days after learning that her novel, This Mournable Body, had been longlisted for the Booker prize, Tsitsi Dangarembga found herself sitting on the concrete floor of a police cell. The 61-year-old author and film-maker had been arrested with a friend in the Zimbabwean capital of Harare for protesting about government corruption.
“There had been a call out for a demonstration on social media for weeks, and people were excited. You could feel the energy,” she says. “I had expected there would be protesters with placards lining the streets but there was absolutely nobody, because a couple of weeks earlier the government had declared it an insurrection, and by the time the announcement was made the army had been deployed.”
She was released on bail a day later, charged with intention to incite public violence and acts of bigotry, and is due to appear in court in September. Is she afraid? “We were treated well, but yes I am afraid,” she says. “There were increased abductions leading up to the demonstration, but these were mainly opposition politicians and activists and I’m neither: I’m a writer and a film-maker but I’m also a responsible citizen of Zimbabwe, and I thought, even if there was a crackdown, the citizen still has space in law.”
Dangarembga is speaking from her home in a suburb of Harare, where for months a coronavirus curfew has confined citizens to their homes from 6pm to 6am. She fears that it is more of a power grab than a public health initiative. “It’s exactly the sort of curfew we had in Rhodesia. I don’t understand why a public health situation requires a military solution.”
This Mournable Body is the third part of a trilogy, published over a period of more than 30 years, which reflects sickness in the body politic of an earlier era through the life story of a village girl called Tambudzai (“Tambu”). The first instalment, Nervous Conditions, was published in 1988 and charted Tambu’s early childhood in 60s and 70s Rhodesia, where a kindly uncle gives her a chance to better herself by taking her away to his mission to be educated. The novel won the Commonwealth Writers’ prize, was widely translated and became a key text in postcolonial literature. It wasn’t until 18 years later that The Book of Not followed Tambu through her teenage years at the Young Ladies College of the Sacred Heart, and now This Mournable Body finds her bereft in her 30s, struggling to squeeze her feet into Lady Di pumps and make a life in the postcolonial Zimbabwe of the 1990s. Her sister has lost a leg in the war for independence and “now fends for two liberation struggle babies”, while her uncle is in a wheelchair after being hit by a stray bullet from a 21-gun salute to celebrate the birth of the new nation. “How, with all your education, do you come to be more needy than your mother?” she berates herself.
Like Tambu, Dangaremgba, born in 1959, was convent educated, though her exposure to rural life was through family visits rather than having to scratch a living from the land. Her parents were both schoolteachers (her mother is something of a Zimbabwean feminist hero as the first black woman to graduate in Rhodesia in 1953). They took their two children to England for four years when Dangarembga was a toddler, returning in 1965 to take up jobs on a Methodist mission near the eastern border town of Umtali (now Mutare), which is also Tambu’s home.
Dangarembga took her A-levels at an elite, mainly white, girls’ school and won a place to study medicine at Cambridge, but was unable to settle, and quit after three homesick years to return to a Zimbabwe on the brink of independence. There she enrolled for a psychology degree at Harare University, writing Nervous Conditions while still a student, and paying for it to be typed up out of her earnings as an advertising copywriter. Unable to find a publisher in Zimbabwe, where “the writers were basically men at the time”, she sent her only copy off to the Women’s Press, a London publisher that had been having some success with two black women writers she admired, Ama Ata Aidoo and Alice Walker.
For four years she heard nothing back, and there it might have ended had she not taken the opportunity of a trip to London to pay an impromptu visit to the publisher. “I asked if they had received my book and an editor said if they had, it would be down in the cellar. They disappeared down the stairs and came up blowing the dust off this A4-sized khaki envelope. The very next day I got a call saying ‘We love the manuscript. We’ll publish it.’”
Walker and Doris Lessing were among her early fans, but by then Dangaremgba had moved on, convinced that there was no future in fiction. She wrote three plays, which were well received in university productions, and later applied to film school in Berlin. With the help of a plane ticket finessed from a UK conference invitation, a dictionary and a two-week crash course in German, she passed the entrance exam.
Dangarembga stayed in Germany for more than a decade, meeting and marrying her German husband, and setting up a film production company back home in Harare which would become part of the fledgling Zollywood industry.).
She has invested the last seven years of her life in writing, she says, “because I need to have some good scripts against the day when things open up for black women like me making films about the lives of black women – and I think it will happen”. She has four films that “are really advanced and could be made right now if I got the funding”, and is also working on a dystopian YA novel.
But despite her success and entrepreneurial energy, it is not all win-win. African film is stuck in a development rut, she says, while This Mournable Body took years to find a publisher, only hitting its mark when she began to put out excerpts on social media. Meanwhile, the rights to her earlier novels are tangled up in red tape, depriving her of royalties that would have helped her to support her mother, who died in destitution three years ago, her savings from a life in public service gobbled up by Zimbabwe’s rampant inflation. These are some of the social and personal pressures that give her trilogy its furious satirical energy, driving Tambu at one point to a psychotic breakdown.
“There’s a whole question of what is self,” she says. “We had a self that was, and still is to some extent, part of a tribal structure. But this nation self was born in violence, and we haven’t confronted that. My position is that we can’t only point fingers at people in positions of authority because they grew up in families just like us. So there must be something in the way we do things that results in that. Otherwise we would have a different sort of leadership.”
Given these frustrations, might she decide to leave the country? “They’ve taken my passport,” she fires back. Also “my stories are about Zimbabwe.” And anyway, for someone who is passionately for Zimbabwe, there is always room for hope. “Every moment is a moment for potential resolution. It just needs somebody to say in that moment: ‘OK, we’re going to do things differently’ – and mean it.”
This Mournable Body by Tsitsi Dangarembga is published by Faber (£14.99). To order a copy go to guardianbookshop.com. Free UK p&p on all online orders over £15.Announcing SalmoPine Hill Online LD Tournament NCFL Topic
2018 — Online, PA/US
3 May 2018
Dear Fellow Coach,
On behalf of the Pine Hill Debate Squad, it is my pleasure to invite you and your team to our online Lincoln-Douglas Debate tournament, to take place on the weekend of May 19th and 20th, on the Zoom teleconferencing platform.
The hope is that this tournament will provide a timely opportunity for debaters who have qualified for the NCFL Grand National Tournament, to be held in Washington, DC the following weekend.
Please note that this tournament will have two distinctive features:
(a) We plan to have only competitors' coaches and/or Double-Ruby former LD debaters as judges. (To allow for meaningful feedback, fifteen minutes after each flight will be allocated for judges to offer post-decision feedback, either spoken or written on ballots.)
(b) Neither spreading nor semi-spreading will be allowed; debaters will be expected to deliver speeches at a natural speaking pace.
The competition will have one event--Lincoln Douglas Debate--on the NCFL Grand National Tournament resolution: "Resolved: Bystanders have a moral obligation to act in the face of injustice." There will be a maximum of 40 debaters, to be seeded according to total NFL points. The tournament will consist of four double-flighted preliminary rounds, as well as single-flighted semis, and a final round. There will be a single, open division, and NCFL rules will generally apply.
Registration will be managed at . You can also find more information at:.
Any changes after 5pm on 17 May should be emailed directly to jonathankendall@hotmail.com.
TOURNAMENT SCHEDULE
NB: All times are Eastern Daylight Time. Please keep in mind that we may need to diverge somewhat from schedule, depending on in-round delays.
Saturday 19 May 2018
10:30 am - Main room open for early arrivals. All competitors and judges are requested to be logged on no later than 10:55a
11:00 am - Welcome, opening remarks. Assignments to breakout rooms; pairings for first two rounds.
11:15 am - Round 1 Flight A
12:15 pm - Round 1 Flight B
13:15 pm - Round 2 Flight A
14:15 pm - Round 2 Flight B
15:15 pm - Break
15:45 pm - Round 3 Flight A
16:45 pm - Round 3 Flight B
18:15 pm - Probable finish for the day, barring delays (continued)
Sunday 20 May 2018
12:40 pm - Main room open for early arrivals. All competitors and judges are requested to be logged on no later than 12:55pm
13:00 pm - Welcome
13:15 pm - Round 4 Flight A
14:15 pm - Round 4 Flight B
15:45 pm - Semi-finals
17:00 pm - Final Round
18:00 pm - Awards Ceremony in main room, recognizing: semi-finalists, best speaker points, runner-up, and champion.
18:30 pm - Probable finish for the day, barring delays
TOURNAMENT FEES & JUDGING BURDENS
Each LD Debate entry: $50
Judging burden: One judge for every four entries, or fraction thereof
Each judge must be available for both days, at least through the semifinal round, as well as a judges' orientation at 10:00am EDT on Saturday.
There will be no hiring of judges possible after 5pm Thursday 17 May.
Judges for hire: $180; for a half-time judge: $100
Judging fee for each non-covered entry: $60
Any additional entry after 5pm Monday 14 May: $10
Any change after 5pm Wednesday 16 May: $10
Any complete withdrawal after 5pm Thursday 17 May: $40
Checks should be payable to Pine Hill Associates, 15 Vale Rd. Whippany NJ 07981. Alternatively: Chase QuickPay or PayPal, to Prep4Elite@gmail.com. (With any method, please note the participant's full name and email.)
If you have any questions or concerns, please just ask!
Very best regards,
Jon Kendall, Coach and Instructor
Pine Hill Debate Squad
jonathankendall@hotmail.comAbout
Rights CoLab advances human rights by fostering collaboration among experts across the fields of civil society, technology, business, and finance. Together we build new ways of organizing civic engagement and leveraging markets to improve the impact, resilience, and sustainability of human rights initiatives.
We work in four key areas:
Reimagining Civil Society
Civil society organizations that depend exclusively on foreign grants have come under intense pressure. The growing trends of technological innovation, social entrepreneurship, local philanthropy, impact investment and purpose-centered career development offer opportunities for human rights initiatives to organize and resource themselves in more resilient and sustainable ways.
Mobilizing Technology.
Realigning Business and Society
Growing inequality, the rise of populism, and the most recent spate of corporate scandals have contributed to renewed questioning of the sustainability of a corporate form that is structured to maximize shareholder value. This is an opportune time to explore the potential market strength of alternative corporate structures that can combat inequality and promote respect for human rights.
Leveraging the Financial Sector
As the ultimate providers of capital, financial actors have great leverage in determining where capital is allocated and ensuring it is used responsibly. Investing for positive social impact and, once invested, holding business accountable for its social risks, are two areas demanding innovative approaches to advancing human rights.
In recent years, the effectiveness of strategies developed to promote and protect human rights has weakened, with little consensus on how best to go forward. The Rights CoLab model of collaboration, innovation, and experimentation across geographies is designed to address that challenge.
Press releases:
Mapping Civil Society Innovation Project Re-Launches, May 10, 2021
Harnessing Big Data for Investor-Led ESG Standards to Improve Corporate Human Rights Practice, April 20, 2020
Mapping Civil Society Innovation Project Launches, January 15, 2020
Rights CoLab Launches, January 23, 2019I know my mom plays Candy Crush Saga in her free time. I know this not because she told me about it on her own, but because her activity in the game dominated my Facebook feed for a moment in time.
While I was sharing pictures and videos of her grandson at play, she was sharing her accomplishments in a match-three puzzle game. Quite a trade-off, if you ask me.
That stopped. My mom hasn't stopped playing the game, of course, she's just figured out how to turn off all the feed spam on the side of the application.
My mom obviously knows I write about games for a living. She also knows that the games I write about and the games she plays for fun have a large gap between them. I'm not much for Candy Crush Saga, and she's not much for games like Titanfall. You might share the same type of disconnect between games with your parents, aunts, uncles, friends or siblings.
My mom and I aren't special in this regard.
With all the craziness that's gone on with King.com, the makers of Candy Crush, and their trademark pursuit of words like "Candy" and "Saga," I started to talk to my mom about the game.
During our first conversation, she sort of sheepishly owned up to the fact that she's actually put money into the free-to-play experience that is Candy Crush Saga. She's part of that less-than-one-percent demographic of players that actually pays to play. The crazy part? She's almost embarrassed by this.
She's not "put Quasimodo in the belltower" embarrassed. Just, you know, a little ashamed.
I wanted to know why. So she agreed to let me talk to her, which didn't take much asking, and do up a story on it.
Sorry mom.
Buyer's Remorse
"So, I spent the 99 cents."
It wasn't that my mom plays Candy Crush Saga that was interesting to me. It wasn't even necessarily that she dumped money into the game. It was the way she perceived the transaction that I found so fascinating.
"I guess I'd been playing the game for about four or five months," she told me. "I couldn't get over this hurdle. I hit a wall. No matter how many times a day I'd play it, no matter what I'd do, I just couldn't get past it."
My mom told me that she typically plays for around 30 minutes to an hour of the game every night. It's a way to relax for her, much like rounds of NHL or FTL: Faster Than Light are for me. It's what we do in our downtime.
I asked my mom how the money switch flipped. I asked her what, at that moment, took Candy Crush Saga from an entirely free game to one that she'd pay for.
"It became almost like a quest," my mom explained. "I had to get over this hurdle. I had to get to the next level. I was tired of being stuck, all my other friends were surpassing me, and it was really bothering me."
"So, I spent the 99 cents."
This was at around level 154, she later explained. She knew this because her friends would talk to her about how easy the game was. She'd interject with "yeah, well wait until you hit 154." My dad, it turns out, was stuck on the same level for a while.
They both were. For months, actually. That didn't stop my mom from getting a little buyer's remorse, though.
"I felt like, maybe, it was a bad thing to do. You know? How could I let this game beat me? There was a little remorse, not for the 99 cents, but that I let the game beat me. I let it get to me."
For my mom, and I'd imagine for a lot of Candy Crush fans, paying money was like losing.
"It's a lot like lying…it gets easier the second time."
It was at about level 154 that my mom hit her first paywall, and it was then that she dumped 99 cents into Candy Crush Saga. She doesn't do the value packs, the ones that are slightly more expensive but get you a bigger return. She does the cheapest one… I didn't ask, but I think it's a little bit of her guilt that keeps her from going higher.
I asked her if she'd be willing to dump more money into the game now than before her first transaction.
"A few weeks later, I did it again!" It was around this point that my mom kept telling me not to tell my dad. I will, by the way. Dad's totally going to hear about this. He'll rub it in, and I know she'll turn it around on him and throw one of his $1.99 Facebook game transactions in his face.
My parents always go after each other like that.
The microtransactions, my mom told me, the ones that felt like losing before? "They became easier." After that first purchase, it was a lot easier to drop money into the game.
This isn't the point where my mom's story turns into one about how a retired woman dumps $100s of dollars into a single Facebook game. My mom didn't do that. She stopped at around $8.00 spent, though I'm sure she'll cough up a few more bucks between now and when the Candy Crush Saga is over.
But, once that first microtransaction was made, my mom told me that it's like the adage about telling fibs. "It's a lot like lying," she jokingly explained. "It gets easier the second time."
And All Her Friends Are Playing, Too
You ever hang out in large groups with your friends at, maybe, a bar or at someone's house? If your friends are a little bit nerdy, conversation might shift towards video games.
Now, my parents and their friends aren't nerdy. Well, not about video games. But they talk about Candy Crush Saga.
"How did you beat this level?," they might ask one another. "What did you do to make this easier, or how did you move up to the next level?" The answer, my mom said, is always "perseverance."
They beat each level by being patient, or so they all say. My mom told me that she'd never, ever tell her friends that she spent money on the game to advance. She's actually a little mad that this article will reveal her secret.
Like she explained earlier, paying money is like losing, and she doesn't want her friends to know that she lost.
"Perseverance, mom?," I asked. "When they say that, do you ever think to yourself 'oh, shut up, I know you paid to win?'"
"Oh yes. Oh yes. They'll never admit it, though. 'Oh no, I never pay, never…'" she was getting a little sarcastic here, of course. "You know darn well they pay."
My mom is in the late 200s in Candy Crush, a level she asserts really isn't all that impressive. I got to 30 before I quit, so I wouldn't know. Her friends? Some of them are in the 350s and later. I got my mom to tell me about some of her friends at that level, folks I've known for literally my entire life. We laughed when names of people I would never in a million years expect to play something like Candy Crush were dropped.
Her friends in the 350s? I asked her if she thinks they paid money. "Oh, absolutely. Absolutely." She was really assertive there, the way she only gets when she knows she's right about something.
I asked her to clarify. "There's no reasonable way those people made it to that level without paying money. No way."
Of course, they'd never admit it.
There's No Giving Up the Game
I asked my mom what would make her stop playing Candy Crush. She let me throw the word "addicted" around a bit before getting to this point. She totally admits to being addicted, too.
"Another Candy Crush" is what she said will be the replacement. "Until something better than Candy Crush comes along," and it will, "I'll stick with this."
My dad's quit playing, though. "I think it got the best of him," my mom told me. I know, right? It's like Candy Crush to my dad turned into some insanely hard game that was more frustrating than fun. My mom figures it's because my dad never put money into the game.
He's dumped a few bucks into others, though.
I know it's just anecdotal evidence, but my mom's perspective on Candy Crush Saga sort of informed my opinion about the genre of Facebook and mobile gaming that depends on microtransactions. I'd never pay for Candy Crush. I have no reason to. My mom? She'll pay. Her friends? Of course.
Forget the trouble King.com has gotten itself into with the core gaming community over the trademark nonsense for a minute. The company has, for better or worse, produced a cheap and accessible product that's given folks like my parents something to do in their downtime.
My mom put at least 100 hours into the game before paying that first buck. A penny per hour of play? That's a rarity in today's gaming world.
I asked my mom what she thought of King's attempt to trademark words like "Candy" and "Saga" at the end of our chat. She told me it's borderline ridiculous on their part. I asked her if it made her want to stop playing their games.
"Who cares?" she countered.
I guess I don't, either, mom.
>.Produttori del Barbaresco Muncagota 2014 Riserva 1967. Muncagota is the piedmontese dialect version of the word Moccagatta, same vineyard, different spelling. Winery
"Elegantly structured, this vibrant wine opens with aromas of underbrush, rose petal, red woodland berry and a whiff of new leather. The graceful palate boasts great energy and is delicately delicious, delivering juicy red cherry, pomegranate, star anise and white pepper. Polished tannins show some grip on the lingering finish. Drink 2020–2029. Kerin O'Keefe, Wine Enthusiast. 93/100Generally available from stock or to order
Estimated 2-5 working days
Depending on delivery method
Free delivery*
Spend £50+vat or more to qualify
Mainland UK exclusions apply
Browse more from this manufacturer
Buy from us with confidence
Safe and secure buying
Elucian 22 Way Unit with 100A Mains Switch + 2 x 80A 30mA RCD + 2 Pole SPD CUEB22MSRCDSP14
Product Data Sheet PDFFree delivery on orders over €60
Your cart is currently empty
Product image slideshow Items
The CurlyEllie Intensive Treatment Hair Mask combines natural plant and seed oils to hydrate, nourish, moisturise and repair dry, damaged and coloured hair, minimising frizz and restoring shine, bounce and radiance.
Directions: After washing, massage a generous amount of CurlyEllie Intensive Treatment Hair Mask onto wet or damp hair, distributing evenly. Leave on for 5 – 10 minutes. Rinse thoroughly. For the best results, follow with CurlyEllie Curl Defining Leave-In Conditioner.
Volume 250mlRachel is encouraging residents to learn about Redditch’s history at Royal Enfield’s town centre exhibition.
After 52 years, iconic motorbike brand, Royal Enfield, has returned to Redditch for a six-week exhibition.
The exhibition will appear in the shop opposite Clintons in the Kingfisher Shopping Centre thanks to the local Royal Enfield Owners’ Club and other community and history groups.
The exhibition is open every Saturday from 10.30 until 4pm and will boast a different theme each week. It will also be open in the week from 10am until 2pm.
Rachel attended the official launch of the exhibition and is now encouraging residents to make sure to pay a visit and learn about Redditch’s history.
She said: “I know everyone in Redditch is proud of their town’s history and heritage, so make sure to celebrate it by visiting Royal Enfield’s exhibition in the Kingfisher Shopping Centre.
“It’s fantastic to have Royal Enfield back in Redditch and I hope this is the beginning of greater collaboration with Royal Enfield in the future, both long-term and short-term.”Nike Air PrestoWomen's
Nike Air PrestoWomen's
Product #: O1163001
Want.
-.Stone crusher 40 ton hour musikmartinez deiquoted priceidec 19, 2020 impact stone crusher: used for medium and fine crushing of materials with medium hardness and below. the models commonly used for crushing 100 tons per hour are: PF european version impact crusher, pf-1210 ordinary impact crusher. you may also be 350 tons per hour mobile stone crusher exporters. 350 tons per hour mobile stone crusher exporters. stone crusher plant tons an hour.produce about 300 tons of stone crusher per hour there are many types of stone crushers such as jaw crusher impact crusher and so on reaching a model of 300 tons per hour here we come to learn one by one first crushing plant with 100 tons per hour stone crusher machine rock crusher plant crusher plant, gold trommel wash plant 300 tons per hour by msi mining. gold trommel wash plant.
jul 10, 2020.with capacities from 3,000 to 10,000 tons per hour, the crusher tph (output ton per hour commodity plaza the portable crushers mobile crushers we provide are of crushing capacity 100 ton per hour to 200 ton per hour concrete waste stone crusher price list tons an.
mobile stone crusher supplier, shanghai. 1,466 likes talking about this. stone crusher china tons an hour. ston ton per hour stone crushing plant.cone crusher home facebook..on sale now for 3999 with free and. read mode
price for lime stone milling capacity tons per hour youtube. rate of 3000 tons per hour with a capacity of tons cocoa powder grinding is 1.0 ton per hour. to 25% more tons per hour stone crusher in the. click & chat nownov to the mar 21, 2019 stone crusher tons an hour and a discharge size of
tons per hour stone crushers for sale. results of 300 ton per hour stone crusher for sale ugcnetnicin dec 2013 stone crusher 300 ton 200 to 400 tph stone crusher plant,300 tonstone to 1000 ton per hour stone crusher capacity ton hour marcopowerin.
price mobile stone crushing with 150 ton pakistan. price mobile stone crushing with 150 ton nigeria price of al crusher 200 tons mobile stone crusher tonhour crusher unit tons of coal crusher machine hourscoal crusher kapasitas 300 ton stone crushing factory which does not use any chemicals capacity 150 to 175 tons the factory will be operational hours a day six days a week roughlyfeb. PH iron ore crushing plant In south africa jxsc mine.cost Of tons per hour stone crusher. ball mill paints ball mills rotate200
stone crusher ton hour second stone crusher china ons An hour. mobile stone crusher on per hour. 800 tons per hour jaw crusher crusher plant 800 ton hr. as a leading global manufacturer tons per hour primary mobile stone crusher. per hour impact mills for sale jaw crusher 100 tonnes per hour jaw crusher shanghai samac is a mining coal crushing plant 100 ton hour stone crusher machine. the importance of crusher plant placementknow more. may 2018 savage stone reversed its workflow to put its primary crusher at the the shot rock is loaded into volvo and ton articulated haul trucks and 100 ton if the crushing plant is the heart of a quarry the first line excavator our machines so want to get the maximum fuel stone crusher machine nigeria ton per hour. stone crusher ton hour second stone crusher 100 mt per hour cheapest crusher in india stone crusher 50100 mt per hour mayukhportfoliocoin the portable crushing plant is a kind highly customiable and costeffective ton jam stone contact supplier stone crusher tons an hour. get price
capacity of crusher plants is able to produce from tonshour to 1000 tonshour. crushing plants can produce custom designs on request. In stone crushing and screening facilities, kinds of different product designs are made at the same time.stone crusher stone crushers 100 tons hour. stone crusher 100 tons per hour ulisses stone crusher 200 tone per hour henan mining machinery mill crusher with in capacity of change language 120 ton per hour crushing plant jual stone crusher capasity on per jam this was the first time key plan of 100 ton per hour crusher towards larger capacity crushers belonging to the 800 ton per hour cost Of 100 tons per hour crusher. tons per hour. 200 tons per hour stone crusher in india fianaranach mobile crusher at river stone crushing plant crusher; used crusher metal for sale; ball mill foundation detail; equipment for gold mining crusher; prize of grinder machine; crusher manufacturers calcutta; tons per hour mobile crusher; grinding balls for cement factory. tons per hour stone crusher In india ton per hour rock stone crushers for sale binq mining. apr 04, 2013   rock crusher 250 ton per hour impact rock crusher general large 200 tonne per hour crusher plants. 200 ton an hour gold mining trommels for sale
stone crusher metric ton per hour moribito.in. mobile crushers and screeners 150 hour price ingambdec 08, 2020 500 tons per hour mobile crusher 
mild steel stone crusher manufacturer, capacity: 300 Kg To 100 ton per hour 47,000 get latest price usageapplication stone, spong iron, coal, glass, bricksour jaw crushers are widely used in quarry and mining plants. our designs include small unit with inlet opening from to large sized unit with inlet opening giving 1300 tons per hour capacity.stone crusher its component price In zimbabwe used jaw crucher to jaw crucher 200 tons rock crusher 250 ton per hour impact stone crusher machine in crushing outstanding performance good cubical 2018 stone crusher 300 tons per hour mesh used machinery stone crusher 300 tons per hour meshused jaw crucher to jaw crucher 200 tons jawBelisol became a co-sponsor of the team in 2012, so the team name was changed to Lotto-Belisol. Most of the Lotto Belisol cycling kit for the 2014 season are red, and the names of the two champion sponsors appear on the front of the jersey. The back of the jersey is red, without any big sponsor logo, making it clearly visible in large units. This is a very simple cycling jersey. Welcome to buy cheap Lotto Belisol cycling kit. We will ship your order as soon as we receive your order. The ride kits on our website also support separate purchases.Portraits of the Quarantined Mind
Wondering how lockdown is impacting your mental health? Photographer Doma Dovgialo has set out to answer this question with a collaborative artistic project.
“How often do you share what’s really on your mind?” This is the question that photographer Doma Dovgialo was asking when deciding to create lockdown photography project Portraits of the Quarantined Mind — a series inviting individuals across the world to illustrate their internal, unseen feelings over FaceTime portraits shot by Doma. The result is a colourful, and at times chaotic, creative project documenting the emotional toll of lockdown alongside handwritten letters describing each subject’s mental states in their own words.
Doma answered some of our quick-fire questions about the series, read on to learn more and find out how to get involved.
Hey Doma! Can you tell us a bit more about this project?
Portraits of the Quarantined Mind is an online collaboration inviting people (whom I photograph over FaceTime) to reveal their innermost thoughts by drawing on their portrait. The result is a snapshot of the impact that quarantine is having on our mental states.
What is the purpose of this project for you?
To normalise dialogue around our emotions and thoughts. I want to remind people that despite the physical distancing, we are more connected than ever. It can be liberating to open up, share, and be vulnerable.
What have you personally struggled with during lockdown?
The feeling of being out of control. Our lives are centred around making plans; be it your lunch for tomorrow or daydreaming about where you will be in 5 years from now. The pandemic has shown us that being in control is just an illusion. We plan for life to proceed alongside our expectations but more often than not, it doesn’t. Yet still, we choose to assume we have control. I am constantly worried about failure and not being good enough, but am I reaching my own goals or merely trying to impress someone? Most of our thoughts are neither present nor positive – and although we seem to be wired this way in order to survive, it can also leave us in a spiral of never appreciating what’s right in front of us or not being kind to yourself when you really. deserve it.
Why did you decide to include the handwritten notes and drawings alongside your portraits?
I often feel that a photograph is simply not enough. It seems like it’s only showing my point of view as a photographer and lacking a deeper communication with the subject. I tried to address this feeling by finding a way to incorporate the person’s own voice; to encourage them to step out of their comfort zone and try to create a portrait of themselves in a different and creative way. The handwritten notes feel almost tactile, so human and fragile and show the personality of the sitter. I find that the best way to visualise what another person has been through is to allow them to become the main storyteller.
Who have you photographed so far? Any stories that particularly moved you or you found surprising?
I started photographing people I know and then moved onto photographing strangers. Each story has warmed my heart and it has been a blessing for my own mind to realise that we are all in the same boat. We are all getting more time alone with our thoughts than we are used to and it’s taking us on a journey ranging from an existential crisis on a Monday, the mid-week startup idea, to the Friday speculation of whether wearing jeans will just never be a thing anymore…
I know you’re still looking for more people to participate — who would you like to take part in the project?
Currently, I’m lacking diversity in my project – in terms of geography, circumstance, age – you name it. I would like to include and explore all sorts of minds and people from all across the globe.
Want to take part? Sign up directly via Doma’s website. Follow Doma on Instagram at @doma_dovgialo.
Has anyone else noticed how powerful the allure of digital screens is? I’ll hazard a guess the answer is a resounding “yes.” We can’t go anywhere these days without seeing people glued to their smartphones. Why is this the case? There are many reasons, but I assert a primary one is that digital screens offer almost irresistible interactivity and brain stimulation. I’m thinking this would make a great science fair experiment using DIY EEGs like my friend, Bill Casebeer, demonstrated at a NYC Maker Faire in 2013. Compare measured brain activity when reading different kinds of paper books, versus engaging in different kinds of activities using a smartphone. The control condition would be measured brain activity when subjects are sitting quietly in a darkened room.
This weekend I optimistically brought not one, but three paperback books that I’m in various stages of reading for both fun and for work. Did I spend much time in these books the past two nights when I’ve had plenty of opportunities to do so? Nope.
Instead, I’ve chosen my iPhone and iPad to read, watch videos, listen to podcasts, and share my learning via Twitter. (52 tweets during the entire day Saturday, 26 tweets in the evening as I read and consumed/shared media.) It seems crazy, but it’s true.
Indeed digital screens are powerful, as we all should acknowledge and understand. Even though we are literally surrounded by screens at times in today’s society, I don’t think we yet fully appreciate just how powerful they truly are… or the “digital discipline” required to overcome their attraction for and influence on our minds.
>..
- Furniture Quest for a Collaborative Classroom - 2015
- Other People's Photos Showing Up in my TwitPic Photo Stream - 2011
- Reading the Fine Print: Considering Different eBook Publishing Options for the iBookstore - 2011
- Diigo now supports screenshots - 2010
- How can our school set up a team blog for teachers? - 2008
- Let's brainstorm ideas for Storychasers - 2008
- links for 2008-07-25 - 2008
- Will the 4th screen bring us together? - 2008
- Beware the dangers of multi-tasking - 2007
- Options for podcast publishing and web feed creation - 2007Stone Blue Drape Top With Silver Hand Embroidery
₹2,400.00
Bling it on with your wardrobe staples in this deep blue top from Lela. Complete with a round neckline and embellished short sleeves, this top is an ideal piece for your statement casuals. The silver hand embroidery on the sleeves add a glam factor to the piece and your style.
Description
Material – Blended Crepe
Neck Type – Round neck
Sleeve – 3/4 Sleeve
Pattern – embroided
Fit – Straight fit
Closure – N/A
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Myostatin (MSTN) offers been shown to be always a bad regulator of skeletal muscle mass development and development. transgenic sheep. MSTN Sulfo-NHS-LC-Biotin supplier manifestation was considerably inhibited in muscle groups of transgenic sheep in comparison to control sheep. Furthermore, transgenic sheep demonstrated a inclination to faster upsurge in bodyweight than control sheep. Histological evaluation demonstrated that myofiber size of transgenic sheep M17 had been larger than that of control sheep. Our results demonstrate a encouraging approach to advertising muscles development in livestock creation. Launch Myostatin (MSTN), an associate of the changing growth aspect beta (TGF-) superfamily, features as a poor regulator of skeletal muscles development and development. MSTN gene knockout mice possess in regards to a doubling of skeletal muscles weights through the entire body due to a combined mix of muscles fibers hyperplasia and hypertrophy [1]. Normal gene mutations of MSTN are also reported in a few cattle breeds [2]C[4], sheep [5], canines [6] and individual [7]. These pets present a double-muscled phenotype of significantly increased muscle tissue, and still practical and fertile [2]C[7]. These results have recommended that strategies with the capacity of disrupting MSTN function could be put on enhance pet growth functionality. RNA disturbance (RNAi) is an activity of sequence-specific, post transcriptional gene silencing, which includes been utilized to analyse gene function and develop book pet models [8]. Many groupings, including us, created transgenic RNAi mice which demonstrated a gene knockdown phenotype that was functionally comparable to gene knockout [9], [10]. The capability to RAC1 generate RNAi transgenics is particularly significant for livestock pet that stem cells possess yet to become derived. Lately, transgenic RNAi zebrafish with MSTN knockdown had been successfully created, which led to large- or Sulfo-NHS-LC-Biotin supplier double-muscle in transgenic zebrafish 11,12. These results suggest that pet growth performance could possibly be improved by knocking down MSTN using RNAi technology. Within this research, we investigated the chance of using RNAi technology to create transgenic sheep using a double-muscle phenotype. Our outcomes demonstrated that shRNA concentrating on MSTN successfully inhibited endogenous MSTN appearance in transgenic sheep. Furthermore, transgenic sheep demonstrated a propensity to faster upsurge in bodyweight than normal handles. Our research provide a appealing strategy for the creation of transgenic double-muscle pets. Materials and Strategies Ethics Declaration All experiments regarding animals had been conducted beneath the process (SU-ACUC-08032) accepted by the pet Care and Make use of Committee of Shihezi School. All sheep involved with this research had been raised and breed of dog followed the guide of Pet Husbandry Section of Xinjiang, P.R.China. Plasmid Structure shRNAs concentrating on sheep MSTN had been reported inside our prior reviews [13]. The shMSTN3 (A GCT AAC TCA CA-3), and cloned into BamH I and SwaI site of ploxP vector to create ploxP-shMSTN3 (Amount 1). Open up in another window Amount 1 Schematic illustration representing ploxP-shMSTN3 vector found in this research.Loxp: recombination site of Cre recombinase for bacteriophage P1; CMV: CMV promoter; Neo: neomycin gene; U6: polymerase III U6-RNA gene promoter, shRNA: brief hairpin RNA. Arrowhead indicated localization from the primers particular for shRNA appearance cassette and Neo gene. How big is the PCR amplicons is normally indicated. Cell Lifestyle, Transfection and Selection China Merino sheep fibroblast cells (SF) had been isolated and cultured as previously defined [14]. 2105 cells per well had been seeded in 12-well dish and cultured in clean DMEM without antibiotics to attain 80C90% confluency on your day of transfection. The cells had been after that transfected with 1.8 g/well of ploxP-shMSTN3 vectors using Lipofectamine 2000 (Invitrogen) based on the manufacturers protocol. After 48 h transfection, cells had been put into 100 mm dish at a proper Sulfo-NHS-LC-Biotin supplier dilution for G418 selection (500 g/ml). One G418-resistant colonies had been obtained after 2 weeks of selection. Structure of Transgenic Sheep by Somatic Nuclear Transfer Transgenic fibroblast colonies (TF-s2 and TF-s19) had been used to create transgenic sheep. Sheep nuclear transfer (NT) was performed as defined reviews [15], [16]. Quickly, ovaries had been collected from an area abattoir and carried to our lab within 4 h after slaughter. Cumulus-oocyte complexes (COCs) had been aspirated from 2 to 5 mm follicles with PBS (comprising 5% FCS) with a 5 ml syringe installed with.Looks like someone made it without actual knowledge of 3D in skeetchup ;)
Type: Posts; User: RailWorkshop
Looks like someone made it without actual knowledge of 3D in skeetchup ;)
Website is normal here.
77381
Sketchup :p
Excellent Model Sir
Union Pacific’s versatile and venerable Electro-Motive GP38-2
Electro-Motive F40PH-2...
Not playing Train Sims lately guys?
Choo choo train waiting 🚂
First decompress the .s file
The compressed file is written in unknown language 😄
SFM decompresses the .s file.
Use any notepad to edit.
Cheers
The new route have been announced in additional to the above mentioned as Peninsula Corridor: San Francisco - San Jose
Also no animals 🐮
Train Sim World 2020 will launch on August 15th, and we will have a Digital Deluxe Edition that includes our all-new USA route... Peninsula Corridor: San Francisco - San Jose!...
They are sticking to UE4.16 as confirmed by DTG Community Manager.
I see a lot of request from people on their forum that will DTG consider upgrading the UE4 version to the latest one?
Here is a good playlist for learning all about signalling.
Keep calm and play TS2019 😊 and OpenRails !
TSW going the same way as RW.
Promised and then not fulfilled !! 😒
Looks good !!
Best of luck with the project.
I used DXTBMP & found it better than AceIt.
Open the tsection and if I can recall there is some instructions for new tracks shapes and other relevent things.
Huh
MSTS is outdated.
i have built few signals for Indian Railways based on UK prototype.
I am afraid there is no specific guide to create from scratch.
I spot an animal !!
For you information, real life signals are controlled by human and the game signal are based on logic in scripts.
It is sometime not feasible to decode actual signal in simulator.
I am also...
I clicked on OP profile and the website says that it doesn't exist.
Best Graphics - Train Sim World
Best Gameplay - Run 8
Optimised in between the above are Open Rails and Train Simulator 2019.
Wonderful
This should allow the modeller to view the LOD and quality control on the shape file.
Thanks
Random spottingBabies and Teething go hand in hand. . . so do Toofeze and Loopy Gear! We have teamed up to bring you the COOLEST combination for those teething months. Our Exclusive Gift Set makes the perfect baby shower gift and comes in it's own gift box.
Toofeze Loopy Gear Gift Set - Sky Chevron.
Loopys are the stylish and functional way to keep your baby's rattle/toy clean and off the ground. With the Loopy, you simply attach the larger loop to your baby’s wrist and the smaller loop around their favorite rattle or toy. This practical baby item is so versatile that it can also be used to attach toys to car seats, strollers, high chairs, baby carriers, and shopping carts. Loopys are parent tested and mom approved.
Toofeze Teether:.
Loopy Gear: Machine washable. Make sure to connect velcro so as to not 'attach' to any other fabrics. Loopys are meant to be used with adult supervision. Do not leave a child unattended with this product. Meant to be used with standard rattles, teethers, and toys.April 21, 2021 - 15:28 BST Grace Lindsay Organisational expert Nicola Lewis, aka This Girl Can Organise, shares her top tips for travelling if you're planning a family staycation this summer. With the uncertainty of going abroad still looming, many of us are turning to staycations this summer to enjoy our time off with family and friends. Staycations are great as they remove the hassle of airport queues and plane delays, however when travelling with children in the car, there can definitely be some complications! RELATED: 8 holiday destinations you won't believe are in the UK Luckily Nicola Lewis, aka This Girl Can Organise, is here to help. Nicola has teamed up with MINI to share her top six hacks for a fuss-free journey, so that you can sit back, relax and enjoy the ride. Loading the player... WATCH: Nicola Lewis shares her top travel organisation tips 1. Clear the clutter Children or not, before you go anywhere, it’s important to make sure the car is clean before more mess can be made! The perfect way to start your trip, there’s no greater feeling than getting into a clean and tidy vehicle before you head off on your holiday (even if it doesn’t stay that way for long!). Nicola’s hero hack: “I always store a couple of microfibre cloths inside the glove compartment to keep the inside of the car dust free and clean. These cloths only require water to work efficiently so no harmful chemicals will be breathed in, plus this cloth is safe to use on all materials giving you confidence that it won’t tarnish the interior of your vehicle. When it comes to clearing clutter away, my MINI’s interior has easy-access storage throughout, including the glove box, push cupboard, door storage, cup holders and more, making going clutter free simple!” 10 microfibre cloths, £7.60 ($10.68), Amazon SHOP NOW 2. Good food means good mood No one wants the boot to be taken up by the weekly food shop. So, remember, you don’t need to take the entire fridge with you when you leave for your holiday, just a few essentials to see you on your way - this is especially important if you have fussy eaters to cater for! Nicola’s hero hack: “Organise a food delivery to arrive at your destination after you arrive to avoid needing to pack groceries for the week. This will give you more space for other essential items and there will be no risk of smelly food leaks!” Nicola Lewis is an expert when it comes to packing up the car for a holiday 3. Perfect your packing It sounds simple but having a plan before you pack is a must! Not only is it reassuring before you head off on your journey, but it will also allow you to pack with confidence, ensuring you have all your essentials to hand. Nicola’s hero hacks: “I love to use packing cubes filled with essential items and then store them underneath the front passenger seat. Items such a tissues, wet wipes, sick bags, sanitisers and face masks can all be stored neatly together. I’d also advise people to consider using soft luggage bags, as these can be manoeuvred into tight spaces inside your boot more easily than hard luggage cases. Lastly, use a rucksack to pack all your electrical items, such as iPads, laptops and chargers. Then, once unpacked at your destination, you will have a useful bag for any day trips you plan to take.” HELLO! love these foldable closet cubes from Mumi, which are great to use as packing cubes but can also be used to organise your wardrobe when you return from your trip! Foldable closet cube, £22.71 ($32), Mumi SHOP NOW 4. Comfort is key A relaxing time away means more than just physical comfort, there are simple practices you can put in place to make the whole holiday more comfortable for all the family too. Nicola’s hero hack for kids: “Use a small, soft velvet bean bag and get your child to fill it with their favourite soft toys and comforters, the things they will miss most from home. Not only will this keep them content, but this bag also doubles up as a soft pillow for the journey and an additional toy bag to keep their new holiday bedroom tidy!” MORE: 15 best National Parks you need to visit on your UK staycation this year Nicola’s hero hack for you: “I love using a beach cart to pack items into the boot of the car. The cart can then be used to easily transfer items from the car to accommodation and can also be used while on holiday for things like carrying essentials to the beach or camping site.” Folding beach trolley, £93.95 ($132.04), Amazon SHOP NOW 5. Snack smart Every seasoned staycationer knows that snacks are a must for any longer journey! However, when kids are involved, this can mean a mess in the car. What’s more, snacks can be easily mislaid amongst your packing, making for a stressful situation when you or the kids need to refuel quickly. READ: 4 Bridgerton inspired staycation spots to put on your bucket list Nicola’s hero hack for kids: “A hanging seat organiser will keep the kids entertained and occupied with their favourite toys and snacks. They hang behind the front passenger head rest which is easy to reach for children. Alternatively, you can create individual snack boxes using compartment containers and store them in the hanging seat organiser or the side well.” Nicola’s hero hacks for you: “I love to use a small or medium-sized craft box as a snack box, as it has lots of compartments for different snacks and can be passed around easily. Equally, when snacking is over and the mess remains, having a handheld vacuum stored in the car will allow you to clear up any mishaps or food crumbs quickly at any given time, keeping your car clean and fresh.” Car seat organiser, £13.99 ($19.66), Amazon SHOP NOW 6. The journey home Let’s face it, the thought of packing up your car at the end of your holiday can fill you with dread, particularly if you're dealing with tired children too! However, you can bring calm and clarity for your journey home with a few simple steps. Nicola’s hero hack for throughout the holiday: “Pack as you go throughout the week of the holiday, this keeps everything tidy in your accommodation and allows you to take your time packing up gradually. Separate dirty and clean items of clothing and place them into different holdalls; I recommend placing your clothes in colour order, as this will help speed up the washing process when you get home.” DISCOVER: 5 best house swap destinations for a UK staycation this summer Nicola’s hero hack for the day before you leave: “Pack up the car the day before you leave, not on the day you go. This will make the end of your holiday as stress free as possible.” Nicola’s hero hacks for packing the car: “If you’re struggling for space inside the car boot, then vacuum bags are a fab solution. You simply pack your clothes and then suck the air out to condense them down. This way you can save time on folding, but still enjoy more space in the car for items you might have purchased whilst on holiday. Having your handheld vacuum in the car will make this simple! It’s always a good idea to double bag the messy things too. I always carry a handful of samosa folded carrier bags in the boot area. They are particularly great for double bagging items like buckets and spades from the beach, to ensure sand stays confined and doesn’t get into the car. Make sure you do the same for muddy welly boots too!” 6 vacuum storage bags, £14.59 ($20.51), Amazon SHOP NOW HELLO!'s selection is editorial and independently chosen – we only feature items our editors love and approve of. HELLO! may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page. To find out more visit our FAQ page.With inside the Heart of Hope, Puri preaches perseverance, optimism
Puri
At a young age, Rishabh Puri had several major surgeries, but he was determined to brave the odds. He channeled all his experiences, hopes and joys into a book, Inside the Heart of Hope, which will help others in a similar situation. Today, he is an author and entrepreneur. Recently, he spoke with the media on how hope saved his life. This is captured in The Guardian.
Why Inside the Heart of 10, realised.
I decided to write my book, Inside the Heart of Hope, because I had a message inside of me bursting to get out. It is a story of strong will, perseverance, and optimism, which will move you to wonder if whether at all there are any limitations in life. I found a new way to recover from what others might consider a hopeless circumstance: relying on the hope that never abandons you: the hope within your own heart. It doesn’t matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. When you look inside yourself you will realize that nothing is impossible and that miracles do happen. You cause them for yourself when you decide to feel joy in spite of your circumstances.
So what is your message for those going through the challenges of life? also the world around you!
As time goes on, you’ll discover inside yourself an inexhaustible source of strength that will guide you out of your darkest days and into the light of love. Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is..
Your last words
If you feel like giving up, give up on that feeling and give into the realization there are endless possibilities waiting to be discovered before you. And never forget that I am out there fighting along with you, living each day as fully as I can.Jean King studies some of the African American History at Monday’s Celebrating Black History event. - RICH FREEDMAN — TIMES-HERALD
Darnice Richmond, present of The Fifty Plus Club, provided many of the African American artifacts at the Black History Program at the Florence Douglas Center. - RICH FREEDMAN — TIMES-HERALD
Myla Winkfield, 8, discussed slavery during Monday’s Black History Program at the Florence Douglas Center. - RICH FREEDMAN — TIMES-HERALD
Darnice Richmond’s grandmother recorded history of life in the 1800s for an African American, hoping to share her wisdom for the family’s future generations.
By accident, the tapes were erased.
“I wanted to listen to some jazz, so I taped over some of the history,” Richmond said. “To this day, I regret it.”
Richmond has remembered “bits and pieces” to tell her own kids and wisely suggests to young people, “When you listen to a senior talking, listen to everything they say even if they repeat it. Don’t do like I did.”
Richmond now writes her own history down and hopes Black History Month events such as Monday’s program at the Florence Douglas Center help create a legacy.
As president of the coordinating Fifty Plus Club, Richmond was instrumental in the second annual event featuring food, poetry, song, speakers and prayer.
The scheduled 3-hour festivities were all about “celebrating our blackness,” Richmond said. “And it celebrates the people who have gone on before us and laid down their lives which allows us to put on something like this.”
There was a time not long ago, continued Richmond, “when we couldn’t all sit down together and do this and enjoy each other’s company and each other’s culture.”
As much as it was a reminder for the older people in the audience, it was vital that the younger generation like 8-year-old speaker Myla Winkfield participate, Richmond said.
“Young children are our future and before they know where they’re going, they need to know where they came from and know about he people who paved the way,” Richmond said.
Barely able to see above the podium, Winkfield talked about importance of Frederick Douglass and Harriet Tubman in the movement to end slavery.
“Once upon a time, you couldn’t read or you would have been killed back in slavery,” Richmond said after Winkfield spoke. “To move forward, the young people need to know of their ancestors.”
Unfortunately, continued Richmond, not enough information about black history is taught in the public schools.
“If you’re not a black child interested enough to ask or go to the library, you miss out,” Richmond said. “I praying that it does get better. Everybody needs to know where they came from and what took place back then. If they’re not being taught, they can’t know.”
Richmond brought many historically significant items for a table exhibit at Monday’s event, including her grandfather’s farming implement from the 1800s.
“My kids ask, ‘Why do you still have that piece of junk?’ But I still use it in my garden,” Richmond said.
And her thoughts while using the machinery to space rows?
“I feel like I’m doing my garden with my granddaddy,” she said.
Jean King, who is white, said she was close to tears reading about African American history from one displayed piece.
“I think it’s fantastic,” she said. “This is the most elegant event we (the center) has all year. Everything is beautifully done.”
King said she appreciated Winkfield’s speech about slavery.
“That little girl was certainly remarkable,” King said. “Young people are going to be the next politicians, thank God.”
Other speakers included Mayor Bob Sampayan, who read a proclamation for the event, Deborah Young, and Douglas Center executive director Peter Wilson.
“Great food, an awesome program and the celebration of black history,” Wilson said.
The event was produced by The Fifty Plus Club, the Bid Whist Card Players Garden Club, and the Douglas Center.FAIRFIELD — Three people were killed when a helicopter contracted by Pacific Gas & Electric struck one of the utility’s power lines and crashed into a Northern California hillside on Tuesday, igniting a grass fire and knocking out electricity to thousands of customers, officials said.
The crash of the Bell 206 helicopter was reported around 1:30 p.m. along Interstate 80, midway between the cities of Fairfield and Vacaville.
The aircraft was a third party helicopter contracted by PG&E, said utility spokeswoman Brandi Merlo. She didn’t say what kind of work the crew was doing.
The helicopter came into contact with a transmission line before the crash, Merlo said.
The Solano County Sheriff’s Office said three people aboard were killed, KCRA-TV reported. They weren’t immediately identified.
The helicopter caught fire after crashing, said Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor.
A fire truck responding to the blaze rolled over, sending three firefighters to the hospital with minor injuries, said CalFire spokesman Will Powers. He said the fire burned about 7 acres.
Some 38,000 PG&E customers lost power and there was no estimate for when it would be restored, Merlo said.
The FAA and National Transportation and Safety Board will investigate the cause of the crash, Gregor said.What a weekend for Ramblers, Northmen!
It may have been the best weekend in northwestern Lower Peninsula history.
There was a palpable buzz Friday night in Boyne City, where the Ramblers invoked memories of 2001 in a convincing 47-0 victory against Negaunee.
The 2001 season was the last and only other time the Ramblers hoisted a district championship trophy. That year, Boyne City rolled through the regional before falling in the Division 5 state semifinal.
Could the same fate be in the cards for the Ramblers this year?
Boyne City (11-0) will host Pine River (8-3) for the Division 6 regional championship at 7 p.m. Friday in their seventh home battle in the past eight games.
This Boyne City team looked every bit like a statewide contender Friday, using speed and grit to even the score against Negaunee, who defeated the Ramblers 42-19 in last year’s district final.
This week’s regional opponent, Pine River, has put a nice run together to get to this point, edging Tawas Area (25-19) and Sanford Meridian (34-27) to win a district.
But they will face a hot team on their home turf. It will be one final chance for the Boyne City faithful to celebrate its team, because the potential state semifinal game would be played on a neutral turf.
And then there was Saturday, where the Petoskey football team put together hard-fought 20-14 Division 3 district championship victory against Mount Pleasant.
For as big of a week it was in Boyne City, there couldn’t have been a better week for Petoskey, who saw its voters pass an athletic bond proposal that calls for a $10 million renovation of the school’s athletic facilities including a new multipurpose field with artificial turf.
Petoskey (9-2) celebrated by scoring two quick touchdowns and hung on to secure the team’s first-ever district title. (In 1998, before the state playoffs expanded, Petoskey won a pre-regional game and advanced to the regional finals).
The running game of the Northmen has only improved as the season has gone along, but the team’s biggest test will come next weekend, when it plays at Muskegon, 27-14 winners against Cedar Springs in the district final. The Big Reds (10-1) are considered one of the state’s best programs and best teams and have played and lost in two-straight state championship games (both in Division 2.)
In less than 24 hours this weekend, both Boyne City and Petoskey secured a place in their school’s respective history books in front of their home fans.
How long can this excitement last? That will be determined this weekend, but for now, let’s enjoy the ride.
Teams like this don’t come around very often.
Jeremy Speer is sports director for the Petoskey News-Review, Gaylord Herald Times and Charlevoix Courier. He can be reached at jspeer@schurz.com.Wayne Rooney has been voted a better player than Sergio Aguero
Sergio Aguero has achieved so much during his time at Manchester City.
Since joining in 2011, he has scored 180 goals in 261 English top-flight games.
His goals have been essential as Manchester City have won 13 trophies in that time, including four Premier League titles.
He is, undoubtedly, one of the best Premier League strikers in history. But how does he compare to Wayne Rooney?
The two were very different strikers.
Rooney wasn't as lethal in front of goal, with his goals-to-game ratio significantly lower than Aguero's.
In total, Aguero's goals-to-game ratio in the Premier League is 0.69, while Rooney's is 0.42.
But the Englishman was a more complete player. He was technically better than Aguero, provided more assists and could contribute more in the defensive side of the game.
Both were terrific players, but who do football fans think was the best?
We asked our followers on Facebook who they thought was a better player in their prime.
129k people voted and 57% went with the former Manchester United and Everton player.
Darren Bent also thinks that Rooney was a better player than Aguero.
When asked whether the Argentine was better than Rooney back in January, he said: "No way.
"If you're talking about an all-round footballer, no way. Rooney had everything. He wasn't known as a renowned goalscorer but he scored over 200 goals. That's scary."
He added: "As a goalscorer, I'm still taking Rooney. He has 208 Premier League goals, which is crazy.
"When you think about the last part of his time at Man United, he was playing a lot deeper. Sometimes he was asked to play in midfield.
"For him to score 208 goals... we've seen some great strikers get no where near that."
I agree with both Bent and the majority of those that voted. Aguero's goals-to-game ratio is better than Rooney's, but that's the only area he was better.
Rooney could do everything and, in his prime, was among the very best players in the world.
The Englishman doesn't get the respect he deserves. Hopefully that changes when he hangs up his boots later this decade.
- Premier League: the best attacking trios in history have been ranked
- FC Seoul place female plastic dolls in the stand for match vs Gwangju FC
- Haaland is being compared to Zlatan Ibrahimovic after post-match interviewAnyone who knows me knows that I am not a morning person. Never have been, never will be. I used to do a lot of hunting and fishing, but I never subscribed to the theory that you have to roll out of bed at O-Dark-30 just to ambush a bunny rabbit or hook a trout. […]
Sep 092009Kanda Named to Inc. 5000 List for the 5th year in a row
October 21, 2020
Back to All News
Kanda has been included on Inc.5000 prestigious list of the fastest growing private companies in the USA for the 5th year in a row.
“It is an honor for Kanda Software to be included in the Inc. 5000 List for five consecutive years,” said Alex Karpovsky, CEO. “This recognition is a direct result of our commitment to providing best-in-class Software Development, Cloud Engineering, DevOps and Quality Assurance Services and dedication to the business objectives of our clients. We attribute our success to Kanda team’s creativity, dedication and exceptional technical skills.”What benefits can self-employed persons get from Kela?
As a self-employed person you can get the same benefits from Kela as employees. You can also get reimbursements if you have arranged occupational health services for yourself.
The allowances, such as allowances for parents and the sickness allowance, are determined on the basis of the reported income under the YEL or MYEL pension insurance schemes. As regards some benefits, for instance social assistance, Kela may perform a profitability analysis on your business before granting the benefit.
These pages provide information on the most common situations where you as a self-employed person may need Kela benefits. The pages also contain information on how to apply for benefits.
- From unemployed to self-employed
- Maintaining work capacity
- Parenthood
- Sickness and incapacity
- Small income
- Ending self-employment
- Retirement
Further information on all Kela benefits is available via.
Kela will send the benefits data to the national incomes register within five days of the date of payment.All-Big Bend flag football: Godby's Colburn becomes next quarterback Player of the Year
The Cougars' senior quarterback totaled 53 touchdowns during Godby's 14-2 season; Godby coach Chelsea Parmer named Coach of the Year
Off the field, Godby senior Kaylene Colburn probably won’t or shouldn’t carry her “Killer” nickname past high school.
But on the flag football field where Colburn shined for four years as a quarterback and defensive back, it’s a fitting moniker.
Colburn, who got the nickname her freshman year from Cougars coach Chelsea Parmer while killing a conditioning workout, killed the competition to the tune of 53 total touchdowns this spring.
For her efforts in leading the Cougars to a district title, Class 1A No. 2 ranking for most of the season, and a 14-2 record, Colburn has been named the 2019 All-Big Bend Player of the Year in flag football.
“I like it when they call me that. It motivates me,” Colburn said of her nickname.
“This award means a lot. It means you put hard work, dedication, and confidence into everything you did on the field to get Player of the Year. It was a big goal for me. I was trying to get it and it was a big goal accomplished, so it feels great.”
Colburn completed 58 percent of her passes for 1,934 yards and 39 touchdowns this season. On the run, she gained 756 yards and 13 touchdowns.
Additionally, Colburn scored Godby’s lone defensive touchdown and produced 11 extra-point runs and 19 extra-point passes – amounting to 348 points she was responsible for out of the 404 that the Cougars scored.
DISTRICT SEMIFINALS:Godby, Lincoln advance to district championship game
DISTRICT FINAL:Godby wins district championship three years after intended
It was a far cry from splitting time at the position as a freshman.
“In the beginning, I didn’t know what I was doing,” Colburn said. “My throwing was off, my body wasn’t adjusting to what a quarterback’s body should do, but through working with my coach and working on the motions, it made me the quarterback I am today.”
Having played softball from the age of 4 until she got to high school and began learning flag football for the first time, Colburn used her athleticism and speed all over the field.
Defensively, she made 24 flag pulls, broke up eight passes and recorded 10 interceptions. But offensively, Colburn slung the ball around in such a manner that senior receivers Armarni Williams and Gisele Jones each caught over 50 passes, gained more than 600 yards, and reached double-digit touchdowns.
“My team kept me motivated,” Colburn said. “They depended on me to make good passes and get the ball where it was supposed to be to score or gain yards.”
Cougars senior receiver Kiara Byrd and sophomore Toni McClain also earned first-team All-Big Bend honors and were part of five huge offensive threats the Cougars ran onto the field each game.
“Quarterback is the hardest position to play, but Killer has come a long way and her skill set has gotten a lot better,” Parmer said. “She’s more consistent with her throws, more comfortable with what we’re running, and she can read defenses a lot better. She’s just grown within the position. That came with experience.
“She did a great job for us this year. She had fantastic stats and a lot of great players around her. The thing we preached to her was just getting them the ball and letting them help her.”
Parmer named Coach of the Year
This marks the third straight Godby starting quarterback that Chelsea Parmer – a former two-time Player of the Year quarterback at Leon in 2007 and 2008 – has turned into the Player of the Year at some point during their career.
Colburn follows up Shelby Hartley in 2016 and Brittney Delva in 2014.
“It certainly helps to know the position and the pressures that come with it,” Parmer said. “I’ve tried to relay to anybody who has played quarterback for me that they have to be the hardest-working person. They have to prove it every single down.”
Parmer was also selected as the 2019 All-Big Bend Coach of the Year, her third time receiving the honor (2014, 2016). Each time it has happened was when Godby won a district title.
This year, the Cougars cashed in on the program’s third district championship while also living up to the lofty rankings and records, something that didn’t happen at the end of the regular season the past two years.
Godby won its regional semifinal game this year against No. 13 Niceville before falling to No. 4 Clay High 18-13 in the regional finals.
PLAYOFF ROUNDUP:Seasons end for Maclay lacrosse, Godby flag football, Chiles tennis
“When I first came in, I don’t think Godby had won more than three games in a season,” said Parmer, who just finished her sixth season with the Cougars. “The main thing was getting kids out there that wanted to compete and cared. Once they see that you as a coach care, they will reciprocate that. From there, we were fortunate to have some success and more kids wanted to come out.
“And then all four of the seniors this year, they’ve played since freshmen and been that foundation. That has done a lot in the win-loss column. They’re good kids with big personalities. We do our best job to put the best product on the field and some years that can be more challenging than others, but I think we’ve done a good job as a staff and school.”
2019 All-Big Bend flag football
Player of the Year: Kaylene Colburn, Godby
Coach of the Year: Chelsea Parmer, Godby
First Team
- Kaylene Colburn, Sr., QB/DB, Godby (1,934 pass yards, 39 TD; 756 rush yards, 13 TD; 24 FP, 10 INT, 8 PB, 1 def. TD)
- Janae Scott, Jr., QB/LB, Florida High (1,328 pass yards, 12 TD; 2,177 rush yards, 25 TD; 2 rec. TD; 45 FP, 19 sacks, 6 INT, 19 PB)
- Armarni Williams, Sr., WR/LB, Godby (54 rec., 705 yards, 17 TD; 73 FP, 12 PB; punt ret. TD)
- Iyanla Woodfaulk, Sr., QB/DB, Rickards (1,775 pass yards, 25 TD, 12 rush TD; 35 FP, 2 INT)
- Lasage Ferguson, Jr., WR/DB, Madison County (83 rec., 672 yards, 12 TD; 43 FP, 5 INT, 2 def. TD; 3 punt ret. TD)
- Gisele Jones, Sr., WR/DB, Godby (58 rec., 623 yards, 11 TD; 117 rush yards, 3 TD; 60 FP, 10 PB, 6 INT)
- Zharia Norwood, Jr., QB/RB/WR, Madison County (65 rec., 484 yards, 7 TD; 1 punt ret. TD)
- Ja’daa Wilson, Jr., RB/DB, Wakulla (600 rush yards, 16 rec., 4 off. TD; 22 FP, 6 PB, 3 INT)
- Talia Miller, Jr., RB/DB, Chiles (52 rec., 309 yards; 204 rush yards; 28 FP, 5 INT, 7 PB)
- Tamauria Youngblood, Jr., RB/LB, Florida High (465 rec. yards, 6 off. TD; 29 FP, 2 INT)
- Kayley Farmer, Sr., DB/WR, Lincoln (731 rec. yards, 8 TD; 53 FP, 10 INT, 3 def. TD)
- Toni McClain, So., WR/DB, Godby (25 rec., 183 yards, 5 TD; 2 rush TD; 37 FP, 22 PB, 13 INT)
- KeShonda Gaskins, Sr., WR/DB, Rickards (30 rec., 675 yards, 9 TD; punt ret. TD; 25 FP, 4 INT)
- Kiara Byrd, Sr., WR/LB, Godby (45 rec., 382 yards, 4 TD; 32 FP, 10 PB, 4 INT)
- Rachel Myrick, Sr., WR/QB/DB, Chiles (30 rec., 394 yards, 6 TD; 108 pass yards, 2 TD)
- Erin Turral, So., QB/WR/LB, Lincoln (56 rec., 784 yards, 4 TD; 500 rush yards, 7 TD; 313 pass yards, 3 TD; 88 FP, 3 INT, 1 def. TD)
Second Team
- Ameari Logan, Fr., WR/DB, FAMU DRS (46 rec., 743 yards, 8 TD; 53 FP, 12 PB, 6 INT, 3 def. TD)
- Alyssa Gilliam, Fr., WR/DB, Rickards (23 rec., 570 yards, 7 TD; 6 INT, 1 def. TD)
- Bailey Kay Ragans, Fr., R, Chiles (62 FP, 24 TFL, 9 sacks, 15 QBH)
- Kyndall Thomas, Jr., QB/WR, Florida High (278 rec. yards, 5 TD; 7 pass TD; 19 FP, 5 INT)
- Jada Rhodes, Jr., WR/DB, Florida High (245 rec. yards, 4 TD; 15 FP, 4 INT)
- Kenyia Davis, Jr., QB, Madison County (1,356 pass yards, 19 TD)
- Maya Brown, Sr., C/R, Florida High (215 rec. yards, 2 TD; 24 FP, INT)
- Essence Nobles, Jr., RB/R, Godby (147 rush yards, TD; 13 rec., 108 yards, 2 TD; 71 FP, 25 sacks)
- Sophie Hightower, Sr., QB/LB, Leon (5 pass TD, 4 rush TD, 7 rec., TD; 10 INT)
- Suraya Wash, Fr., QB/WR/DB, FAMU DRS (563 pass yards, 5 TD; 438 rush yards, 6 TD; 21 rec., 326 yards, 3 TD; 29 FP, 4 INT, 14 PB)
- Payton Fewell, Jr., WR/LB, Wakulla (7 rec., 150 yards; 56 FP, 7 PB, 3 INT)
- Molly Hennessy, Jr., WR, Chiles (34 rec., 503 yards, 7 TD)
- Nyjuah Nixon, Sr., LB/WR, Rickards (85 FP, 3 sacks; 8 rec., 85 yards)
- Ikia Washington, Jr., WR/LB, Lincoln (26 rec., 435 yards, 5 TD; 71 FP, 5 INT, 2 def. TD)
- Malia Burch, Jr., WR/DB, Lincoln (31 rec., 397 yards, 6 TD; 34 FP, 6 INT)
- Sam Wilson, So., QB, Chiles (1,530 pass yards, 16 TD)
- Lawton Campbell, Sr., WR, Chiles (30 rec., 289 yards, 5 TD)
Honorable Mention
FAMU DRS: Ashley Reddick, Jr., WR/DB; Alex Reddick, Fr., WR/DB; Florida High: Alex Baldwin; Gadsden County: Tajah Mitchell, Sr., QB; Justice Butler, Sr., RB/DB; Godby: Kimaniy Dorsey, So., LB; Jefferson County: Janiya Graham, Sr., QB/ATH; Jamariyia Young, So., B/R; Leon: Sydney Jenkins, Sr., RB; Lincoln: Ivy Zheng, Sr., QB; Tiana Curry, So., WR/DB; Arnecia Floyd, Jr., LB; Madison County: Zorreya Lee, Sr., R/DB; Rickards: Denia Love, Sr., RB; Jakiyah Robinson, Fr., WR/DB; Makayla Brown, So., R; Elysia Butler, Fr., WR/LB; Wakulla: Christeney Byrd, Jr., DB; Kylee Pitman, Fr., WR/QB/R
The All-Big Bend teams were selected by area coaches in conjunction with Democrat staff.
Past Flag Football All-Big Bend Players of the Year
2019: Kaylene Colburn, Godby; 2018: Janae Scott, Florida High; 2017: Darrion Denmark, Godby; 2016:Online dating may be a method that enables individuals to discover and present themselves to prospective romantic internet connections via the Internet, generally with the goal of producing sexual, charming, or personal relationships. Dating online is similar to the meeting and dating somebody in real life. However , in this case, the interactions will be caused through the Net. With internet dating, you can meet somebody from all over the world, without ever forcing your home or perhaps having to keep your comfortable, comfy chair.
With this modern time, there are many dating locations available on the Internet pertaining to singles in promoting themselves. A few of these dating websites allow free registration while others need registration. If you are looking for singles in your area, you can check the paper classifieds designed for ads or perhaps search your website of a nationwide dating site, just like those manage by the American Independent Matchmaker. Most of the services allow you to read through their databases of public. Most of the paid dating websites online do not allow you to read through their dating areas unless you register first.
There are many advantages of becoming a member of one of the paid out web internet sites for seeing websites. For beginners, if you are truly serious about finding a good one, you will be forced to give out specified personal information that is usually protected by simply strict regulations of privacy. As one example, when you are registering at a dating webpage, you will be asked to list your current city and state of residence. This information is accepted as trust aspect by the website’s members. In actual fact that a lot of fraud singles have been attracted to world wide web internet dating due to these privacy laws.
Many from the big online dating web sites provide you with the best possible solutions, and this is why they will are incredibly popular. They keep a huge repository of individuals, which they frequently update through their website. This means you does not have to worry about getting scammed or having bad luck with their company. On the other hand, if you wish to get the the majority of accurate and recent information about lonely people, then you need and subscribe with one of many big set up internet dating sites.
Now, problem that comes to our head what is anastasia date can be – how do we find the top ten Colombian dating website? What is the criteria that these websites use in choosing the best and most qualified singles? Well, they make the best and the most appropriate criteria based on the experience and cautious research. The criterion these websites use for choose their affiliate is very intricate. However , just just to with patience wait for their particular reply by means of email.
Another criterion these Colombian internet dating website observe is that they usually do not sell the info regarding singles they may have collected. For anyone who is willing to give them your email, you will be able to experience a look at all the information they have about you. On the other hand, if you are not really willing to let them have your current email address, you will be able to begin to see the profiles which have been displayed on the home-page. So , if you would like to learn regarding all the folks that belong to this special community, you can take a review of the main page of their web page. All you need to do is to search through this and you will definitely obtain a profile that looks interesting for you. Similar to in most in the cases, you’ll end up asked to cover the information you wanted.On completion of this course, you will be able to:
- Explain what CVD is and the population groups it affects
- Recognise conditions (co-morbidities) that contribute to CVD and the impact they have on CVD symptoms
- Explain the impact of CVD on an individual’s quality of life
- Explain the key diagnostic tools used in CVD
- Explain a range of pharmacological (medicine-based) and non-pharmacological (lifestyle-based) pathways used in CVD
- Apply your learning to ‘real life’ case studiesCylindrical split, clasped or solid bushings:
The split rolled sliding bushings,with or without joint with closed or open split, is the result of a rolling and shaping process on steel + sintered bronze sheets. These sliding sleeves can also be closed by laser welding or clasping . Whatever the configuration they always have high level mechanical and dynamic characteristics. Any bushing can be made with one or two flanges.
On solid, unsplit sliding bushings, the bronze or tin layers are applied through a classical smelting process.
Split PYDANE (R) Bushings are : specifically executed with 316 TI Stainless Steel as base material on which a highly resistant anti friction PTFE/metal fabric is solderedVaqueros to retire King’s number
Jayme King’s legacy at Fernley High School will most likely continue to be felt for years to come.
Friday, the school’s softball program will honor her legacy permanently.
The Vaqueros will host a special ceremony before Friday’s game against Dayton to retire King’s No. 18 jersey. The ceremony will include the unveiling of a banner that will hand on the outfield fence throughout the season.
Afterward, the Vaqueros will take on their Lyon County rivals, a team that has struggled out of the gate with an 0-6 league record so far.
The Vaqueros were scheduled to play Tuesday against Fallon, after going 0-4-1 in the Las Vegas Spring Jamboree last week.
The Vaqueros tied Chaminade (West Hills, Calif.) 4-4, but then lost to Maranatha (Pasadena, Calif.) 13-5, Liberty (Henderson) 11-3, Green Valley (Henderson) 4-3 and Basic (Henderson) 11-1.
Coach Diane Chapin said the Vaqueros played poorly throughout the tournament, except for the first game against Chaminade.
“I didn’t think those teams were that much better in ability than us,” Chapin said.
The common theme throughout the week, Chapin said, was that the Vaqueros didn’t push runs across when they had opportunities, and they made mistakes in the field that prolonged innings and kept opposing rallies alive.
“We saw some things we can fix easily in the season,” Chapin said.
In Thursday’s first game, Mercedes Rothwell started Fernley’s comeback from a 3-1 deficit with a home run, and the Vaqueros scored three times in the sixth to tie the game.
Fernley only managed three hits in the game, two by Rothwell.
Maranatha used a 6-run first inning to jump on the Vaqueros early, then added five more in the fifth inning after Fernley had closed within 9-5. Again the Vaqueros struggled at the plate, managing just five hits.
“We couldn’t do anything offensively, and we should have,” Chapin said.
With a tie and a loss, the Vaqueros were put into the Silver bracket against Liberty.
There, they managed only two hits, singled by Rothwell and Macie Kirk.
“They hit the ball real well and we made some defensive mistakes,” Chapin said.
The Vaqueros then moved into a consolation bracket, where Green Valley pulled out the 4-3 win.
Rothwell staked Fernley to a 2-0 first inning lead with a home run, but Green Valley answered with two runs in the second and one in the third.
Fernley tied the game in the bottom of the sixth, but missed a chance to take the lead when a runner missed second base and had to go back on a ball hit to the right field corner that could have scored her. In extra innings with the international tiebreaker, the Vaqueros were unable to score a runner from second base, then in its half of the inning, Green Valley hit a fly ball over the right fielder’s head to knock in the winning run.
Hailee Edgar, Rothwell and Caitlin Kindred had the only hits for Fernley.
In the finale, Basic used a 4-run third inning and 6-run fourth to put the Vaqueros away.
Fernley had just five hits, including a double by Brooke Chapin that led to the Vaqueros’ only run.
Chapin said much of the problems throughout the tournament were based on a lack of situational execution.
“Some of it is softball sense,” she said. “We were getting beat because sometimes batters would foul off pitches and wait for a good pitch. We need to focus on, ‘What do I want to do in this situation, and how do I fight to do it?’”sleeping beauty
climb into my kitchen
and i’ll build you a window
walled by whisper wing
and fire dream
we’ll marry word and wonder
filter fear and petty shadow
press cold noses to the glass
of each season’s metronome
i’ll feed you butterfly and brimstone
bits of light and captured night
with dragon song and maiden dawn
to keep you from flight’s rescue
.
.
A poem a day for 30 days, in honor of National Poetry Month.
This post is part of NaPoWriMo.
Also joining in with PAD (poem a day) over at Writer’s Digest.
.
April 27th, 2014 at 10:35 am
Totally magical. 🙂
April 27th, 2014 at 7:41 pm
Loving the cold noses and the dragon songs.
April 28th, 2014 at 3:12 am
I love that 2nd to last verse ~Top Reasons You May Need Computer Repair in Minneapolis, MN
Some people simply work through any computers they may be experiencing, but there is good reason to get your computer repaired when you need it. You shouldn’t wait until your computer completely stops working before you seek help from the computer professionals. Learning what you should look for that can indicate the need for computer repair Minneapolis, MN, is essential to ensure your computer operates at peak efficiency at all times.
Troubleshoot Problems
Whenever your computer doesn’t react the way it used to, it may be cause for concern. While some slowdowns are natural as your computer ages and you add more programs, there is no reason for programs to freeze up, stop working or slow down your computer to excruciating speeds. When you notice something is different about the way your computer reacts, especially in regard to using specific programs or parallel devices, it may be time to have an evaluation to determine if your computer needs to be repaired.
Virus Removal
As you use the Internet, you are putting your computer at risk for falling victim to a virus. Some viruses are harmful, while others are simply an annoyance. No matter which kind of virus it is, it can cause serious issues with the way your computer operates and could put your sensitive information at risk. Keeping these viruses, even the harmless ones, on your computer can lead to slow operating times and other functional issues. When you take your computer in for computer repair in Minneapolis, MN, the technicians can detect and remove any viruses impacting your computer as well.
Recover Lost Data
Losing data can be one of the worst feelings in the world. Instead of lamenting over lost pictures, documents or other files, a computer repair specialist may be able to recover the information from the hard drive. Sometimes it seems as though information is gone, but it is still in your computer in an inaccessible location. If you have ever watched crime shows where they are able to find information on a criminal’s computer, you understand that it is possible to recover data that is seemingly lost. While this isn’t always the case, a good computer specialist stands a good chance of recovering it for you.
A broken computer may feel as if it is the end of the world, but it doesn’t have to be. When you count on computer specialists for computer repair in Minneapolis, MN, you can be sure your computer will be back to running well in no time. These repair companies are often able to do more than fix a computer that doesn’t work at all. They also troubleshoot problems, remove viruses and help you recover lost data.Hamilton DQ’ed from Sao Paulo GP qualifying
• History graduate from Reading University
• Joined ESPNF1 in February 2014
SAO PAULO, Brazil — Lewis Hamilton has been disqualified from qualifying for the Sao Paulo Grand Prix for a breach of F1’s technical regulations.
Hamilton beat title rival Max Verstappen to the quickest time in qualifying but will now start Saturday’s sprint race from last.
After Friday’s qualifying session, Hamilton’s car was referred to the stewards for an alleged breach of the regulations around his rear wing.
To be deemed legal, an F1 car’s Drag Reduction System (DRS) overtaking aid cannot open by more than 85 millimeters when operated by the driver.
On Saturday afternoon, the stewards said: “Hamilton’s car could not fulfill the requirement of a maximum 85 millimeter measurement,” referring to the DRS’s maximum opening at either end of the wing.
The decision will have a huge impact on the championship. Hamilton already trails Verstappen by 19 points with four races left.
Hamilton also faces a five-place grid penalty for Sunday’s race after an engine change made by Mercedes ahead of the weekend, meaning he faces the prospect of not scoring points in the sprint race, which only awards points to the top three drivers, and then moving five places back on Sunday’s grid from wherever he finishes on Saturday.
By contrast, Verstappen looks well placed to win both the sprint race and tomorrow’s grand prix, which would move him to the verge of a first career championship.
The Hamilton disqualification concluded a dramatic period of intrigue and speculation which started on Friday evening, as Verstappen had also been asked to visit the stewards on Saturday morning after a fan video emerged of him inspecting and touching the same part of Hamilton’s car that was called into question.
Shortly before confirming Hamilton’s disqualification, Verstappen was fined €50,000 for breaching parc ferme regulations. Crucially, as there had been some speculation Verstappen my have compromised that part of Hamilton’s car by touching it, the stewards said “no direct harm” had been caused by the Red Bull driver doing this.
Notably, the stewards also stated that Mercedes agreed Verstappen’s actions were “unlikely” to have caused the fault, although the team believed it had been an “open question” when the video came to light.
The full verdict in the Hamilton disqualification:
The FIA said in a statement: “The Technical Delegate reported that Car 44 failed the test designed to check the requirements of the last paragraph of Art. 3.6.3 of the 2021 FIA Formula 1 Technical Regulations. The check is described in Technical Directive 011-19.
 Stewards held a hearing on Friday following qualifying with Ron Meadows, the Competitor representative, and Simon Cole, the Chief Engineer, Trackside and from the FIA Jo Bauer, Technical Delegate and Nicholas Tombazis, Single Seater Technical Director. The Stewards then adjourned the hearing to gather more evidence and at 10:30am on Saturday morning held a further hearing that also included John Owen, Chief Designer for the Competitor, who testified by video conference, but did not include Jo Bauer.
 in TD/011-19. The gauges were measured and the Stewards were satisfied that they were the correct dimension. The Competitor therefore argues that their car complied with the regulation in the static position and thus meets the regulation.
“The FIA argues that while not regulatory, the TD, like many others, describes the procedure for the test so that competitors may design cars to meet the regulations. Further, the TD states that the test is designed “to make sure that the rear wing element does not deflect to a larger opening than the permitted value…”. The Stewards take the position that while a TD is not in itself a regulation, TDs are accepted as the method upon which the teams may rely and in this case, the test that was carried out was in conformity with the TD and its legitimate aims.
“The Competitor alleged that the fact that the car passed the test in the center section of the wing is both a mitigating factor and shows that there was no intent to breach the regulation. While the Stewards accept that the latter point may be true, the Stewards believe that which sections failed is not relevant to the fact that the wing did fail the test.
. The Stewards therefore chose to keep the assembly under seal and preserve the evidence of the failure, rather than altering the parts in an inspection which would have involved some handling of the parts and thus some alteration of the evidence.
“The final point of the Competitor regarding the assembly itself is that it is regular practice for the FIA Technical Department to allow teams to fix minor problems that they find with their cars, even during the Parc Fermé conditions of qualifying. Had the Competitor recognized this problem during qualifying they surely would have sought, and the FIA Technical Department confirmed, they would have received permission to fix the parts or tighten bolts if needed.
“The Stewards were sympathetic to this argument and analyzed.
“At the end of the first hearing on Friday, amateur video emerged of driver Max Verstappen touching car 44 in Parc Fermé..
.
“Finally, therefore, the Stewards decide that car 44 failed the test indicated in TD/011-19 and is therefore in breach of Art 3.6.3 of the FIA Formula 1 Technical Regulations. The Stewards agree with the Competitor that this is something gone wrong, rather than an intentional act or design but did not find there to be mitigating circumstances. Further, Art 1.3.3 of the International Sporting Code states that “it shall be no defence to claim that no performance advantage was obtained”. Therefore, the Stewards order the usual penalty for technical non-compliance of Disqualification from the qualifying session.
“Competitors are reminded that they have the right to appeal certain decisions of the Stewards, in accordance with Article 15 of the FIA International Sporting Code and Chapter 4 of the FIA Judicial and Disciplinary Rules, within the applicable time limits.”
Source: Read Full ArticleEnjoy the classic Candy Cane Lane and bring a can of food or toy to keep the holiday bright for everyone.
All of the houses on Candy Cane Lane — also known as Arlene Drive — participate each year, said Sylvia Spanos, who hangs a banner outside her house to remind people of the festivities.
In addition to decking out their homes with lights, inflatable characters and other seasonal decor, the residents hand out candy canes to their visitors.
This year, the main events on Candy Cane Lane will be held from Dec. 18-20.
On these nights, the residents will collect non-perishable food items to donate to the Vaca FISH food pantry and new, unwrapped toys of all kinds to contribute to the Vacaville Firefighters’ Toy Drive.
The NorCal Knights Car Club will cruise down Candy Cane Lane starting at 5:30 p.m. Dec. 19.
Santa Claus will arrive with them, and the car club always brings lots of toys, Spanos said.India’s campaign at the #ICCT20WorldCup pic.twitter.com/VhsdiQld8I
— Virender Sehwag (@virendersehwag) November 7, 2021
Well done @BLACKCAPS for getting into semis..you guys deserve it. How good is Kane Williamson wah.. love this man and his NZ team.. I know india isn’t going forward no worries we will get better and come back stronger @BCCI
— Harbhajan Turbanator (@harbhajan_singh) November 7, 2021
So after 9 years and 6 succesive semi-final qualifications, India fail to qualify for the semi-finals of a ICC event. Haven’t played to potential and it will hurt the team a lot. Time to get the act right for next year’s world cup in Australia.
— Venkatesh Prasad (@venkateshprasad) November 7, 2021Property Attributes
- ID#1710716
- TypePending
- CountyKING
- CityHobart
- AreaBlk Dimnd-Mpl Vl
- NeighborhoodHobart
- Zip98038
- StyleCraftsman
- Price$ 1,097,900
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage3436
- Lot Size5.06 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
GCH Puget Sound, Inc. and NWMLS
Data Source:
Northwest Multiple Listing Service (NWMLS) - 21 - WA
Property Description
Garrette Custom Homes presents the St Helens! Master on Main Open Concept Floor Plan with 2 additional BRs down, Bonus and 4th BR up. Master is separated for privacy and relaxation. Gourmet Kitchen with large island and SS appliances, double ovens and 5 burner cooktop. Covered patio with outdoor fireplace for entertaining. Personal Design Options can still be selected from our 5000 sq ft Design Center.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolWhat are THIRDHOME members saying about their luxury home exchange trips to Ireland and New York?
THIRDHOME Exchange members recently returned from Galway, Ireland and Hudson, New York. Read more about their fantastic fall retreats and unforgettable luxury cottages.
Whale Harbour Cottage | Roundstone, Ireland
Whale Harbour Cottage is located in the scenic Roundstone area in the west of Ireland. Comprised of a stunning kitchen, a generous sitting-room, private outdoor spaces, three en-suite bedrooms, and a cozy fireplace, this is the perfect destination for a relaxing countryside getaway. Enjoy a reading room with unparalleled views over Whale Harbour to Gurteen Bay. Better yet, the stunning Whale Harbour Cottage is ideally located as a base to explore Connemara & the rest of Galway.
THIRDHOME member Terry says, “We thoroughly enjoyed our week at Whale Harbour Cottage. [Hosts] Jon & Brenda generously stocked the property with food and drink so we were comfortable on arrival and well cared for during our stay. The home is located in the spectacular Connemara region of Ireland and we took advantage of the great day trips that were within a short drive from Roundstone. It was so refreshing to come back to the Cottage and enjoy a quick dip in the ocean or walk along the beaches within a short hike from the house. Thanks Jon & Brenda for sharing this lovely, peaceful home with us. It provided a perfect location for a special anniversary trip for us and we hope some day to return!” Click here to read more of Terry’s review.
Downtown Hudson Valley Retreat | Hudson, New York
Boasting a cheerful interior with vibrant colors, this sophisticated Hudson Valley abode is the perfect retreat for extended families or large groups. The space includes eight bedrooms, multiple kitchens, and ample large gathering areas. Situated on 4500 square-feet, this property is only one block from Warren Street and a few blocks from the Catskill Mountains. Hudson Valley lies 120 miles north of the boroughs and is close to the Hudson River with hiking trails that boast red and orange foliage in the fall. Experience one of the oldest wine-producing areas in the country, beaming with natural beauty and history.
THIRDHOME member Elizabeth wrote, “We had a fantastic time staying in this very special home. The division of the house into three separate apartments connected by an interior hallway was perfect for our extended family. The location is A+, a short walk to Warren Street with all its great little shops and restaurants, and the house has been updated and furnished with great decorative flair. We loved the excellent selection of books on the bookshelves in the various units, and the fun art displayed throughout. The owners were very responsive and helpful. We would be more than happy to visit again.” Click here to read more of Elizabeth’s review.
Members, click here to view all available weeks and plan your next THIRDHOME Exchange trip. Remember, you must be logged in to your account to see availability.
Want more information about our Exchange Club? Click here to learn more about[Spizoo] Ryan Keely, Emily Blacc Caged Emily Blacc 10.10.2018.mediaverse.plex.tv
Thunderstruck 14
In a winter where little snow fell and summer-like temperatures kept most snomobilers at home, Thunderstruck scrambled the sleds and riders and jumped into the trucks, traveling from Mountain Range to Mountain Range looking for a place to film TS14!
Watch Thunderstruck 14 online free
play_circle_filledMy plan was to stay for six months.
Until that moment, I had never before packed my life into two suitcases. What a chore it was to decide which of my possessions would be deemed worthy of viewing the sights of Cape Town.
I remember laying out the candidates on the carpet of my bedroom floor, agonizing over which items would make the cut. Should I take that framed picture? What about that sweater? Will I want to read that book while I’m there? What about that necklace? What if it gets stolen, or lost? I pored over the decision, then jumped and stomped and laid on my luggage trying to get its bulging sides to zip closed.
Back then, I was allowed to have two bags, and the weight allowance was fifty pounds per bag. That’s 100 pounds of stuff. Forty-five kilograms of stuff that I was convinced I couldn’t live without for 180 consecutive days.
Stuff I hoped would remind me of home.
It’s embarrassing now, looking back and realizing my own ignorance and wealth in comparison to so many in the world. I met people in South Africa who don’t even have enough cumulative possessions to fill one suitcase, let alone two. And there I was, on numerous occasions over the next decade, emotionally torn over having to bid farewell to certain sentimental belongings.
My insides ached the day I watched two elderly volunteers lock up the back of a local charity truck, the contents of which housed the last of my mother’s earthly possessions. I watched the loaded truck drive away with part of me. So many memories wrapped up in those curtains that traveled with us from house to house; that blue leather couch, all scratched up by the cats’ claws, where I’d doze off during almost every movie that ever played on the huge, box television screen. Belongings that defined home for so many years — a closed chapter, never to be repeated.
But, as they say, you’ll never see a hearse pulling a U-haul, right?
A while back I watched the movie, “Eat, Pray, Love.” Two hours of my life wasted and gone forever.
But there were a few lines worth quoting, one of which I myself have uttered in the past six months..'”
I can totally relate. I get so sentimentally attached, and need to remember what Jesus taught his disciples my kids are upset over a broken toy, a ripped drawing, or a lost book, I try to show my sympathy while still reminding them of the bigger picture. After all, we can’t take it to heaven, can we?
It’s a lesson I’m still cementing in the wet foundation of my faith. The familiar hymn, Rock of Ages, helps: “Nothing in my hands I bring; only to thy cross I cling.”
In his book, In Light of Eternity, Randy Alcorn gives a helpful perspective:
“Christ calls us to turn it around. He says to store up our treasures in heaven, not earth. That way, every day that brings us closer to our death brings us closer to our treasures. Instead of backing away from our treasures, we can spend our lives moving toward our treasures.
He who spends his life moving away from his treasures has reason to despair. He who spends his life moving toward his treasures has reason to rejoice.”
Which one are you? The one moving toward, or away from your treasures?
Particularly in times of preparation for a move or a stint overseas, it’s easy to cling to our treasured possessions here on earth. In times like those, I’ve found this quote by E.M. Bounds to be very thought-provoking:
“Great earthly attachments lessen heavenly attachments. The heart which indulges itself in great earthly loves will have less for heaven. God’s great work and often His most afflictive and chastening work is to unfasten our hearts from earth and fasten them to heaven, to break up and desolate the earthly home that we may seek a home in heaven.”
Before my initial move to South Africa, as I agonized over which items would make the cut and earn space in my suitcase, I was most concerned about things that would remind me of home.
May the Lord change my perspective and help me care most about looking forward to my eternal Home.
Linking up today with Velvet Ashes, a community for women serving overseas. This week’s theme is “Pack.” Read more over here.
Photo Credit: Kristen Taylor, Flickr Creative Commons
Thank you for this challenge! It’s helping me sort through the stuff!
So glad, Kelly! All of the best ..
Oh, this is full of beautiful truth! I’m definitely going to use that line the next time my kids break a toy, etc. Can’t bring it to heaven can we? So glad you linked up with this!
It’s a line I have to use with myself as well! 😉 And I laughed out loud when I read that you packed paper for China. 🙂 I’ve packed many crazy things as well, over the years!
Our Lord wanted me to find your blog today. He’s extravagantly generous and awesomely wise. Thank you for this piece. You are a blessing.
It blesses my heart to hear of that providence, Drusilla! Grace to you.
thank you!
as I sift and sort
I see how wealthy we truly are
and the most important thins I’m taking with me
doesn’t fit in any suitcase or box
doesn’t add to my kilogram allowance
but has eternal weightUp Next / Cancel Replay Play Next CLUB NEWS SHARKS TV | Heino talks Christmas, AKL9s Author sharks.com.au Timestamp Thu 24 Dec 2015, 06:00 PM Share on social media Share via Facebook Share via Twitter Share via Whats-app Share via Reddit Share via Email Sharks forward Chris Heighington spoke with Sharks TV about the upcoming Auckland Nines tournament, and the Christmas break. Watch the interview with Heighington, now playing on Sharks TV.check attach
22 days ago
5
Answer(1)
Purchase the answer to view it
NOT RATED
- 1636188630463_WITHDRAWALOFFORCESBYUNITEDSTATES.docx
other Questions(10)
- 20th Century History question 2 - How can we best understand how the agrarian Vietnamese people could come together during and after global warfare to restore their national identity and raise up leaders to meet their challenges?
- Algebra question #50 to be answer in the attached sample 5 format
- ACC 300 Portfolio Project
- marginal cost functions
- Packet Tracer Assignment
- simple GEOMETRY math questions
- Granger Stokes, managing partner of the venture capital firm of Halston and Stokes
- The annotated bibliography
- DB1
- Nancy CarolDescription
4 BDR, 2 BATH, DETACHED 2 CAR GARAGE ON JUST UNDER 4 ACRES LOOKING OVER THE VILLAGE OF WELLSVILLE, ALSO INCLUDES 1 BDR APARTMENT WITH SCREENED IN SUN PORCH. Great location, 9.5 ft ceilings, 35 x 15 living room with fireplace, foyer with open staircase, great views from the elevated deck and front porch. First floor of this home includes eat-in kitchen with built-ins, formal dining, living room, family room/office, laundry room, mud room, and full bath. Upstairs are 4 large bedrooms, one with library/study attached and some hardwood floors. The apartment can be accessed through the main house but has private, separate entrance and is handicap accessible. The apartment has living room, eat-in kitchen, full bath, bedroom, laundry, air-conditioning, and screened in sun porch. This home needs some cosmetic upgrades but has endless potential. Detached 2 car garage with blacktop driveway and turnaround. Must see to/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/66106776/1193817481.jpg.0.jpg)
The Vegas Golden Knights shocked the NHL world today when they announced the rather abrupt firing of head coach Gerard Gallant:
NEWS— Vegas Golden Knights (@GoldenKnights) January 15, 2020
The Golden Knights have made the following coaching changes:
Gerard Gallant & Mike Kelly have been relieved of their coaching duties
Peter DeBoer has been named head coach
That makes Vegas the seventh team to make a coaching change this season, joining the Toronto Maple Leafs, Calgary Flames, New Jersey Devils, Dallas Stars, San Jose Sharks, and Nashville Predators. It’s also the 14th coaching hire since last off-season. To put things in perspective, Craig Berube of the St. Louis Blues is now the 17th most tenured coach in the NHL.
What’s particularly odd about this decision is that Vegas isn’t exactly struggling. They’re currently tied for both Wild Card spots in terms of points (though have two extra games played) and are only three points back on the Arizona Coyotes for first in the Pacific Division. Vegas General Manager Kelly McCrimmon’s announcement of the coaching change indicates he feels the team is underachieving, but the underlying numbers indicating their problems are mostly goaltending:
Vegas' 5-on-5 rankings:— Adam Gretz (@AGretz) January 15, 2020
Corsi%: 3rd
Expected goals%: 2nd
Scoring Chance%: 2nd
High Danger Scoring Chance%: 2nd
Save percentage: 25th
Regardless, Gallant now finds himself out of a job, though that may not be for long. While head coaches fired mid-season typically aren’t rehired until the following off-season — see Joel Quenneville last year — that hasn’t strictly been the case this season. Gallant’s replacement, Peter DeBoer, was fired by the Sharks only a month ago. Nashville also hired John Hynes about a month after he was fired by New Jersey.
Given his overwhelming success in Vegas — which, again, makes the coaching change a head-scratcher — Gallant could very well find a new NHL team in the coming weeks. Which brings us to the title of today’s article: should the Dallas Stars hire Gerard Gallant as their next head coach?
As we all know by now, the Stars fired former head coach Jim Montgomery roughly a month ago on December 10. Rick Bowness has since taken over the head coaching duties, but only on an “interim” basis. Throw in conspiracy theories that Dallas GM Jim Nill wanted to hired Gallant instead of Ken Hitchcok back in 2017 only to be overruled by ownership, and it’s easy for Stars fans to connect the dots.
First of all, let’s preface this by pointing out that the Stars have been rather successful under Rick Bowness. The team holds a 10-4-1 record since the coaching change, including a six-game winning streak that started with the 2020 NHL Winter Classic. They currently sit in second place in the Western Conference, behind only the St. Louis Blues — the reigning Stanley Cup champions.
Furthermore, the Stars seem to be improving in a few areas, most notably the power play. The Stars are 8-for-17 with the man-advantage in 2020, and have scored power play goals in six consecutive games. Credit should go primarily to new assistant coach Derek Laxdal for that success, but the point is that Dallas has been looking good so far under Bowness.
On the other hand, you don’t have to peek too closely to see some cracks lying underneath. Dallas is criminally underutilizing some of its top offensive forwards like Roope Hintz and Denis Gurianov, while prioritizing playing time for defensive-minded players like Radek Faksa and Blake Comeau. The team has also been bailed out several times by Ben Bishop and Anton Khudobin, the league’s best goaltending duo:
Ben Bishop is now tied for second in NHL SV% at .930. The only goalie with a better save SV% is Anton Khudobin at .932.— Sean Shapiro (@seanshapiro) January 15, 2020
The classic counterargument to that point is that the Stars play very good defense, which minimizes scoring opportunities and makes life easier for the goaltenders. Counter-counter point: the Stars won last night despite getting outshot 43-30, and that wasn’t even the best goaltending performance of the season so far.
Add in Bowness’ less-than-stellar track record as a head coach (though it’s worth noting that the Stars are easily the best team he’s coached), and there’s reason to be concerned about Bowness in the long-term, recent success aside. Contrast him with Gallant, who took an expansion franchise to the Stanley Cup Final in their first season and were arguably robbed of a series win last season, and it’s not hard to draw the conclusion that Gallant would be an upgrade.
But even if Nill reaches the same conclusion, there’s another problem to think about. Bowness is the Stars’ fourth head coach in as many seasons — are they really prepared to hire a fifth? The Stars’ players adjusted rather smoothly to Bowness as he was an assistant coach who’s running a similar system, but Gallant would no doubt come in and completely flip the script.
In fact, trying to avoid that exact scenario is one of the many reasons why Nill decided upon Bowness as his interim head coach instead of one of the other assistants in Dallas:
“Rick has been here for two years, like Todd (Nelson), but John (Stevens)has only been here for a couple months,” Nill added. “That probably went into it more than anything, I think any of those three (could have been the interim coach), but it came down to experience and overall familiarity with the team.”
In addition, with that many coaching changes over a relatively short span, you run the risk of coming across to potential free agents and other employees as a relatively unstable organization — horse-related comments aside. Furthermore, during his press conference announcing Montgomery’s firing, Nill told reporters that the current coaching staff would be in place until the end of the season. Gallant would certainly make him pause, but that doesn’t mean he’ll change his tune.
So where does that leave us? In short, Gerard Gallant has proven to be an excellent head coach, and given his sudden availability, the Stars should absolutely consider hiring him to be their next coach before he’s snatched up by another team. But ultimately, it’s hard to envision this actually happening. Dallas is currently succeeding under Rick Bowness, and while he may not be the best candidate for the job next year, it might be in their best interest to not rock the boat this season.
Of course, that’s just my take. What do you think?40mm spine
A4 extrawide and slip-covers have outer dimensions of 299mm deep x 325mm high x 45mm wide.
ALSO AVAILABLE
Albox archival 300-pack photo albums feature a wide 40mm spine and include 38 pages to hold 304 photos 10x15cm / 6"x4" plus memo tabs.
This binder is also available in a narrower 25mm spine as our Albox archival 25mm binder and slip-cover 44PORT.
Use 3L self-adhesive label holders for quick and easy identification of Albox binders.Catwoman/Wildcat #1.
Written By:Chuck Dixon, Beau Smith
Pencils:Sergio Cariello
Inks:Tom Palmer
Cover By:Brian Stelfreeze, Patrick Martin2020 Global PKI and IoT Trends Study
The report tabulates the responses to the survey and draws conclusions as to how best practices are reflected in observed practices, as well as the influence of cloud computing, the Internet of Things, and other important industry trends. All participants in this research are either involved in the management of their organizations’ enterprise PKI or in developing and/or managing applications that depend upon credentials controlled by their organizations’ PKI.My step mother and i are the same age and she sucks my big cock every day. Suggest new pornstars reconoces a una estrella porno en este pics.
Watch Dirtyflix - Big Titted Teen Makes My Day, free sex photo.
Most beautiful tits ever seen bvr.
Cute babe getting stark naked and admitting a big wiener deep into her hairless vagina. Watch free XXX porn pics in full HD quality. Big titted teen latinas sensual handjob session.
She had no idea about a hidden camera in my glasses and i got to make this great video with some really stunning close-ups. Dirty flix bigtitted teen makes my day. Omg daddy stuffed my little cunt.
Sexy selfies and a big fat cock make bell's day.
Juicy bigtit GF rides a big cock. Fucking glasses - bigtitted teen makes my day.
Kendra and taryn started fooling around and then kendra wanted the light turned off, a source told radaronline.
She has something to showcase, she is not shame to showcase her sexiness by show her arsehole, lust passes in her veined. Big titted teen makes my day - beeg. Watch more blow job dad porn pics.- This topic has 6 replies, 2 voices, and was last updated 12 months ago by .
Viewing 7 posts - 1 through 7 (of 7 total)
Viewing 7 posts - 1 through 7 (of 7 total)
- You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
Home › Forums › All Other Themes › Not Uploading Correctly
Tagged: Demo content, elementor, upload, Uploading
Hey There,
When I go to upload the my SKT Theme and upload the demo content. It comes all messed up and doesn’t look like it should. So then downloaded elementor and still doesn’t work proper.
Hi,
Kindly show us your website URL please?
Regards,
Brad
firebrassandpatio.com/fire
Hi,
Kindly update SKT Herbal Pro theme. You are using the old version.
Regards,
Brad
I re-downloaded the theme from my downloads and put it up. But its doing the same thing. Is the version wrong in the download section?
Hi,
Kindly ask re-access to download the SKT Herbal Pro Version: pro2.0 via support@sktthemes. […]Next: VC Ignore, Previous: VC Change Log, Up: Version Control [Contents][Index]
Revert the work file(s) in the current VC fileset to the last revision
(
vc-revert).
If you want to discard all the changes you have made to the current
VC fileset, type C-x v u (
vc-revert). This shows
you a diff between the work file(s) and the revision from which you
started editing, and asks for confirmation for discarding the changes.
If you agree, the fileset is reverted. If you don’t want C-x v
u to show a diff, set the variable
vc-revert-show-diff to
nil (you can still view the diff directly with C-x v =;
see Old Revisions).
On locking-based version control systems, C-x v u leaves files unlocked; you must lock again to resume editing. You can also use C-x v u to unlock a file if you lock it and then decide not to change it.Toyota showcases new GA-B small car platform
Toyota has introduced a new platform, specifically developed for small cars, termed GA-B. This is a development of the TNGA platform whose various iterations have spawned many of the carmaker's recent offerings like the new Camry, Prius and upcoming Corolla. The GA-B is also a modular architecture that can be adapted to various wheelbase lengths, heights and track widths. It will debut in the next year's new Toyota Yaris.
There's more focus on driving ability. This is by way of a highly rigid underbody and by positioning the driver's seat low and back towards the centre of the car, helping lower the vehicle's centre of gravity. This platform employs a MacPherson strut set-up in the front while the rear can accommodate either a torsion beam or multi-link set-up. Smarter packaging is also at play here to free up more interior space.
The hardpoints of the upper body and the driver's hip-point are set low, so there is more scope to create vehicles that have a low height and wide stance. The wheels have been pushed to the corners of the platform and very short overhangs have been added to heighten the visual appeal. Further standardised components have been used in out of sight areas. This lowers costs and simplifies the designing process but gives each car an individual appeal.
Expect this platform to underpin a range of small hatchbacks and SUVs from the carmaker in the near future.
Starts Rs 9.29 Lakhs
1496cc
Automatic
107
140
17Zurich Travel Guide
Zurich Travel Guide
Set beneath snow-clad peaks on the shores of a glittering lake, Zurich is known for its typical Swiss neatness, scenic beauty and wealth, which resides in areas such Bahnhofstrasse, one of the most beautiful, expensive and exclusive shopping avenues in Europe, and a couple of metres below its streets, where unimaginable treasures lie in underground vaults. Though widely regarded as the world's banking capital, Zurich is also the city that gave birth to the avant-garde Dadaist movement, and where James Joyce wrote Ulysses. Its Museum of Fine Arts houses one of Europe's most extensive collections, which ranges from 15th century religious iconography to the modern art works of Dali, Arp, Hockney, Cezanne, Monet, Gaugin, Munch and Picasso.
Visitors can spend days exploring cobbled streets, wandering through museums, exploring flea markets or walking away with free gifts from chocolate factories. The quays, with their promenades, are made for walking, especially along the shores of the lake. Zurich has an active restaurant and cafe culture that's ideal for people-watching, and a lively, multi-ethnic population to rival any other major European city. The exacting order of the Swiss, with their passion for neatness and precision, may create an impression of a rather prim and staid society, but visitors will discover quite the opposite when exploring Zurich's nightlife. With more bars, clubs and restaurants than you can shake a stick at, the city, but winter is cold, overcast and damp.
What to see in Zurich
-Marvel at modern architecture in the Museum of Design.
-Take in the panoramic views while riding it often serves as the entry point for foreign tourists. From Zurich travellers have easy access to the Swiss Alps, as well as the other major city of Geneva.
Getting there
Flights to Zurich land at Zurich Airport, situated in the Kluton district on the outskirts of Zurich, a short ride to the city centre.
Did you know?
-The St. Peter church in Zurich has the largest clock face in Europe.
-Visitors will have the choice of 1,200 different fountains in the city to take their photograph.
-Albert Einstein attended the University of Zurich, where he later became professor. condensed Unicode to UTF-8 in Java, we use the getBytes() method. The getBytes() method encodes a String into a sequence of bytes and returns a byte array.
Declaration - The getBytes() method is declared as follows.
public byte[] getBytes(String charsetName)
where charsetName is the specific charset by which the String is encoded into an array of bytes.
Let us see a program to convert Unicode to UTF-8 in Java using the getBytes() method.
public class Example { public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception { String str1 = "\u0000"; String str2 = "\uFFFF"; byte[] arr = str1.getBytes("UTF-8"); byte[] brr = str2.getBytes("UTF-8"); System.out.println("UTF-8 for \\u0000"); for(byte a: arr) { System.out.print(a); } System.out.println("\nUTF-8 for \\uffff" ); for(byte b: brr) { System.out.print(b); } } }
UTF-8 for \u0000 0 UTF-8 for \uffff -17-65-65
Let us understand the above program. We have created two Strings.
String str1 = "\u0000"; String str2 = "\uFFFF";
String str1 is assigned \u0000 which is the lowest value in Unicode. String str2 is assigned \uFFFF which is the highest value in Unicode.
To convert them into UTF-8, we use the getBytes(“UTF-8”) method. This gives us an array of bytes as follows −
byte[] arr = str1.getBytes("UTF-8"); byte[] brr = str2.getBytes("UTF-8");
Then to print the byte array, we use an enhanced for loop as follows −
for(byte a: arr) { System.out.print(a); } for(byte b: brr) { System.out.print(b); }How to Register with CalCerts
- Log in to
- Click on the blue “User Self Registration” button.
- Click on the “I am the Contracting Installer” appropriate green button.
- Answer the following questions and fill out the necessary required information.
- CalCerts will either send you a username and password or give you the option to create one.
- Sometimes it can take up to 24 hours for a reply back to you with a username and password.
- Please save your username and password. You will need it each time you log in to CalCerts.: Kasanda, Sonipat, Haryana
Cultural region: Khadar
Materials: Grass (Sarkanda), Wood
Grass craft technique: Weaving
Wood craft technique: Carving, Joinery
Source: DICRC, India and SADACC, UK
The previous residents of this house had left behind a number of furniture items and objects, among which was also this pidda. All their belongings including this pidda were stored in the store room of the house and no longer used. This pidda was brought out only to be documented.Intermittent Fasting Revisited
A long, long time ago, on a webpage far far away, I wrote a couple of articles on intermittent fasting (IF). In the first article I talked about the physiological benefits fasting may have, and in the second article I broke down the different versions of IF and how they could be used to help you lose fat.
(If you haven’t read those, or don’t know much about intermittent fasting, then please go read them now)
At the time I wrote those articles because IF was a topic very near and dear to my heart. If you’re new here, my background is that I was a fat kid growing up, and all the way through college. For most of my life I struggled to lose weight and just couldn’t seem to find a method that worked for me.
Then one morning I stumbled upon this article by my now friend, John Romaniello, about the benefits IF has for fat loss. And I don’t know why, but for some reason something just clicked in my head, and I thought to myself “Hey! This is something I can do, no problem.”
And I did. That article was the start of my fitness journey. I started implementing IF protocols, lost over 80 pounds, increased my strength, developed healthier habits, became a fitness coach, saved a bunch of school kids from a fiery bus crash, and returned the One Ring to Mordor.
Okay, maybe not the bus crash thing…
Anyway, IF was a huge catalyst for me and my fitness. And not just me, but thousands of other people across the interwebz. And while this type of hype and notoriety about things – especially in the fitness industry – means that claims tend to get blown out of proportion, IF still continues to be a very popular method for fat loss.
But does it really provide all the physiological benefits it claims to? We’re going to back up and take a 10,000-foot view on intermittent fasting, what it actually is, and why it still works so well for fat loss.
Intermittent Fasting Claims
IF claims to have a whole host of benefits, including:
Increased insulin sensitivity[1][2]
Increased growth hormone production, which leads to more fat loss and muscle gain[3][4][5][6]
Higher rate of fat oxidation[7][8][9]
Improved cellular repair[10][11]
Improved cardiovascular function and heart health[12][13]
Preventing certain diseases, including cancer, Alzheimer’s, and Parkinson’s[14][15][16][17][18][19]
Increasing life span[20][21]
Now, on the surface, all that shit sounds pretty awesome, right? But is it really that awesome?
The “Problems” With Fasting Studies
As you’ll notice, I included links to studies that back up some of the claims about intermittent fasting. So there is a decent amount of evidence that IF can provide you with some or all of the benefits above.
But all these claims need to be taken with a grain of salt.
The biggest problem with data surrounding intermittent fasting is a majority of the studies have been done on animals; specifically rats or mice. And while animal studies are a good precursor for human testing, they are not great for predicting exactly what will happen when a human tries something.
Not only that, but getting humans subjects into research trials on IF is also difficult, because who the hell wants to go starve themselves without being well compensated.
Self-reported studies are also inconclusive because the people reporting are not always honest or accurate.
The other, and possibly bigger issue with IF studies is that they don’t often compare apples to apples, so to speak.
IF is typically associated with a negative energy balance diet. So not only are you fasting, but you’re also taking in fewer calories than you burn. The problem is that the diets they are often being compared to are not non-fasting, negative energy balance diets; but rather, non-fasting, positive energy balance diets; or diets where the subjects are eating more calories than they burn.
Where issues arise is that negative energy diets – fasting or no fasting – have shown to improve not only fat burning, but overall health markers as well; whereas positive energy balance diets (also known as hyper-energetic diets) have shown to increase fat storage and decrease overall health markers while increasing risk for diseases.
So it may not be the fasting at all that provides the health benefits, but rather the negative energy balance and decreases in body fat.
The Real Benefits of IF
Whether IF provides any of the physiological benefits above is actually irrelevant. If it does, great. Then when you fast, you’re getting those benefits.
But if it doesn’t, it doesn’t matter. Because you can still use IF to lose fat and improve your overall health, and get most, if not all of those benefits anyway.
Here’s how…
Decreased meal frequency = decreased calories
In its simplest form, IF is just another method of caloric restriction. By reducing the amount of time in the day you spend eating, you naturally reduce the amount of calories you’re eating as well.
In fact, if you’re following a strict IF protocol, you can lose a good amount of fat without ever counting calories; provided you don’t eat like an idiot during your feeding window.
Whether you’re doing a 24-hour fast, once or twice per week; or following a daily 16/8, Leangains-like protocol, simply reducing your meal frequency can help decrease your overall calorie intake.
Decreased meal frequency = increased meal size
Because you’re eating less often, the meals you do eat during your feeding window can be larger. This is beneficial for fat loss because a) you have the illusion that you’re actually eating more food, and not “dieting”, and b) the larger meals will help keep you fuller, longer, leading to less hunger.
Note that this is really only applicable to daily fasting. If you’re only fasting once or twice a week, you should keep all your meals the same size as you would if you weren’t fasting.
Lifestyle flexibility
One of the best things about IF is that it can be fit into nearly any lifestyle or schedule. If you’re not a morning person or hate making breakfast, that fasting upon waking would probably work best for you.
If you work later in the day, or don’t get home until late, then fasting before you go to bed may work better.
Or, if you’re just super busy during the day, and find it easy to keep yourself occupied and your mind off food, an all-day fast may be suitable.
It allows you to lose fat without a meticulously detailed approach
If you want to lose fat, but hate counting calories or macros, then IF would probably be the best way to go. As long as you eat sensibly, following the 80/20 rule – where 80% of your food comes from whole, minimally processed sources, and the rest from whatever you enjoy, – and you don’t stuff yourself, IF can work great.
It’s simple and easy to follow
After a few days, your body adjusts quite nicely to fasting. Once that happens, it becomes very easy to implement and stick with. And when something is easy to stick with, it makes it much more likely you’re going to stay compliant, and therefore, see results. Like with anything, consistency is key.
Intermittent fasting is not for everyone. But the only way to know that for sure is to give it a try for yourself.
It’s also not a magic pill. If you want to lose fat, you still need to be in a caloric deficit. But IF does make it easier and simpler to put yourself into that deficit, eat in a way that fits your lifestyle, and get the results you want.
Want to know how intermittent fasting can be fit into your busy lifestyle for maximum fat loss? Grab my brand new Quick ‘n’ Dirty Fat Loss guide. It’s free so, you really have no excuse…Longmeadow, Cambridge, CB25.
Jacqui Matthews is a photography company offering a range of photography services. Based in Longmeadow, Lode, Jacqui Matthews is a photographer.
Jacqui Matthews are listed in the photographers section here:
Tell Cambridge about your experience of Jacqui Matthews...
There are no reviews for this listing yet. Why not be the first person to write a review?
Jacqui Matthews is in Longmeadow Lode. You can view a list of neighbouring businesses by going to the Longmeadow page.
If you would like a list of other photographers - general listings throughout Cambridge, please visit the Photographers section of this website.
More places in or near Greenside...
Map showing business location in Longmeadow, on the North East outskirts of Cambridge
Note: the pin is positioned at the postcode centre, and may not correspond with the precise location of 90 Longmeadow, Lode.Bilingual Trade Analyst (French and English)
Job Location:
Mississauga, ON, Canada
Industry: Building Material
Permanent - Full Time
Salary Range:
$50,000 - $68,000 + bonus
About the job
Our client in Mississauga is looking for a new Bilingual Trade Analyst to add to their amazing team!
As a Bilingual Trade Analyst, you will:
- Analyze, and report on Canadian economic indicators and industry trends for marketing, sales, and planning purposes
- Create, develop and maintain a market research portfolio for all existing projects
- Research and analyze strategic competitors
- Create and update project lists on a quarterly basis from the databases currently available at the company
- Maintain a high data quality level through constant monitoring, data updates and training of new team members
- Plan, manage, and control the Market Research budget
- Create and use BI/BW queries to support the team with investigation of customer complaints and perform root cause analysis
- Make recommendations to Trade Managers based on research findings
Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance, or a Computer related field of study
Patience and attention to details
Strong organizational skills and process orientation
Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and deliver under pressure
Proficiency with MS Office
Highly developed expertise in Excel Macros and pivot tables
SAP experience
Ability to travel when necessary within Canada and in the US
Fluency in English & French
Benefits
Extended Health insurance including medical, dental and vision benefits
3 weeks paid vacation
RRSP matching program
Tuition reimbursement.THE DIVISIVE POLITICS OF SLAVERY By: Natalie and Meagan
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES: • August 8, 1846 – David Wilmot • Amendment to a military appropriations bill proposing “neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall ever exist” in any territory the U.S. may acquire as a result of war with Mexico • Wilmot Proviso: meant California, as well as territories of Utah and New Mexico, would be closed to slavery forever
THE WILMOT PROVISO: • Divided Congress along regional lines • North: mad at South for not supporting internal improvements; they supported the Proviso • Feared adding a slave territory would give slave states more members in Congress and deny opportunities to free laborers • South: rejected – said there were complex Const. issues • Slaves were property, which was protected by the Const. • Felt it would shift power to North permanently • The House of Representatives approved however the Senate did not
ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS PREDICTION The North will be for Wilmot Proviso, the South will be against it, and it will eventually lead to a war.
STATEHOOD FOR CALIFORNIA: • Able to skip the territorial phase of becoming a state • 1849 -- Const. convention, adopted state Const., elected governor and legislature, applied to join the Union • Forbade slavery, however southerners were still hoping the MO Compromise line would apply • South saw no slavery as an attack • Questioned if they should stay in Union?
THE SENATE DEBATES: • December 1849 – 31st Congress opened • Top of agenda: California as a state? • Second: border dispute in which slave state Texas, claimed the eastern half of New Mexico Territory where the issue of slavery wasn’t yet decided • North was demanding abolition of slavery in D.C. • South accused North of not following the Fugitive Slave Act of 1793 • South threatened secession
CLAY’S COMPROMISE: • January 21, 1850 – Clay visited rival Daniel Webster • Made a series of resolutions later called Compromise of 1850 • Hoped to settle slave controversy Clay felt the only choice was to accept the Compromise and if it wasn’t the only choice left was disunion which would surely lead to war.
TERMS OF THE COMPROMISE: • To appease the North and South: • California added as a free state (North) • New and more effective fugitive slave law (South) • Some applied to all people: • Popular sovereignty: right of residence in an area to vote for or against slavery • Pay Texas $10 million to surrender land in New Mexico
CALHOUN AND WEBSTER RESPOND: • Clay’s speech marked start of great political debate • Clay presented South’s case for slavery in 1 month • Daniel Webster spoke next • urged North to stricter fugitive slave law • South to think more cautiously about danger of secession
WEBSTER’S RESPONSE TO THE COMPROMISE Daniel Webster wasn’t afraid to voice his opinion on the idea of the south’s idea of secession. He felt that secession would only lead to war.
THE COMPROMISE IS ADOPTED: • Senate rejected compromise in July • Discouraged Clay left Washington and Stephen A. Douglas continued the work • compromise into individual laws so Congress could vote on each • Taylor died leaving Millard Fillmore as president • Supported the compromise • South was willing to negotiate (best choice available) • Viewed as “first settlement” between slavery and sectional differences
WORKS CITED: • Kash. “The Missouri Compromise of 1850.” Mr. Kash’s History Page. Web. 17 Oct. 2011. <>. • U.S. Coin Values. “The 1850s: Coin Availability Improves as Nation Drifts Toward Civel War.” Rare Coin Values and Proven Trends: Smart Strategy for Buying Collectible Coins. U.S. Coin Values. Web. 17 Oct, 2011. <http://>. • “US History 1 throught he Civil War Class 11.” Paul Roebuck: Archaeology, Geography, Ethiscs Hitory, Social Theory. U.S. History. Web. 18 Oct. 2011. <>. • Wikipedia. “Stephen A. Douglas.” Wikipedia the Free Encyclopedia. Wikipedia, 26 Sept. 2011. Web. 18 Oct. 2011. < Stephen_A._Douglas>. • Keller, Bob. “Bob’s Rock Shop:Rock and Fossil Stamps of the United States.” Bob’s Rock Shop: The First ‘Zine for Mineral Collectors and Rockhounds. Rock and Fossil Stamps of the United States. Web. 18 Oct. 2011. <http://>. • Reed, Dale. “Causes of the Civil War- Popular Sovereignty and Westward Expansion- YouTube.” YouTube- Broadcast Yourself. American Civil War Volume 1. Web. 18 Oct. 2011. <>. • Holt McDougal The Americans. Holt McDougal the Americans. U.S.A.: Y Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2012. Print. 978-0-547-49115-8. • Primary SourcesDates and Events Subject to Change! Check with each organization to confirm that the event will go on as scheduled and monitor your Instant RePlay email newsletters for updates.
November 16-19: IAAPA Expo 2021, Orange County Convention Center, Orlando, FL;.
March 15-17, 2022: Amusement Expo International, Las Vegas Convention Center, South Hall, Las Vegas; education program is March 15; tradeshow is March 16-17;.
May 10-12, 2022: 2022 Asia Amusement & Attractions Expo (AAA); China Import and Export Fair Complex, Guangzhou, China;.
Submit events for inclusion by emailing [email protected]."A single take capturing the most natural moments before I sit down to write at the piano. Everything you hear is made up on the spot. Imperfections are to be noticed, but that is what makes this recording that much more real. " -Suave
Recorded live at Gwynne Sound
Filmed by Simion Collins (Riversky Films)Despite the fact that we've been paying for it for years now, we still don't feel quite like an Insider, dammit. Reading Bruce Feldman's blog is nice compensation, though; it's one of two reasons the whole painless addition to the credit card debt each month is worth it, along with the podcasts Ivan Maisel and others have been doing lately.
Feldman wrote yesterday about the grumbles Al Groh keeps earning with his handling of players, scholarships, and inability to communicate much besides grr...err...need grey sweatshirt worked for Bill Parcells.... And in response, Groh can cite the following:
--Has beat in-state rival Virginia Tech once in his six years at UVA, and lost last year's game 52-14.
--Watched staff flee in numbers over the past two years.
--Has the charisma and pr skills of that sketchy ATM machine in the back of the 7-11. Unlike Groh, the ATM wishes you a good day.
Have a nice day, my ass.
--Mr. NFL did have seven players drafted in 2005, though the highest draftee went in the fourth round (Alvin Pearman, Jacksonville,) with the others coming in second day action in late rounds. (HEY! Don't forget D'Brickashaw at #4 in '06, one of five drafted, though the remainder all came in the fifth and sixth round!--ed. courtesy of readers.) He can advertise with some verisimilitude that his recruits stand a decent chance of getting drafted. On the second day. Maybe. Unless they're a total freak with a epochal name like D'Brickashaw. ***Or Heath Miller. Any other UVA first-rounders lurking out there?
--A declining return on his recruiting skills, with his top class of 2002 standing in dramatic relief against the following years, including this year's disappointing class and "alarm" at top recruits leaving the state--for example, UF's own Percy Harvin, poached from under Groh's nose by loving text-messaging from Urban Meyer. (Apparently, Harvin enjoys being stalked.) Groh, tone-deaf to PR as always, had this response:
"Sometimes it's a little challenging to understand what was on the minds of some of the players," Groh said.
The headline on the article trumps the quote: "STATE RECRUITING PERPLEXES GROH." Reading this you imagine Groh stuck like a Sim trapped in a corner of his house, waving frantically at the camera as he pees the floor, waves the flies gathering around him away from his house, and implores you to move the couch blocking his way before he dies of starvation.
Someone please move that couch before it kills him.
--Groh has also embraced the kind of nepotism reserved for coaches who've won national championships. His replacement for departing offensive coordinator Ron Prince: come on down, son! In all fairness, Groh was the quarterbacks coach when Matt Schaub completed passes at a Steve Youngish rate back in '02, and did a nice job developing Marques Hagans. Still, as a coach already struggling to keep recruits in state, beat your rival, and not suffer the periodic losses to supposed gimmes on the schedule, bringing your son on to commandeer an offense that mysteriously disappears on occasion (as in losing to UNC 7-5 last year)...it could just give a disenchanted fanbase another way to justify your professional obituary at UVA.
(Note: EDSBS hero/icon/worship object/angry vengeful God Steve Spurrier had his son on staff; so does Joe Paterno, and most rancorously, so does Bobby Bowden. See how well that's going? )
Speaking of UVA, please read Ian's latest piece on...something or other. As in life, reading Sexy Results is more about the process and less about the results, as sexy as they might be. Somewhere just down the page Ian wrote one of the best sentences we've ever read; the last bit refers to Jenn Sterger, FSU's idea of a pinup girl.
On the other hand, I'm thinking that Myron Rolle's decision to choose FSU prompted the most hilarious letter of intent signing since Stephon Marbury committed to "Georgia Tech University," the greatest player in Seminole hoops history might be Bobby Sura and they continually get overrated in terms of student body attractiveness on the account of someone who looks like what would happen if Wilson's Leather Store starting making floatation devices.
Below this is this picture:
You are a very dumb wasp. Here's your target orchid.
Jenn Sterger and women like her are nothing new in terms of evolutionary biology: Chiloglottis trapeziformis, a type of orchid, produces a pheromone that fools male wasps into mating with it, thus pollinating the flower and leaving the wasp satisfied, dumb, smoking a cigarette underneath an eave somewhere thinking it's just knocked up a hot young waspette and thus spread its genetic legacy successfully. Which it hasn't. Which is exactly how a guy who just crawled off that sun-destroyed, silicone-wracked bag of mascara-covered leather must feel after pumping valuble cash and genetic material into an evening with her. Fraud comes in a thousand forms, and you're looking at three of them right there.Check out what’s gonna be up for bid at our Spring 2018 Fundraiser:
LIVE AUCTION ITEMS
- This Is Us! Need some bragging rights at work or with your friends? Well here it is! Enjoy a curated date night with the nicest guy, the warmest TV-husband, and the coolest dude on NBC’s hit drama “This is Us,” Chris Sullivan, along with Third Rail’s own top-notch talent and tonight’s emcee, Isaac Lamb. Your evening on the town will include a meal and good times!
Value: priceless
- Cocktail Party! Did someone say PARTY? Oh yes, gather up your favorite peeps (12 total max) for a cocktail party at the famous MAC club – as in Mary Anne Cassin, Third Rail board member and cocktail maven. Mary Anne will work with you to create a signature cocktail, crafted just to your tastes. Weather permitting, the party will be hosted in Mary Anne and Ken’s beautiful SW Portland garden and will feature yummy taste treats and spectacular views. Do it just because, or for a special occasion. Mary Anne will work with you to find a date that works for you and your guests, and you won’t have any clean-up either!!
Value: $400
- Create Your Own Heirloom Jewels! Have fun with 5 friends while you create your own beaded jewelry to keep for yourself or give away as gifts. The class will be taught by a talented and experienced teacher, and includes all needed supplies, examples you can look at for inspiration, wine and cheese! What a fun way to spend an afternoon with your BFFs. The class will happen at a studio in Multnomah Village, so no need to even clean your house. You will each walk away with a necklace, bracelet and earrings!
Value: $300
MINIMUM: $100
- One Fine Evening! Treat yourself and someone you would like to impress with an evening on the town, courtesy of Third Rail Theatre! Pick any show in the 2018/19 season and you’ll be provided with two great seats. Start your evening at Besaw’s, a Portland institution with great food and walking distance from CoHo Theatre. After the show, walk across the street to savor wine and cheese while you talk over the nuances of the play at Muse Wine Bar. The basket includes tickets to the play, a $100 certificate to Besaw’s, and a $25 certificate for Muse Wine Bar.
Value: $200
- Whiskey / Whiskey / Whiskey! For the whiskey lover in the room… get a taste of these special bottles of fine whiskey. The selection includes the best of Irish, American and Scotch versions of “the water of life.” Perhaps a perfect Father’s Day gift or a surprise for the whiskey connoisseur in your life. The basket includes one bottle each of Kilbeggan, Tin Cup and Laphraoig, along with special whiskey glasses and a set of chilling stones.
Value: $150
- Third Rail Season and VIP Dinner! Across time. Across distance. Across barriers. Third Rail’s 2018-2019 Season explores profound connection in three vivid love stories. Experience Third Rail’s brand of excellence in storytelling. Sweetening this deal is a dinner with Managing Artistic Director Maureen Porter at Portland’s renowned Nostrana. Get an insider’s view on the season to come and then enjoy each of the plays with a flexible subscription that suits your needs. Great for the newcomer or theatre buff, Third Rail season tickets provide a grand opportunity for seeing some of the best live theatre in Portland. Two tickets will be available for each of the plays of the season, all to be performed at CoHo Theatre in NW Portland
Value: $375
MINIMUM: $175
- Warm It Up! Before there was Pendleton, there was the Hudson Bay Company. The original design for this iconic green solid wool blanket dates back to the 18th Green was preferred by the Kwakiuti and Nookka First Nationals of the Pacific North West. This wonderful blanket will warm your heart as well as any room you put it in.
Value: $450
- PADDLE RAISE!
SILENT AUCTION ITEMS
- Green Thumb Available! You’re a garden lover you say? Take advantage of the know-how, special tips and creative juices of this highly trained and certified Master Gardener. Sheila Martin will meet you at your home to help you in whatever way you need. She’s ready to plan, plant, prune or just weed for three hours. Get your own hands dirty or leave the work to her! She’s friendly, helpful and will leave you feeling like you can get to the garden of your dreams.
Value: $150
MINIMUM: $60
- Own a Beautiful Piece of History! JoAnn Gilles is a local artist who has been painting and exhibiting professionally in Portland since 1983 with representation locally by Mark Woolley, Heidi McBride &The Attic Gallery. She has also shown in other US venues. “Looking East” was part of a series of four paintings depicting the beauty of Oregon, created for Oregon State University’s Art About Agriculture Invitational Exhibition in 2015. The school purchased one of the four to add to their permanent collection. They own two other Gilles works. The painting is 24” x 24”, mixed media on canvas in a custom-built frame.
Value: $950
MINIMUM $500
- More Beer Please! If tonight’s beer whets your whistle, you’ll want more of it! And that’s exactly what you’ll get in this fabulous swag basket provided courtesy of Lagunitas Brewery. The basket includes one case of Lagunitas beer, two pint glasses, one tee shirt, one pair of sunglasses, a bottle opener and a koozie. Get on your Lagunitas!
Value: $40
- Blooming Roses All Year Long!Whether you put this gorgeous hand-crafted quilt on your bed, across your sofa, or hang it on the wall, you will create a new centerpiece for any room. Quilted by hand by Bernadette McCullen-Carrick from the Third Rail Power Grid, this 4’ x 5’ quilt is made entirely from soft cotton. Can you even imagine how many hours she put into this labor of love??
Value: $120
MINIMUM: $75
- Explore Your Hidden Artist! Accomplished artist and teacher, Michele Currie, will lead a still life painting class for up 8 people. Each participant will walk away with a small canvas of their own creation. It will be hosted at an art studio in NE Portland and all materials are included. Enjoy wine and cheese and toast to creativity. Low stress and maximum fun! Class is approximately 3 hours long and scheduled on a mutually agreeable date, either days or evenings.
Value: $tbd
MINIMUM: $100
- Wildfang! Just in time for Revolt! Get your badass woman on! This package includes three Wild Feminist T-shirts, 2 accessories, and a $50 gift card.
Value: $220
MINIMUM: $50
To sign up to receive our emails, fill in the following fields and hit submit. Thanks, and welcome!×Take a Hike! As part of National Trails Day in Kentucky
/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gray/XOO27GE7AZFDBEVJSBUKWJ7CAA.jpg)
KENTUCKY (KFVS) - Get outside and go for a walk on June 4 as part of the National Trails Day celebration.
Kentucky State Parks are inviting visitors to talk a walk on one of their trails.
And as part of the National Trails Day, June 4 and 5 is the free fishing weekend in the Commonwealth.
Kentucky Fish and Wildlife will offer free fishing weekend June 4-5, when no license is required to fish Kentucky waters. Kentucky State Parks have outstanding fishing opportunities and some parks will loan out fishing poles and tackle. Anyone 16 years old and older is required to have a fishing license the remainder of the year.
The American Hiking Society launched National Trails Day in 1993 to help promote exercise, trail development and the outdoors. It has grown to more than 2,300 events around the country.
The following state parks have events planned for National Trails Day and free fishing weekend:
Buckhorn Lake State Resort Park, Buckhorn
Hook and Hike Day, June 4
Buckhorn Lake State Park will offer several activities in honor of National Trails Day and free fishing weekend. Planned activities include a Kids Fishing Derby for kids ages 15 and under, a session on orienteering and a hike of the 1 1/2 mile gradually sloping Moonshine Holler Trail. Call 606-398-7510 for details.
Columbus-Belmont State Park, Columbus
History Hike on June 4
Columbus-Belmont State Park will offer a History Hike around the grounds, nature trail and historic Civil War earthworks. Maps and a bottle of water will be provided at the snack bar. A scavenger hunt list will be issued with museum admission and a prize given upon completion. Call 270-677-2327.
John James Audubon State Park, Henderson
Volunteer Work Day, June 4
Volunteers are needed to work on the trails at John James Audubon State Park as part of National Trails Day. Work starts at 8:30 a.m. to noon. Lunch will be provided. The event is co-sponsored by the Audubon Outdoor Club. This is a great opportunity for church groups, scouts and others to help get the trails in tip-top condition. Volunteers should wear appropriate clothing and closed-toe shoes for the weather. Groups and individuals interested in volunteering should contact Mark Kellen at 270-826-2247 or mark.kellen@ky.gov
Pennyrile Forest State Resort Park, Dawson Springs
Guided Hike, June 4
Pennyrile Forest State Resort Park will offer a guided hike along Lake Trail beginning at 9 a.m. Participants will meet the park naturalist in the Lodge Lobby to hike for approximately 2 hours. Guests should bring insect repellent, hiking stick (optional), water and snacks. The hike is not recommended for children under the age of five. Call 800-325-1711.
Pine Mountain State Resort Park, Pineville
Guided Hike, June 4
Pine Mountain State Resort Park will offer a guided hike along the Hemlock Garden Trail at 4 p.m. on June 4. The hike is through a cool, hemlock cove forest along Bear Wallow Stream. For ages 5 and older. Meet at the Hemlock Garden Trailhead. Call 606-337-3066.
Wickliffe Mounds State Historic Site, Wickliffe
Hike Historic Grounds, June 4
Wickliffe Mounds State Historic Site will offer a nature trail hike. A trail map and bird checklist will be available at the front desk. Trail access is included in museum admission of $5 adults, $4 kids and seniors and military/veterans. Trail use only is free during hours of operation. For more information, call the park at 270-335-3681 or email carla.hildebrand@ky.gov
For more information about Kentucky State Parks, visit For more information about National Trails Day, including special events at other Kentucky locations, visit. For more information on free fishing weekend in Kentucky visit.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | AndroidNovember 26, 1932 – December 11, 2020
It is with great sadness that we announce that Lynn passed away suddenly at home on Dec 11, 2020.
She had just celebrated her 88th birthday two weeks prior and was feeling positive about the coming of 2021, and happy to put a very tough 2020 behind her. Sadly, it was not to be.
Lynn worked briefly for Imperial Oil before getting married to Gord and starting a family. She loved reading, horses, archaeology, anthropology, and ancient Egypt. She always wanted to go to Egypt but knew the hot sun and lack of shade would be her Waterloo.
She was known for her great home-cooked family meals however she happily ‘retired’ from cooking in this past year as she was “not cooking for one”.
She loved her small dogs and cats and spoiled each one with love and treats over her lifetime.
Lynn is survived by her two sons and their families. Arne (Dean) and Amy and their daughter Mariah of Fort McMurray, AB. Kris and Cecile and their daughter Kelsey and son Kevin of Edmonton, AB.
Sadly, Lynn’s husband of almost 60 years, Gord, passed away in February 2020.
Due to COVID-19, a service with close family will be held at her place of rest, Holy Cross Mausoleum, next summer. In lieu of flowers, please consider a donation to the Alzheimer Society.Obituary
- Search
- Good News
- Cannabis
- Submit News Tip
- News
- COVID-19
- Sports
- Travel
- Trending Now
- Newsletters
- Autos
- Classifieds
- Jobs
- Business
- Entertainment
- Photo Galleries
- Life
- Community
- Opinion
- Video
- Weather
- Obituaries
- Marketplace
- Contests积家手表售后服务以飞翼沙漏象征的劳力士手表也自我介绍为：“优雅是劳力士的根本价值。阻力并确保佩戴舒适性这款手表的钟声不受周围环境的干扰，因此它具有所有钟声中最纯净的音质，关键是碳纤维手表非常轻便且佩戴舒适！我期待Xiaoxun Y1成为儿童手表的好品牌和基准。积家手表售后服务
来源：宝齐莱售后
The black rubber strap is covered with a Cordur nylon effect, decorated with white stitching, and a micro-sprayed titanium buckle. It complements the deep case. There is no doubt that this is a very special Zenith chronograph. The story behind it is worthy of careful consideration. The price is RMB 65,000.In order for everyone to understand the series more intuitively, we he specially selected 3 pieces that represent the series to tell you about them.This is really confusing.
参考文献：格拉苏蒂手表维修服务
积家手表售后服务他们现在已经到达日内瓦，然后将前往迪拜为全世界的钟表爱好者提供探索和赞赏。原因很简单。就像去宜家一样，我们会看到1元的冰淇淋。这种冰淇淋不是用来赚钱，而是用来吸引更多的顾客。销售劳力士的二级手表经销商也是如此，因为劳力士是最能吸引新客户的产品。如果二级手表商人手中没有这些流行的手表，那么许多手表朋友会认为这是缺乏力量的体现。因此，即使投资回报率极低，二级手表经销商仍必须出售。积家手表售后服务展览在德国格拉苏蒂钟表博物馆正式开幕。积家手表售后服务
来源：积家手表保修
Shanghai Omega Battery-Omega Repair Service-Omega Counter Analog Quartz Watch: The energy for quartz watches comes from the silver oxide button battery. After the silver oxide button battery provides a specific voltage to the integrated circuit, serious damage to the glass will cause the watch to be damaged. Not sealed, thereby affecting the waterproof function.The record-breaking 'Dragon and Phoenix' carved gold tourbillon, using classic 3/4 plywood and single gooseneck fine-tuning Beihai series, known for its exquisiteness, smoothness and elegance, Su embroidered watches are loved and praised by many watch lovers Both the watch and the sought-after watch are modern expressions of the oriental culture of Beijing watches, opening up an infinite source of inspiration for the future.You can consider your budget during this period.
标签：£275.00
PAIGE applies fabric technology, expert fit know-how and a Los Angeles style sensibility to create unique jeans. This season, we curated a selection of PAIGE styles that work best with REISS looks. PAIGE's '90s inspired sleek wide-leg jeans have a high-rise and a slimmer fit down to the leg opening. This classic blue jean has the details of a vintage pair, including mixed metal hardware, marbling around the waistband, old-school belt loops and a torn coin pocket. It's cut from our PAIGE's ultra-stretch denim with a look of authentic vintage denim. * Front rise: 10 1/2" * Inseam: 34 1/2" * Leg opening: 22" * Five-pocket styling * High-rise * Relaxed fit * Flare-silhouette * PAIGE branding * Zip flyThe Deputy Commissary's Guide Within the Province of Maryland...
Copy of the First American Treatise on Wills that Belonged to an Important Early Illinois Statesman Vallette, Elie. [Sparrow, Thomas (1746?-1780?), Engraver]. The Deputy Commissary's Guide Within the Province of Maryland, Together with Plain and Sufficient Directions for Testators to Form, and Executors to Form Their Wills and Testaments, For Administrators to Compleat Their Administrations, And for Every Person Any Way Concerned in Deceased Person's Estates, To Proceed Therein with Safety to Themselves and Others. Annapolis: Printed by Ann Catherine Green and Son, 1774. [ii], iv, 248, [12] pp. Copperplate title page and table of descents. Octavo (7-3/4" x 5"). Contemporary sheep, re-backed in calf, retaining original lettering piece, endpapers renewed. Light rubbing to boards, corners bumped and lightly worn. Moderate toning to text, somewhat darker in places, occasional dampstaining, mostly to margins. Early owner signature of Ninian Edwards to front endleaf and margin of p.50, interior otherwise clean. $1,500. * The first original American legal guide, it is also the first American book on the law of wills. Dedicated to Maryland Governor Robert Eden, it was printed by Dutch immigrant Ann Catherine Hoof Green, wife of Jonas Green, who inherited his bankruptcy debt along with his shop, and she succeeded as public printer of Maryland from 1767 to 1775. The engraved title page, the only one issued from a colonial Maryland press, and the plate is considered to be the finest work of Thomas Sparrow, the only engraver south of the Mason-Dixon Line prior to 1775. Vallette was registrar of the Prerogative Office of Maryland Province. Originally from Maryland, Edwards [1775-1833] was an important early Illinois statesman and political leader. He was the only governor of the Illinois Territory from 1809 to 1818, one of the first two United States Senators from Illinois from 1818 to 1824 and the third Governor of that state from 1826 to 1830. Wroth, Maryland Imprints 338. Wroth, The Colonial Printer in America 290. Cohen, Bibliography of Early American Law 4632.
Price: $1,500.00
Book number 62326Summer Storms can be bring Big Damages
9/24/2021 (Permalink)
Summer weather can bring summer storms that can have a huge impact on your home or business in the Merrimack Valley. Whether it is heavy rain or damaging winds it can cause serious property damage. While you can't control the weather, you can take steps to prepare your home in Andover or North Andover.
To help prevent costly damages due to weather, consider taking the following precautions before weather hits.
- Check your property for downed tree limbs and other problems that could cause serious injuries.
- Roofs, water pipes and gutters should all be inspected to ensure they are in proper order. Gutter downspouts should be directed away from your home to try and keep water out of the basement. Clear gutters of debris that may have gathered. Leaves and other obstructions can lead to a damming effect, causing roof damage and interior water problems.
- Inspect property, especially walkways and parking lots, for proper drainage to alleviate flood hazard
- Inspect all hand rails, stairwells and entryways to address and correct potential slippery or hazardous areas. Install mats or non-slip surfaces and post caution signs where water could be present.
- Stay safe if you get caught in the storm, make sure you are safe. If needed, pull over and ride out the storm.
- Keep SERVPRO of The Andover's phone number handy just in case the outside damage comes in.
When storm damage affects your home, call SERVPRO of The Andovers right away at 978-475-1199.