Paper Presented to the Torch Club of Reading, PA, Crowne Plaza Hotel, Wyomissing, PA, October 17, 2013
Advertisements
Understanding and Applying Psychology in Everyday Life
Home » About Dr. Patterson » Publications, Presentations, & Media Interviews » Some Common Biases and Errors in Perception and Judgment and How We Can Guard Against Them42 Diamond Street , Unit A, Arcadia, CA 91006 (MLS # AR18259572)
Beautiful newer town-home designed by Robert Tong, situated on a premier Arcadia Street is not to be missed. This gorgeous town-home consists of 3 Bedrooms and 3 bathrooms on just about 1500 square feet of livable space plus a 2 car attached garage. Convenient location walking distance to all shops and restaurants and nearby schools. Kitchen boasts beautiful granite and stainless steel appliances adjacent to the spacious dining room area. Beautiful travertine floors in the living Room, dining room area as well as the kitchen with downstairs bathroom. All 3 bedrooms are upstairs including the spacious Master Suite with separate tub and shower. There are 2 additional bedrooms that also have their own en-suite bathrooms. Don't miss this opportunity to live in a newer home in a beautiful area walking distance to Santa Anita County Park. Part of the highly sought after ArcadiaV/A- I'd Buy That For A Dollar 7". Sexy and stylish new compilation from UFO DICTATOR! The ambiguously recondite recording unit know as BLACK ORPHAN start things off. Many will know them from their newer singles on UFO Dictator and HoZac this summer, and may or may not include members of The Spits. Hmm. Music-wise, they sound like a 1982 cable access version of Robinson Crusoe On Mars horrifically tape-traded in Betamax, amongst collectors, with decayed fidelity. Their track ‘Parasitic Mind’ oozes with earie, outsider minimalism. Black Dogs, Wavves, Oh Sees fans will dig. Up next are THE MENTHOLS, a tasty little garage band from the midwest. Live they never cease to ransack the bar and slobber all over your girlfriend with their pummeling bad vibes and greasy intentions. They definately hit the mark on ‘R is for Russia’. On the flip, the LEGENDARY WINGS give us ‘20,000,000 Miles to Earth’. I think this is the debut appearance of the LEGENDARY WINGS. Good grittilly recorded garage with heavy poppy overtones. Fans of the Bad Sports, Nobunny and the Wax Museums will dig. And rounding out the B side are Spains LOS STEAKS. You might know them from their debut single on Milk N Chocolate. Their mid-fi, low-brow nugget hits hard chanelling the raw unbridled rasp of the Black Lips. A rockin, raunchy closer to this diamond in the rough. LIMITED TO 300 HAND NUMBERED COPIES ON BLACK WAX!So what is happening to us all? What is driving this hyper-indulgence in change as a constant force that permeates all that we do, say and claim to be. Are we less human than we were before, or are we finally reaching for the ” Image of God” potential that we grew up believing we were created for, and entitled to achieve? Technology and our own hedonism are to blame; or to credit for this radical leap forward in every aspect of our human experiences. Apparently we are compelled forward by rapid and constant change and it’s sidekick, technological advancement; believing this to be synonymous with an evolutionary process that has as it’s end game the immortality we crave. But I suspect that we are being blinded by our own movement, and in reality we are actually devolving away from the very immortality we seek. You know that immortality that never evolves or changes, that exists beyond time, space, technology, or our own inertia. The immortality that asserts that we consider a different path; that is ………”Be still, and know that I am God”
Recent Posts
Recent Comments
Archives
Categories
Meta
Advertisements
Pingback: Be Still | The Edge of Everything ~ Thomas M. Deliganis
Reblogged this on The Edge of Everything ~ Thomas M. Deliganis.image source: listovative
Dream Big or Dream Small but Dream…..I am the girl who believes in dream. I’m single but dreaming for my dream boy & dream date. I guess my dream date would be a candlelight dinner followed by drinks at #Cruise in the middle of the sea. After dinner, looking up at the stars over the deck, my date holding me then kissing each other on the deck. This will be my perfect dream date. What will be yours ?
AdvertisementsI am attorney Kenneth G. Miller. I grew up in Lafayette, the second oldest of eight children. I worked a paper route at 13 years and continued working in retail, construction and service industry jobs to pay tuition at ULL and as a petroleum landman to pay for a law degree from Loyola Law in New Orleans. I served in the Army Reserves as a combat engineer from 1971 to 1977.
I graduated law school in 1977 and joined my fathers law practice in Lafayette where I focused on mineral law representing landowners and geologists. After the downturn of the oil and gas industry in 1986, I began my own law practice focused on personal injury law. Since then, many people in Lafayette, Louisiana, have relied upon me to handle their personal injury and medical malpractice cases.
Do not hesitate to contact a lawyer if you are injured. Schedule a free initial consultation with me by calling my office at 337-289-1300 or 800-521-3849.London Labour’s regional organisers joined in Parliament together to celebrate the successes of the 2014 Elections and discuss the campaign priorities for the future. Labour gained just over 200 additional Councillors in London gaining control of David Cameron’s ‘favourite council’ of Hammersmith & Fulham and four other London Boroughs – making gains from the Tories and Lib Dems. We also doubled our MEPs from 2 – 4 in London. I congratulated the team on their success and spoke about how we can keep up the momentum ahead of next year’s General Election.
 that is written at a time when i was more optimistic about the governing role that the 'Corporation' and BOD could play in evolt. needless to say, most of that has changed. it was a good start and still has some good ideas and wording in it and changing a couple key words could provide another base to start with. anyways, thats it. it would be nice to re-work it to make it a more community, less 'corporate', based document. rudy, yes our application was submitted to Wisconsin. that was based on a different set of bylaws than what we're shooting for now though i think.. .djc.What Is Land Tax?
What is land tax? Land tax is a tax you pay based on the value of your land in a given state.
Land tax is a tax that you pay based on the value of your land in any given state. Hey, I’m Ryan from onproperty.com.au and in this episode, I’m going to be talking about what is land tax and how does it affect you as an investor? Land tax is something that you need to be aware of as you accumulate more and more properties. Because it can become quite expensive if you don’t prepare yourself for it properly.
So land tax, as I mentioned before, it’s a tax that you pay based on the value of your land in any given state. Land tax is a tax that’s generally a percentage of the value of land that you own that you need to pay every single year. It’s charged in all states, except Northern Territory, and each state assesses land tax based on the value of land that you own within that state. So we’re going to go through and explain land tax in a bit more detail. We’re going to talk about some of the exemptions, how it’s going to affect you as an investor, some ways that you can avoid it and then future potential changes to the land tax that are out there.
The first thing that you need to be aware of when it comes to land tax is that there’s thresholds that you need to hit in any given state before you start getting charged land tax. Now, every state assesses and charges land tax differently. So, for example, in New South Wales, the threshold at the moment as I record this is $482,000. In Queensland, it’s $600,000. In South Australia, it’s $323,001 is how much the threshold is. So, each state varies in terms of its threshold, so you need to research each state individually or talk to your accountant about this stuff.
So what happens is basically, you don’t pay land tax until the value of your land reaches that threshold. And once the value of your land reaches that threshold, you are then charged land tax. It’s important to know that land tax isn’t the value of your property as a whole. It’s the value of the land that you own. So, for example, if you are a part of a unit complex, then you will only own a percentage of that land. So, only a percentage of the land’s value will count and the value of the unit itself won’t count. If you own a house, it’s only the land they’re looking at, it’s not the land plus the dwelling that’s on the land, so that’s very important.
When it comes to assessing land value, it’s done by the government or by parties that the government hire to do it. So, for example, in Queensland, the assessment is done by the Department of Natural Resources and Mines. Basically, from what I can gather, the government does the assessments or pay someone to do the assessments for them. They then tell you how much your land is worth and your land tax calculations are done on top of that. There are ways that you can dispute it and try and get it changed if you need to. So, the assessment, it’s not based on what you purchase your property for, what the real estate agent says it’s worth, but it’s what the government says the land is worth – that’s a very important thing to note.
Also, there are a lot of different exceptions as well to paying land tax. For example, in most – if not all – cases, your principal place of residence is exempt from the land tax payment and from the threshold, so it doesn’t add to the value of the land that accumulates towards paying land taxes. There’s a whole bunch of different other exemptions based on the type of land – whether it’s commercial or personal, etcetera, etcetera. So, you need to consult each individual state on what those exemptions are and whether you fit into them. So, for example, there’s different thresholds if you’re a personal investor versus if it’s for commercial use and stuff like that. And there’s exemptions for things like caravan parks and all of that sort of stuff.
Let’s quickly have a look at the thresholds and the charges and how land tax might affect you as an investor. And so, I did some research and looked at just a couple of different states to give you guys an idea. So in New South Wales, the threshold was $482,000 and once you’ve reached that threshold, you have to pay… Okay, before I say this, basically, in New South Wales, they assess the value of your land – the amount of land that you hold on the 31st of December at midnight each in every year. And so, they assess it at that date, at that time and that’s how they calculate how much land you own and the value. So $100 once you reach the threshold, plus 1.6% of every dollar up until $2.947 million.
And then after you go over $2.947 million, you’re paying $39,540 and then 2% for every dollar over that. So, land tax can be quite a significant amount. So you can see that’s 1.6% for everything between $482,000 and $2.947 million. 1.6% can be quite a lot if you have to pay that every single year. And then, everything over that, you’re looking at 2%.
In Queensland, you’ve got a threshold of $600,000. In which case, you pay $500 plus 1% up to $1 million. From $1 million plus, you pay $4,500 plus 1.65% up to $3 million and it goes on from there. So, you can see that, again, it’s quite similar, around the 1.6% mark or a bit less in Queensland. South Australia was even moreso than that. They have I think a lot of different thresholds.
It was like 0.5% up until $593,000. Then it went to 1.65% then it went to 3.7% for everything over $1,078,000. So, for every dollar of land value that you own over $1.078 million, you’re paying 3.7% of that every single year. Now, consider you’re getting a 3.7% rental yield, that basically takes that away. And so, land tax can be quite significant. It’s quite a lot of money. And so, it can quite significantly affect your cash flow if you’re not careful.
And so, it’s very important to know at this point that as I discuss each state assesses land differently. But that means that properties that you own in other states aren’t added to the land tax of a different state. And so, to avoid land tax, what a lot of people do is they spread their purchases out across different states. So they might purchase some in New South Wales, some in Victoria, some in Queensland, etcetera. So they’re not accumulating all of their land value within one state.
This allows you to grow your investment portfolio more and avoid land tax for longer by spreading across different states. So that’s something that people do to avoid land tax. Also, investing in units is something people can do to avoid land tax because you own a smaller percentage of the land. There’s less value towards land tax. If you own a house on a parcel of land, 100% of that is going to go to land tax unless you have exemptions. If you own a unit, then you only actually own a percentage of the land that unit’s on. And so, only a percentage of the value of that land goes towards your land tax value.
So if people invest in units, there’s also people avoid land tax by purchasing properties using different entities. So purchasing in different names, purchasing in trust and things like that. I haven’t looked in to that in great detail. So if that’s something that you’re interested in, then I would definitely suggest talk to an accountant, talking to a solicitor and things like that about setting up these entities and stuff like that. But from what I’ve seen, setting up trust funds and things like that, they cost money each year to run and to make sure that everything is going fine. And so, if you’re using that just to avoid land tax, the risk-reward might not be there. But, obviously, there’s other benefits to investing using trust and stuff like that as well. They’re the 3 ways that I know of that people avoid land tax.
There has been some talk about future potential changes to land tax and basically having a general land tax that people pay as a way to remove stamp duty from the purchasing process. So stamp duty is a fee that you pay when you purchase property. Obviously, it’s quite a great deal of money. It hinders the purchase and sale of property because people have to pay stamp duty, which is quite expensive.
It’s an irregular source income from the government because they don’t know how many properties are going to be sold that year and how much stamp duty they’ll get. And so, if they can change that to just charging everyone land tax and they will then have a more consistent income. So there are talks of potentially changing land tax. Maybe making it a national thing. Maybe just adjusting it per state. Maybe charging people who own their own home as well – their principal place of residence. Charging land tax on that so that they can get rid of stamp duty. So there are some discussions that are going on. Things that may be happening in the future in regard to land tax, but I don’t know exactly what the figures will be and stuff like that.
So I hope that this has helped explain to you what exactly is land tax. So it’s a tax that you pay as a percentage of the value of the land that you own in any given state. For example, we looked at New South Wales. Once you reach the threshold of $482,000, it was $100 plus 1.6% of every dollar of land that you own per year up to $2.947 million and then it changes to 2% after that. So it’s based on how much land you own. It’s a percentage of the value.
Something that is charged to you each and every year and something that you need to be aware of as an investor because if you start hitting this threshold, then you need to take into account that each year, I’m going to have to be paying X% of the value of my land towards tax and that can really affect your return on investment. It can really affect your cash flow. And so, you may want to consider some of the ways to avoid land tax legally, of course, by potentially purchasing in different states, using different entities or purchasing units as well.
I hope that this has been helpful. I’m Ryan from onproperty.com.au. If you want help finding properties all over Australia that have good rental yields, positive cash flow properties, with a high percentage that they’ll be positive cash flow anyway, head over to onproperty.com.au/membership and you can see my service over there where I go out, I find high rental yield properties and I share them with my members. So if that’s something that you’re looking for, if that’s something that you’re interested in, go to onproperty.com.au/membership and sign up today. Otherwise, I wish you the absolute best in your property investment journey. And until next time, stay positive.Agege one of the densely populated areas in Lagos and home to many tribes in Nigeria and beyond is presently loosing it’s peaceful nature just as the Obaship tussle is fast tearing the fabric of the Awori settlement over the Olu of Agege stool. According to the Yoruba age long traditions and customs, it’s the duty and prerogatives of the Afobajes (King Makers) to conduct and select a new king after the demise of the incumbent from recognized ruling houses. But this sacred custom of the Yorubas seem not to have been obeyed in the selection of a new Olu of Agege, the Otapo ruling house who was allegedly the rightful ruling house to produce the new king claimed that government through its agents imposed Isiba ruling house and made one of them the Olu of Agege.
Ever since then, litigations has been the order of the day as the Otapo ruling house has dragged the matter to the Lagos State High Court and praying that the court to uphold their request. However there is imminent danger if the Lagos State government and the Nigeria Police do not stop the plan and preparation of the proposed 2014 Agege Day celebrations being put together by the contentious Oba on the throne. The reason is that both supporters of the two ruling houses may likely cause breach of peace during the celebrations because the Otapo ruling house are of the view that since the matter is in the court, the controversial King whose stool is still contentious has no legal right to organize the celebration.
The aggrieved Otapo family are said to have appealed to the Lagos State government and corporate organisations and well meaning individuals and especially sons and daughters of Agege to shun the said Agege Day which is scheduled to take place between 7th -13th of September. From our findings the factional Oba seems not to be well appreciated by the people of Agege because they believed he was imposed on them by the powers that be, thus they vowed to disrupt the Agege Day event should the factional Oba did not yield to good counsel. It would be recalled that there have been controversies over the stool since 2011 when the commissioner for local government and chieftaincy affairs in Lagos, honourable Ademorin Kuye issued a letter dated 19th August 2011 to Chief Oyedeji Isiba as the new Olu of Agege. It was alleged that the government agents did not follow the advise of the king makers made up of the Balogun of Agege (Chief Akamo), Ekerin of Agege (Aileru) and Asiwaju of Agege (Adebari) who have nominated Prince Nurudeen Adepoju Otapo to the government as their new Oba. In a letter made available to News of the People, both the kingsmen and the chairman of the Agege local government had submitted the name of Nurudeen Otapo to the ministry for the Olu of Agege stool. Along the line, the name was said to have been substituted and the battle was shifted to the Lagos High Court.
On the allegation of conspiracy, it was alleged that one Olumide Ipaye who owns Unique hotel in Agege who was recently conferred with a controversial title of Oganla of Agege is believed by the Agege people to be the elder brother of the Attorney General and commissioner of Justice, Lagos State, Ade Ipaye (SAN).
Lanre Adisa
6 Comments
I am a bonafide son of Agege. I was born here, have my primary education in Mongoro and secondary at Iloro. It is a clear fact in Yoruba land that the obaship is always selected by the kingmakers, this also happened same way for the recent emir of Kano. It is not also a story but fact that Prince Nurudeen Otapo is still and the unanimously selected Oba elect of Agege. Current Agege LG chairman and Lagos ministry of chieftancy affairs cannot claim ignorance of this unanimously elected Oba; so they must crown the Oba elect all Agege people have selected. The stranger that claimed to be the Oba cannot boast of knowing Agege not to talk of being accepted by Good Agege people. If chaos is caused by the people as claimed, People in Alausa should be held responsible. Otapo is our King.
Isiba himself knows the throne does not belong to him, that is why he is not free with Agege indigen. He ll be thrown out soon, God’s willing. A stranger can never rule us, never.
We the entire hausa comminity, are in full sopport of mr nura otapo as oba of agege. We knew who is otapo family. But why always politians use some peolpe for personal interest? How can you bring mr unknown from no where? To be a oba of agege? This was not happend in history of obaship of agege. We want peace to rain that’s why the matter is in the court. We hope the court will do all justice to bring back the obaship to the right person.
How did the government get involved in selecting a King? Isn’t that the job of the Kingmakers? Typical Nigerian Government bureaucracy. Hopefully the court will undo the blunder of the corrupt officials and give the throne to the rightful owner.
Nurudeen Otapo is our king, everybody knows that.
we the entire youths in Agege implore the Government
in place and it’s agencies concerned to correct the abnomalities for peace to reign in Agege…Egbe ADE fun ALADE… NURUDEEN OTAPO ni oba tiwa o…Eko oni baje o,
Agege naa o ni daru o. Amin.
Omowa ni ejeoseo o…Who the cap fit…let him wear it…34606 sex classifieds I Ready Sex Dating
Look Sexual Partners
Skip to Job PostingsSearch Close. Upload your resume Sign in. Full-time Part-time Temporary 8 Commission 3 Contract 2. Upload your resume - Let employers find you.
Housekeeping Attendant 34606 sex classifieds Hill Hotel 8 reviews. We offer clean guest rooms, friendly staff, excellent customer service.! Job requirements, classifeds, lifting, cleaning skills, able to take direction, no pet How do you feel about the future of Spring Hill Hotel?Blind Dates With Horny Women
How are the working hours? Responds quickly to guest requests in a friendly manner. Housekeeper - 1st Shift Meridian Senior Living reviews.
What is the work environment and culture like at Meridian Senior Living? Meridian Senior Living - Brooksville, Florida.
Housekeeper Healthcare Services Group 1, reviews. Provides equal employment opportunities EEO to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, What is the 34606 sex classifieds environment and culture like at Healthcare Services Group?Murnau Am Staffelsee Adult Chat Line
Love the look and smell of clean, be detail oriented, preferably with facility cleaning experience Use for to create your resume on Indeed and apply to jobs quicker. You consent to receiving marketing messages from Indeed and may opt from receiving such messages by classifiedz the 34606 sex classifieds link in our messages, or as detailed in our terms. Follows specific procedure to perform terminal cleaning of patient rooms and prepares rooms for new patients.
The primary 34606 sex classifieds of your job position is to perform a variety of tasks usually requiring cleaning, trash removal, laundry, etc, to residents and staff in the How do you feel about going to work each day?
How did you feel 34606 sex classifieds Hot horny Khajipeta people you worked at Solaris HealthCare P Housekeeper - Solaris Healthcare - Hudson, Florida. Follow proper techniques when mixing chemicals, disinfectants, and solutions used for cleaning. wex
What tips or advice would you give to someone interviewing at The Reside HCA Inc - 6 days ago - save job - more What questions did they ask 34606 sex classifieds your interview? What is the sick leave policy like? How many sick days do you get per year?
Salaries in Spring Hill, FL: Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me. Every day, thousands of employers search Indeed. Indeed helps people get jobs: Over 34606 sex classifieds million stories shared.
For jobs in Germany, visit Indeed Germany. Job title, keywords, or company.
City, state, or zip code.Large Format Document Scanning Services
Large Format Document Scanning Services in San Francisco Bay Area Arrangements, Building Arrangements, Rises Inside Outlines, Mechanical Cross-Segments, Railways, Procedure Stream Graphs, Seismic Information Funneling Drawings, Well Area Drawings PCBs and Circuit Board Plans, Electronic Outlines, Daily papers, Maps and so on
eRecordsUSA work most recent arrangement archive examining frameworks to deliver amazing pictures of arrangements and reports. Report can be checked in Bi-tonal (B&W), Dark Scale, or Full Shading and the yield can be either in TIFF, JPEG or PDF, as asked.
Every arrangement or drawing is referenced with proper data, for example, drawing number and correction; venture number and name; improvement application number. For any associations utilizing Archive Administration Frameworks , the metadata can be given in any configuration mapped to your info fields. Pictures and metadata can be provide on a DVD, Album, Convenient Hard Commute, or conveyed by means of Secure FTP Association.
Are you are in need of Document Scanning Services or Large Format Document Scanning Services and if you would like to receive a free price quote for your project? Mail info@eRecordsUsa.com orOur care managers have personal experience helping senior parents and can empathize with your situation. .
Our nutritional needs change as we age. Joynus Care can work with seniors and their representatives to coordinate healthy and delicious meals..
We can help schedule routine pick-ups and drop-offs for medical appointments, entertainment, senior centers, local parks, etc..
We focus on two factors, independence and dignity. We develop customized care plans that meet the needs of your loved ones..
We are social animals. Happiness is real when it is shared. Our caregivers can help plan social outings, provide friendship, and help our clients stay active physically and mentally..
As we age, our ability to do daily tasks decline. Joynus Care provides 2-3 rotating caregivers to care for seniors' needs at all hours..
Clear communication is key in bridging cultural gaps. Joynus Care provides interpretation and translation services that are fast and flexible..
Coming to a clean home feels refreshing and welcoming. Let us help you stay tidy and organized..Russia's Nuclear Fuel Cycle (Updated May 2018) A significant increase in uranium mine production is planned. There is increasing international involvement inGet Price
Microchip Fabrication 5th Ed. by Peter Van Zant Copy Free ebook download as PDF File (.pdf), Text File (.txt) or read book online for free.Get Price
2018 7 17ensp;0183;ensp;RESOURCES FOR STUDENTS amp; TEACHERS 'DEADLY' EEI IDEAS Ideas for Year 11 and 12 Chemistry Extended Experimental Investigations . From Dr Richard Walding, PhD, FAIPGet Price
In NASA speak ECLSS Environmental Control And Life Support System.The part of your spacecraft or space station that makes a livable environment so the astronauts don't all die horribly in ninety seconds flat.Get Price
Phone : 0086 13953560679
WhatsApp : 0086 13953560679About Eastbourne Care Home
Situated in Darlington, Eastbourne Care Home is a two storey building and offers care for the elderly offering a wide range of care, those being:
- Residential and Dementia care.
- Nursing General Care.
- We also have a contract with Darlington CCG offering RIACT beds which are Residential Rehabilitation beds for the local community offering a maximum of 6 week rehabilitation programme.
The RIACT beds are located on the ground floor and has the benefit of a physiotherapist room and also a café areas. The care is spread over 2 floors and has 41 single bedrooms en-suite facilities consisting of a sink and toilet.
Each floor has lounges and dining rooms, with the dining room located on the ground floor having access to an enclosed garden..
We understand the importance of independence and encourage our residents to participate in the many and varied activities which take place at Eastbourne where possible. These events range from gentle exercise, bingo, cards, cinema nights, carpet bowls, art classes, music, along with celebrations for our residents and their families.
Eastbourne Care Home
5-7 Cobden Street,
Darlington,
DL1 4SF
Tel: 01325 384646
Manager: Shirley Delap
Shirley has worked in the care sector for most of her career and started as a care assistant, gaining experience of caring for the elderly throughout those years. Shirley has gained knowledge and has gone on to achieve her NVQ in Health and Social Care and also her NVQ level 5 in leadership management. Shirley firmly believes in person centered care and the happiness of her residents and she does this by striving for a happy environment for residents and their families.
Shirley and her team strive to provide the highest standard of care to ensure her residents meet all their aspirations of their lives, in a relaxed friendly homely atmosphere where residents and staff and families can call home.Showing 17–32 of 54 results
Category: Magazine
- sale
SKA Home Bible Study for Kids – My Father Loves Me
R302.00Add to cart
- sale
SKA Home Bible Study-Fruit of the Spirit In You
R302.00Add to cart
- sale
SKA Home Bible Study-Heart of A Superkid
R302.00Add to cart
- sale
SKA Home Bible Study-The Sweet Life
R302.00Add to cart
SKA Praise and Worship Volumes 1-4 Music- DVDR171.00 Add to cart
The Mission-DVDR110.00 Add to cart
Faith Adventures of Wichita Slim – 3DVDR201.00 Add to cart
Superkids Power Pack – 4DVDR231.00 Add to cart
Who is This King-CDR100.00 Add to cart
Home For Christmas – CDR80.00 Add to cart
We are Superkids-CDR80.00 Add to cart
Christmas Everyday – CDR80.00 Add to cart
Overcoming Stress, Anxiety and Depression LLKR211.00 Add to cart
How to Get Your Prayers Answ KitR231.00 Add to cart
Building Relationships That Last Lifeline KitR231.00 Add to cart
Complete Financial Breakthrough LifeLine KitR231.00 Add to cartVerona Square Fire Pit
Verona Fire Pit shown in Granite City Blend with Bluestone coping
Verona Fire Pit shown in Granite City Blend.
Warm up any night with a Verona Firepit • Includes wall blocks and steel insert • Coping sold separately • Inside Dimension: 27”, Outside Dimension: 49”, Height: 16”Art, Landscape, Marine, Oil painting, Plein Air
I’ve been very busy this summer. Currently I’m spending a month in Seattle, Washington. One of the wonderful things I’ve done while here is to paint with many Washington based artists. However, keeping you up to date is a problem because I can’t access the internet. I’ve taken some time out to visit a library so I can at least give you a look at one painting I painted at the Fisherman’s Terminal in Seattle, Washington. I have my brother and sister in law to thank for bringing me out to Washington for this great opportunity. I will be back home at the end of the month. Here’s hoping you can last that long between updates!Clicking document-installed font from font list gives error to "activate font" and doesn't change font.
InDesign 14.0 on Windows 10 x64
I just upgraded to InDesign 14.0, and there appears to be a bug when clicking a document-installed font from the font list. The font list gives an error message to "Click 'Activate' button to activate fonts" and the text frame keeps the existing font, instead of changing to the new font.
Expected result:
The expected result would be the same behavior as InDesign 13.1, where you could click a document-installed font from the font list, and the text frame would update to the newly selected font.
Actual result:
In InDesign 14.0, clicking a document-installed font from the font list gives an error message to "Click 'Activate' button to activate fonts" and the text frame font stays the same.
Steps to reproduce:
1. Create a new document in InDesign.
2. Create a new text frame with the word "Test." Save and then close.
3. In the same location as your new document, create a "Document fonts" folder. Copy an OTF or TTF font file into this folder. In my case, I copied "Sacremento-Regular.ttf" into this folder.
4. Reopen the new InDesign document you saved in step 2.
5. Select the text in the text frame. Note the current font (most likely Minion Pro).
6. From the type list, select the document-installed font you copied into the "Document fonts" folder.
7. Note the "Click 'Activate' button to activate fonts" error message, and that the font for the text frame has remained the same.
Jon Christopher Fitzgerald commented
ridiculous - it's a permissions issue, it's always going to be a permissions issue. adobe is attempting to monopolize fonts. we already bought these fonts years ago, you can't deny what we already own.
I'm having issues since I updated to Windows 10. A font purchased is not working in InDesign anymore and yet the font works elsewhere on all other non-Adobe products.
I am having the same issue. I'm trying to change a font to one that I have manually activated in Font Explorer Pro, but InDesign is still telling me to click the "activate" button, which I can not find.
Sam Cantrell commented
Hi Ravi,
Regarding the pre-release build, is there any way to install without admin privileges? Our IT department doesn't give us admin privileges on these machines.
Also, would it install side-by-side with our current copy of InDesign 14.0, so we can run the stable version if the pre-release version crashes?
Thank you.
Phantom Steve commented
A workaround would be to create a Paragraph Style.
But it's not good as it is - a real puzzle.We are pleased to introduce Chandu.
While Chandu’s father was dying from Tuberculosis, Chandu’s mother had to work. So five-year-old Chandu took care of his father.
Once his father passed away, Chandu was locked in the home, alone, while his mother worked her nine-hour shifts. But then she, too, passed away.
Now six, Chandu has been brought to one of our loving children’s homes in India. He is learning what it means to have the freedom to come and go from outside, to be able to get an education, and to have a family. Even more importantly, he is being introduced to a heavenly Father who loves him and will not leave him.
Please pray for Chandu as he makes so many adjustments, that God would heal his wounds and give him peace.
Believing in miracles,
April Jurgensen
Founder/Executive Director
The Boaz Project, Inc.Stuttgart, Germany
Saturday 30th to Sunday 31st of March 2019 (2 days)
Collegiate Shag Workshop with Rūta Raginytė and Arnas Razgūnas (LT) and Swing Party with Carolina Reapers Swing Arnas Razgūnas is a gentleman and passionate professional in everything he does. A dedicated swing dancer...!
Hamburg, Germany
Friday 16th to Sunday 18th of August 2019 (3 days)
❤️ ❤️ A cozy Collegiate Shag Workshop Weekend in the beautiful city of Hamburg...:
"
- the non-profit educational institutions, museums, libraries, archives, or public broadcasters, for non-commercial. ": ’s consideration."
The Notice of Inquiry is available here. Written comments must reach the USCO by no later 10 August 2015Basement Carpet Ideas
Madhura Pandit
Mar 12, 2019
Tap to Read ➤
Carpets are still popularly used as basement flooring options. Here is some more information on the types of carpets that can be used in the basement.
Do you wish to remodel your basement into a useful place for recreational activity? Of course, the huge area space of a basement can be utilized for myriad activities. It can be used by children for playing, as an indoor entertainment room, etc.
You can use carpets for your basement flooring. Carpets add beauty and elegance to the room instantly. They are also available in myriad shapes, colors, patterns, material, etc., and hence, you have endless options to choose from.
Best Basement Carpet
If you are looking for the best basement carpets, you can go for Saxony and level loop pile. These carpets are meant for areas that are frequently walked on, i.e., high traffic areas and are also sturdier than their counterparts. These are also durable and are available in a variety of colors and patterns.
Carpet tiles is another option that can be used for decorating the basement. There are several advantages associated with carpet tiles, they are easy to install and replace. Secondly, you can be creative and mix and match colorful carpet tiles to create an abstract design.
Some More Carpet Ideas & Options
One of the most important things to consider is that, more often than not, basements are damp. Even if your basement is usually dry, you need to be careful as in worst cases, water can seep in the basement
Usually, carpets are usually considered as the last option for basement flooring, after wood and vinyl flooring. Therefore, it is essential to look for waterproof carpets or those that can be dried soon. Plastic coated carpets are one such example of carpets that can be used in the basement. These are also available in several colors and patterns.
Secondly, rather than going for wall-to-wall carpets, you can simply use area rugs in the area that you will be using more in your basement.
Area rugs can be folded when not in use. You can paint the rest of the basement or simply tile it. You can use fresh colors like green and yellow to make the basement appear brighter. Darker colors like coffee, chocolate, navy blue, etc., are safer options.
You also need to be aware of the using and cleaning processes of carpets. You need to be careful and dry the carpet regularly to prevent mold and mildew from growing on it.
There are cleaning products and solutions available in the market or those that can be directly obtained from the manufacturers to clean the carpet if infected with fungus. Secondly, you can also dry the carpet like the area rug in open air under bright sunlight to prevent it from soiling. You can also use basement carpet pads to cover uneven floors.
Carpets add warmth and grace to your basement. It should also be noted that carpets are quite expensive compared to other flooring options.
A perfectly colored and patterned carpet can definitely make your basement look attractive so that you can use it for your next indoor party or convert it into a home theater. Good luck!
Write for us
DecorDezine
Become a Contributor
Become a ContributorSports Performance
Arrowhead Now Offering Performance Training
Train with Us at Our Arrowhead Facility >Read Entire Article
MLS Players Advance to Fourth Round of US Cup
Congrats to some of our very own players >Read Entire Article
The Center Sponsors Four Cactus Shadows High School Athletes for GRAD NITE LIVE
Center for Athletic Performance & Physical Therapy Celebrates Four Cactus Shadows High School Athletes >Read Entire Article
Baseball Camp
Join us this summer at our baseball camp and learn from some of the very best experts on techniques and strength conditioning. >Read Entire Article
Get in Shape for Summer!
As summer approaches, it is time to get your body ready for swim suit season! >Read Entire Article
Early Sport Specialization
There is a growing trend in youth sports toward sport specialization that seems like it is here to stay. More kids are now focusing all their energy on one sport. >Read Entire Article
Speed or Acceleration??
As an athletic performance specialist I am frequently asked “can you make me faster?” >Read Entire Article
Ski Season Conditioning
For those of you who are planning a trip to the slopes it is important to get your body into shape for the occasion. Mindy Fisk-Nikoomanesh, PTA >Read Entire Article
3D Training
What is 3D training you may be asking?? >Read Entire ArticleA Wife that is russian in Life: Endless Love – Fun
Plenty of foreigners are going to Russia looking for females who they are able to marry. It’s important of these foreigners for more information on Russian ladies before they could marry them. Russian spouses are notable for their endless wish to have intimacy and thus every guy should really be good during intercourse. Below we’ve made a few of the factual statements about Russian wives and their wish to have closeness. Check out you will understand more about Russian women and their sex life at them and.
Russian Wife – Relationship
One specific thing that seems to bother many men who are searching for Russian women is exactly exactly what really they’re during sex. By typing merely “Russian wife during sex and relationship’ in Bing, you’re getting over 50 million written subjects. Continue Reading- Gladstone
- Boyne Island
- Moura
- Biloela
- Miriam Vale
- Seventeen Seventy
- Agnes Waters
- Tannum Sands
- News
- Sport
- Lifestyle
- Community
- What's on
- Jobs
- Motoring
- Obituaries
- Real Estate
- Classifieds
- APN Network
Horses Tributes flow after the death of trainer trainer Kelso Wood, aged 72
Horses Waller previously won the Ipswich Cup with Danchai in 2015.Deb Smith
- 28 years as a Program Coordinator at South Portland Parks and Recreation
- 9 years as the Operations Manager of the Community Center
- MRPA Board of Directors 9 years
- *Spring Conference Co-Chair
- *Newsletter Editor
- 2009 MRPA William V Haskell Distinguished Professional Award Winner
- MAHPERD
- *Recreation representative on the Board of Directors
- *Newsletter Editor
- *Conference Planner
- Currently the Administrative Assistant for the Athletic Director at South Portland High School
- Other interests:
- Creator/owner of Not Too Late Basketball for Women ages 50+
- Maine Sr. Games Board of Directors
- National Sr. Games Board of Directors
Maine Recreation & Park Association
P.O. Box 6728
Scarborough, ME 04070
Tel. 207-272-4290Turn key business with real estate! Complete car wash business in great commercial location with easy access and visibility to North Avenue. Building includes drive-through wash with all equipment, multiple vacuums, heated concrete entry and exits to and from the wash, great signage. Additional spaces include office, reception area, equipment room and storage. Possibilities to expand into vacant/unused area along east side of the property, or to reinvent the use of the property altogether. Numerous additional functions of the car wash are ready to implement equipment, software and controls included for these functions. Contact listing agent for details.Disintegration of the Sultanate Period:
The Sultanate period covering a period of about 320 years between 1206 to 1526 A.D. had five ruling dynasties, each with an average period of about 64 years.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
These dynasties were: Slave Dynasty (1206 to 1290), Khalji Dynasty (1290-1320), Tughlaq Dynasty (1320-1414), Sayyid Dynasty (1415-1451) and the Lodi Dynasty (1451-1526).
The disintegration of the Sultanate had begun during the Tughlaq period. The first to break from Delhi were the Deccan States in the South, Bengal in the east and Sind and Multan in the north-west.
Thereafter, the governors of Gujarat, Malwa and Jaunpur in eastern Uttar Pradesh also declared themselves independent. Various states in Rajasthan also asserted their independence.
Important independent powers were as under:
Bengal, Assam and Orissa, Gujarat, Malwa and Mewar, Sharqis of Jaunpur and Kashmir. In South India, Vijayanagara, Bahamni and Khandesh were the important powers.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Bengal:
The first Muslim invader to conquer Bengal was Ikhtiyar-ud-Din Muhammad Bin Bakhtiyar, a military commander of Muhammad Ghori. In 1204, he conquered Nadia, one of the capitals of Lakshman Sena of Bengal. During Balban’s reign, Bengal broke away from the Delhi Sultanate and declared its independence. Firoz Tughlaq made two attempts to capture Bengal but failed. Bengal enjoyed freedom for about two hundred years. Several Hindu and Muslim dynasties alternatively ruled over Bengal during this period.
Sher Shah Suri annexed Bengal in his empire in 1541. The Sultans of Bengal adorned their two capitals of Pandua and Gaur with magnificent buildings. The rule of Sultan Ala-ud-Din Hussain (1493-1519) witnessed a peaceful period. The Sultan followed a liberal religious policy.
He is said to have shown great respect to the famous saint Chaitanya. His Prime Minister was a Hindu. The chief physician, the chief of the bodyguard and the master of the mint and Sultan’s private secretary were also Hindus. Bengali literature flourished under his patronage.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Gujarat:
On account of the richness of its soil, excellence of handicrafts and its flourishing seaports, Gujarat was considered one of the richest provinces of India. Its wealth tempted Mahmud Ghazni to plunder its important places and temples. He, therefore, invaded Gujarat and plundered Somnath. In 1297, during the reign of Ala-ud-Din Khalji, it was annexed to the Sultanate of Delhi. It became one of the provinces of the kingdom of Delhi and was ruled by Muslim Governors. In 1401, Zafar Khan, the governor of the province declared himself independent.
There was a bitter rivalry between the kingdoms of Gujarat and Malwa, which weakened the two kingdoms. After Zafar Khan, the next ruler was Ahmad Shah (1411-1422) who is considered to be the real founder of this kingdom. He fought several wars against Malwa, Khandesh and the Bahamni Kingdoms. He raised beautiful buildings and shifted his capital to the new city of Ahmedabad.
The most famous ruler of Gujarat was Mahmud Begarha who ruled for about 52 years from 1459-1511—a rare feat – (Ashoka about 40 years, Akbar 50 years and Aurangzeb 49 years). He fought many battles and supported the Bahamni Kingdom against Malwa. He fought against the Portuguese with the support of Egyptian fleet but could not check their influence on the sea and finally compromised with them.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Mahmud raised Gujarat to the status of one of the powerful states of northern India.
Gujarat made great progress under Mahmud in the field of literature and fine arts.
Mahmud, however, was not liberal in his religious outlook and he sacked Dwarka and destroyed several temples there.
Another capable ruler of Gujarat was Bahadur Shah. He conquered Malwa in 1531 and plundered Chittor, the capital of Mewar. However, he was defeated by Humayuan. Gujarat was finally conquered by the Mughal ruler Akbar in 1572 A.D.
Malwa:
Malwa occupied a very strategic position from geographical as well as political point of view. Its territory included on the north-west of the Deccan plateau, between the river Narbada and Tapti. It commanded the road trunk route between Gujarat and North India and between North and South India.
Its situation was such that if any of the kingdoms of the region could conquer Malwa, it would be in a very strategic and powerful position to become the master of the whole of northern India and could also play an important role in east, west and south India.
As long as Malwa was strong, it acted as a barrier against any ambition of expansion by the rulers of Gujarat, Mewar and the Lodi Sultans of Delhi. On account of its internal dissensions, Malwa became a prey to Ala- ud-Din Khalji in 1305 and remained under Delhi till 1401 when it became independent after the ransacking of Delhi at the hands of Tamer Lane.
Most of the rulers Of Malwa remained intolerant towards the Hindus. Mahmud Khan Khalji (1436-69), who is considered to be the ablest and the most powerful ruler of Malwa destroyed many temples. He fought with almost all the rulers of the neighbouring states but most of his time was spent in fighting against Rana Kumba of Mewar.
Mewar:
Mewar has produced several men and women of great qualities which have made them immortal in the annals of history. Among the great figures were Rana Hamir, Rana Kumba, Rayamalla Sangram Singh, popularly known as Rana Sanga and Maharana Pratap.
Mewar is associated with bravery, chivalry, honour and respect. The Kingdom achieved so much strength and progress during the reign of Rana Hamir that according to one version, he even imprisoned Muhammad Tughlaq for some time. However, this version is not accepted by several historians.
Rana Sanga is said to have invited Babur to invade India.
Kingdom of Jaunpur:
The Kingdom of Jaunpur located in eastern Uttar Pradesh was founded in 1394 A.D. by Malik Sarvar, a prominent noble of the time of Firoz Tughlaq. The dynasty had six rulers and it lasted for about 100 years. The dynasty came into being after the chaos and confusion that followed on account of the invasion of Timur.
At the height of its glory, the Jaunpur Kingdom (also known as Sharqi Kingdom of Jaunpur after the title Sharqi assumed by its founder) extended from Aligarh in Western Uttar Pradesh to Dharbhanga in North Bihar and from the boundary of Nepal in the north to Bundelkhand in the South. There were constant conflicts between the rulers of Delhi and Jaunpur for the expansion of the territory. Ultimately in 1505, Sikander Lodi annexed Jaunpur Kingdom.
Jaunpur, ‘the Shiraz of the East’:
The city of Jaunpur, situated on the river Gomati, 34 miles away from Varanasi towards the north-east, was the capital of the state of Jaunpur. On account of its being the centre of learning, art and architecture, it came to be known as ‘Shiraj of the East’.
Many rulers of this dynasty were great patron of culture. Ibrahim Shah who ruled from 1402 to 1436 made a special contribution. Men of letters, poets and scholars and saints used to assemble at Jaunpur and shed luste on it. Malik Muhammad Jaisi, the author of the well-known Hindi work ‘Padmavat’ lived at Jaunpur.
Jaunpur was beautified with magnificent buildings which included several mosques and mausoleums. The Atal Masjid is the most enduring achievement of Sharqi architecture.
Kashmir:
Till the middle of the 14th century A.D., Kashmir remained a Hindu Kingdom with the vast majority of the Hindu population. It also remained nearly unaffected from the influence of the Delhi Sultans. It became a province of the Mughal Empire in 1586 under Akbar.
In 1315, Shah Mirza, a Muslim adventurer from Persia entered the service of a Hindu ruler. After the death of Udayana, the ruler of Kashmir in 1338m his wife took up the administration of the state in her hands as the sons were minors. By then Shah Mirza had become quite powerful. He imprisoned the queen and her sons and himself became the ruler of Kashmir.
Sikander Shah and Zainul Abidin were the two most important rulers of Kashmir during the medieval period. However, both of them were diametrically opposed.
Sikander Shah (1389-1413):
He was a great bigot. He ordered that all Brahamans and learned Hindus should embrace Islam or leave the valley. He destroyed several temples. He got the title ‘But-Shikani’ (Idol-breaker). It is said that only a few families of the Brahamans were left in Kashmir, as others were either converted to Islam or turned out of Kashmir.From.
Now, a new study published in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution suggests the outbreak could have been caused by a deadly form of salmonella.
Salmonella enterica—subset Paratyphi C to be exact—was present in the DNA of ten different individuals buried at the only known burial site, Teposcolula-Yucundaa, associated with cocoliztli.
According to study author Åshild Vågene from the Max Planck Institute, the strain is a bacterial infection that causes a type of enteric fever nearly identical to typhoid. While that specific strain of salmonella is much rarer today, Vågene says it would have spread similarly. Any food or water contaminated with the strain would have turned deadly once ingested.
Victims would have experienced a fever, vomiting, and likely a rash.
Extracting Ancient DNA
Historians and archaeologists have long suspected that a blood-borne illness was responsible for cocoliztli. Depictions by both Spanish and indigenous artists show the infected with nose bleeds and coughing up blood.
Direct physical evidence, however, has been hard to find.
"This is one of the diseases that doesn't leave any visible clues on the skeleton," says Vågene, adding that very few diseases do.
So, to detect the presence of a pathogen, researchers instead turned to 500-year-old DNA embedded in the teeth of 24 indigenous individuals' remains.
Scientists ran the samples through a DNA sequencing analysis called MALT, a computational program that stores information from all known and characterized pathogens.
Architectural investigations of the Grand Plaza resulted in the unexpected discovery of a large epidemic cemetery associated with the 1545-1550 cocoliztli epidemic. The cemetery was found to contain numerous mass burials, attesting to the catastrophic nature of the epidemic.Photograph Courtesy of Christina Warinner, Teposcolula-Yucundaa Archaeological Project
"One of the most important aspects is we didn't need to make any assumptions," says Alexander Herbig, also from Max Planck and another author on the study. Instead of forming a hypothesis for several different pathogens, researchers could instead test the DNA against the huge swath in their database.
Of the 24 that were tested, 10 showed signs of salmonella. In addition to testing individuals that had contact with Europeans, the researchers also tested five individuals that had been buried before Europeans arrived. None of those five had DNA evidence of salmonella.
Europeans to Blame?
When Europeans entered the Americas, historical records show they brought a number of infectious diseases with them, including smallpox and measles. These diseases disproportionately impacted native people—because they didn't have immunity to them.
Vågene and Herbig say their working hypothesis is that the same was true when the Spanish landed in Mexico.
In a study published in February of last year, researchers noted that this same strain of salmonella was detected in the DNA remains of a Norwegian woman who died in 1200. This means the specific strain that may have killed Aztecs in the 16th century had been present 300 years earlier across the Atlantic.
It's possible, says Vågene, that the pathogen had already been in Mexico. But such evidence has not been found.
Roots of an Epidemic
To really confirm that salmonella contributed to the historical outbreak in Mexico, scientists would need to test more DNA from different sites.
"From a gut instinct I would suspect there were multiple agents involved in that epidemic," says Caitlin Pepperrell, a researcher who studies infectious diseases at the University of Wisconsin-Madison who was not involved with the study.
Pepperrell says a number of other factors could have been at work, many stemming from consequences of colonialism, including "disruptions in food supplies, famine, changes in the concentrations of populations, and relocation."
"It is hard to know for sure," says Anne Stone of Arizona State University's School of Evolution and Social Change, who was also not involved in the study. "But I think that it likely was of European origin because it was new to the population and it hit them so hard."
She says that more DNA samples from more burial sites could confirm this theory.
Vågene agrees that until archaeologists identify more cocoliztli sites, researchers can only hypothesize what caused the massive outbreak. In the meantime, Herbig adds, they'll continue using the DNA sequencing to find out what major diseases have impacted human history and how.Be The Leader
In Your HyperLocal Market
Find out how Spark Sites help you get more deals without spending more.
Conversation Driven • Quick & Easy Setup • Weekly Updates
Getting started is as easy as…
Start Your Free Trial
Click the 'Start Free Trial' button and enter some basic info to create your Spark Site.
HOW IT WORKS
No Setup Fees or ContractNo Setup Fees or Contract
Try it FREE for 10 daysTry it FREE for 10 days
Build Your Site
Use the Spark Builder to design your site in mere minutes - no coding, just clicking!
HOW IT WORKS
Choose your desired stylesChoose your desired styles
Add images & unique infoAdd images & unique info
Dominate Your Market
Yay! We'll reach out within 24 hours perfect your site and help with your goals!
HOW IT WORKS
Watch Training Videos & Get Rockin'Watch Training Videos & Get Rockin'
Ready to go Live? Let us know!Ready to go Live? Let us know!
So…what’s included?
In a nutshell…everything you need to dominate your local market.
Site Design
Quick, Easy, Gorgeous.
Build a hyperlocal focused website in just a few minutes with zero technical knowledge required. Once you’ve signed up for the Free Trial, use our Spark Builder to pick all of your desired styles, layouts, colors, images – enter some info, and voila – it’s like magic… but real ✨.
Want a fully custom design for your Spark Site?
Check out our Spark Custom Page for more information and details.
Area Guides
The most robust area pages in the industry
Provide area specific information on a level that Zillow and other solutions can’t. Win new clients by demonstrating your hyper local area expertise, giving value, and making them feel at home before you help them buy a home 🏡.
Engage
Say hello to conversational marketing
Stop attacking visitors with value-less popups. Instead, focus on starting conversations, with value based call-to-actions that exchange value, and even adapt based on which page of your site they’re on 🎯.
Convert Pages
Our top performing landing pages… in a few clicks
Our top converting hyper local landing pages from over $1MM in real Facebook & Google marketing campaigns – pick the one you want, use the visual editor to personalize, and launch with supreme confidence 😎.
Everything you need to win,
packed into a simple to use, highly automated solution.
Whether you want to prominently feature your listings, manage leads and route them to team members, or blog about local events and share to social networks and automate with a newsletter, we’ve got you covered 🤝.
AF ListingsBlow away sellers, generate more Facebook buyer leads, 1-click Open House CTA, Property Sites, and more!
Team MembersAdd all of your team members, feature Zillow Reviews, Facebook Messenger & Calendly integrations, and more!
Blog AssistPublish unique blog articles that automatically syndicate to all of your social networks in just a few minutes.
“The very first visitor to our site hired us to sell their existing house and find them a new one. Need I say more?”
Derryck McLuhan, McLuhan Group
IDX that understands hyperlocal
It’s official! We partnered with ShowcaseIDX – which gives your clients a unique experience that makes it easier than ever to collaborate.
Blazing Fast
The average client is going to look at hundreds of homes before settling on one. With ShowcaseIDX, listing pages load in milliseconds.
Beautifully Designed
Stunning ‘Mobile First’ design that guarantees a perfect search experience regardless of the device being used.
Social Powered
Your users can choose to communicate directly with you or with their search parties, and even use emoji’s to communicate preferences!
Capture More Leads
Stop missing out on opportunities. Delayed force registration, live chat, tour requests and first of it’s kind instant property alerts!
Created by real estate agents
who understand what you need to succeed.
Support when you need it
We put an army of success managers at your fingertips, because your success is our success…literally… we incentivize our team based on how successful you are 💰.
Easy drag & drop editing
Code is scary 👻. With your Spark Site, drag & drop and click-to-edit your pages, which look amazing on all device sizes.
Google & Facebook marketing
COMING SOON: Stop paying thousands for managed PPC that puts you into a box 📦. Our HyperLeads video courses show you step by step how to maximize your marketing.
Spark Sites grow with your business
We don’t just move you ahead of the pack…we help you stay there.
Seamless Integrations
Spark sites integrate seamlessly with leading 3rd party tools like LionDesk, FollowupBoss, Calendly, Facebook Messenger, and more! New options added regularly.
Power-Ups
Automated Home Valuations, Clickable Area Maps, MailChimp Auto-Newsletters & more, all offered at significantly discounted rates to Spark Site owners.
“Total game changer for me. In 3 months I have generated over 750 quality leads!”
Janie Howard, ColoradoSpringsMilitaryHomes.com
About
Tour
Support
ClientsClassroom
A Visual History of School Desks 1800s to the present.
1881: The Fashion School Desk
The Sidney School Furniture Company, located in Sidney, Ohio, began manufacturing the popular “Fashion” school desk in 1881. Advertising for the desk claimed, “No desk in the market is made with more care, nor of better materials than the ‘Fashion,’ and none has met with a more popular reception, or gives better satisfaction.” The desk featured a Patent T-head, which eliminated screws and bolts by joining the wood of the top, back, and seat to the legs, which were made of cast iron.
1899: The Standing Desk
Photo Credit: Art of Manliness.
1920: The Welsh School Desk
Photo Credit: One Kings Lane
The wooden “Welsh School Desk” was manufactured in 1920 and featured a double compartment top on an iron base.
1930s: The Adjustable School Desk
The school desk pictured above is representative of a new generation of school desks that featured individual cubbyholes, which allowed students to stash their belongings. The desk also included an adjustable seat and tabletop.
1946: The Prouvé School Desk
French architect Jean Prouvé created this tandem school desk in 1946. Prouvé was considered one of the most influential furniture designers of the early modern design movement.
1950: The Munkegård School Desk
Arne Jacobsen developed the Munkegård school desk in 1950. The lightweight desk, made of plywood and chromed steel, featured a hook for school bags and a cubbyhole for schoolbooks.
1960s: The Steel-and-Chrome School Desk
This school desk, manufactured by Heywood Wakefield, represents the steel-and-chrome school desks that became popular in the 1960s. The desk featured a plastic-composite lid that opened up, allowing students to stash belongings.
1970s: The Wraparound School Desk
This 1970s wraparound desk, a style that is still in use, features a plastic chair with chrome legs and a fiberboard tabletop that partially encloses a student’s body. There is also a chrome rack on the bottom for schoolbooks and personal belongings. Left-handed adults may remember the frustration that came with attempting to snatch the few left-handed versions of this desk in their classrooms.
1980s: The Old Is New Again School Desk
Photo Credit: Olde Good Things
This 1980s school desk is similar in style to the Munkegård school desk of the 1950s and the Heywood Wakefield desk of the 1960s. Its base is made of steel, and it is topped with finished plywood. Similar models can still be found in classrooms today. This shows that what’s old really can become new again.
2000s: The New Millenium Standing Desk
Photo Credit: My Big Noise
Sitting is claimed to lead to health issues, such as obesity and carpal tunnel syndrome. Needless to say, standing desks are becoming popular once again. In fact, a pilot study showed that students actually prefer using standing desks.
2010: The Node Chair
Photo Credit: Contemporist
In 2010, global furniture manufacturer Steelcase Inc. introduced its Node chair at NeoCon. The chair features a swivel seat, a large work surface and a base designed to hold students’ belongings. This chair is not yet widely used in classrooms.
2012: The Earthquake-Proof School Desk
Students Arthur Brutter and Ido Bruno presented an earthquake-proof desk in Milan, Italy, earlier this year. The desk was created as their final project at the Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design in Jerusalem. The desk cannot be found in classrooms yet. The designers are currently awaiting a patent and official approval from Padua University in Italy so that they can distribute their desks to schools in disaster-prone areas around the world.- Research Article
- Open Access
Static Object Detection Based on a Dual Background Model and a Finite-State Machine
- Rubén Heras Evangelio1Email author and
- Thomas Sikora1
© R. Heras Evangelio and T. Sikora. 2011
- Received: 30 April 2010
- Accepted: 13 December 2010
- Published: 26 December 2010
Abstract.
Keywords
- State Machine
- Background Subtraction
- Static Object
- Background Model
- Foreground Object
1. Introduction
Detecting static objects in video sequences has several applications in surveillance systems such as the detection of illegally parked vehicles in traffic monitoring or the detection of abandoned objects in public safety systems and has attracted the attention of a vast research in the field of video surveillance. Most of the proposed techniques aiming to detect static objects base on the detection of motion, achieved by means of background subtraction, followed by some kind of tracking [1]. Background subtraction is a commonly used technique for the segmentation of foreground regions in video sequences taken from a static camera, which basically consists on detecting the moving objects from the difference between the current frame and a background model. In order to achieve good segmentation results, the background model must be regularly kept updated so as to adapt to the varying lighting conditions and to stationary changes in the scene. Therefore, background subtraction techniques often do not suffice for the detection of stationary objects and are thus supplemented by an additional approach.
Most of the approaches suggested in the recent literature for the detection of static objects rely on tracking information [1–4]. As observed by Porikli et al., [5]. these methods can find difficulties in real-life scenes involving crowds due the large amounts of occlusions and to the shadows casted by moving objects, which turn the object initialization and tracking into a hard problem to solve. Many of the applications where the detection of abandoned objects can be of interest like safety in public environments (airports, railway stations) impose the requirement of coping with crowds.
In order to address the limitations exhibited by tracking-based approaches, Porikli et al. [5]. proposed a pixelwise system which uses dual foregrounds. Therefore, they used two background models with different learning rates, a short-term and a long-term background model. In this way, they were able to control how fast static objects get absorbed by the background models and detect them as those groups of pixels classified as background by the short-term but not by the long-term background model.
A drawback of this system is that temporarily static objects may also become absorbed by the long-term background model after a given time depending on its learning rate. This would lead the system to not detect those static objects anymore and furthermore to detect the uncovered background regions as abandoned objects when they are removed from the scene. To overcome this problem, the long-term background model could be updated selectively. The disadvantage of this approach is that incorrect update decisions might later result in incorrect detection and that the uncovered background could be detected as foreground after removing static objects even if those do not get absorbed by the long-term model if the lighting conditions have changed notably.
The combination of the foreground masks obtained from the subtraction of two background models was already used by [6] in order to quickly adapt to changes in the scene while preventing foreground objects from being absorbed too fast by the background model. They used the intersection of the foreground masks to selectively update the short-term background model, obtaining a very precise segmentation of moving objects, but they did not consider the problem of detecting new static objects. Recently, Singh et al. [4] proposed a system for the detection of static objects that also bases on two background models however; it relies on selectively updating the long-term background model, entailing the above-mentioned problem of possibly taking incorrect updating decisions, and on tracking information.
To solve the problem that poses static objects concerning the updating of the long-term background model in dual background systems, we propose a system that, based on the results obtained from a dual background model, classifies the pixels according to a finite-state machine. Therefore, we can define the meaning of obtaining a given result from background subtraction when being in a given state. Thus, the system is able to differentiate between background and static objects that have been absorbed by both background models depending on the pixels history. Furthermore, by adequately designing the states and transitions of the finite-state machine, the system that we define can be used either in a full automatic or in an interactive manner, making it extremely suitable for real-life surveillance applications. After classification, pixels are grouped according to their class and connectivity. The content of this paper has been partially submitted to the IEEE Workshop on Applications of Computer Vision (WACV) 2011 [7]. In the present paper, we provide a detailed insight into the proposed system and some robustness and efficiency implementation issues to further enhance it.
The rest of this paper is organized as follows In Section 2 we briefly describe the task of background subtraction, which sets the basis of our system. Section 3 is devoted to the finite-state machine, including some implementation remarks. Section 4 summarizes some experimental results and the limitations and merits of the proposed system. Section 5 concludes the paper.
2. Background Modelling
and the pixel is classified as background if this probability is bigger than a given threshold or as foreground if not. The estimated model in (1) is known as background model and the pixel classification process as background subtraction. The classification process depends on the pixel history as explicitly denoted in (1). In order to obtain a sensitive detection, the background model must be updated regularly to adapt to varying lighting conditions. Therefore, the background model is a statistical model containing everything in a scene that remains static and depends on the training set
used to build it. A study of some well-known background models can be found in [8–10] and references therein.
As observed in [11], there are many surveillance scenarios where the initial background contains objects that are later removed from the scene (parked cars, static persons that move away, etc.). When these objects move away, they originate a foreground blob that should be correctly classified as a removed object. Although this is an important classification step for an autonomous system, we do not consider this problem in this paper. We assume that, after an initialization time, the background model only contains static objects which do belong to the empty scene. Some approaches on background initialization can be found in [12, 13] and references therein. In [12], the authors use multiple hypotheses for the background at each pixel by locating periods of stable intensity during the training sequence. The likelihood of each hypothesis is evaluated by using optical flow information from the neighboring pixels. The most likely hypothesis is chosen as background model. In [13] the background is estimated in a patch by patch manner by selecting the most appropriate candidate patches according to the combined frequency responses of extended versions of candidate patches and their neighbourhood, thus exploiting spatial correlations within small regions.
The result of a background subtraction is a foreground mask
, which is a binary image where the pixels classified as foreground are differentiated from those classified as background. In the following, we use the value 1 for those pixels classified as foreground (foreground pixels), and 0 for those classified as background (background pixels). Foreground pixels can be grouped into blobs by means of connectivity properties [14, 15]. Blobs are foreground regions which can belong to one or more objects or even to some parts of different objects in case of occlusions. For brevity in the exposition, we will refer to the detected foreground regions as objects. Accordingly, we will use the term static objects instead of the more precise form static foreground regions.
2.1. Dual Background Models
A statistical background model as defined in (1) provides a description of the static scene. Since the model is updated regularly, objects being introduced in the scene and remaining static will be incorporated into the model at some time. Therefore, regulating the training set
or the learning rate used to build the background model, it is possible to adjust how fast new static objects get incorporated into the background model.
After a given time according to the learning rate of the long-term background, the pixel values corresponding to static objects will be learned by this model too, so that, following the hypotheses in Table 1, those pixels will be hypothesized from this time on as scene background. Moreover, if any of those objects get removed from the scene after their pixel values have been learned by the long-term background, the potential background may be detected as a static object.
In order to handle those situations, we propose in this paper a system that, based on the foreground masks obtained by the subtraction of two background models learning at two different rates, hypothesizes on the pixel classification according to the last pixel classification. This system is formulated as a finite-state machine where the hypotheses depend on the state of a pixel at a given time, and the conditions are the results obtained from background subtraction.
As background model,we use two improved Gaussian mixture models as described in [16] initialized with identical parameters except for the learning rate, a short-term background model
, and a long-term background model
. Actually, we could use any parametrical multimodal background model (see [17], e.g.) that do not alter the parameters of the distribution that represents the background when a foreground object hides it.
with
being a measure of the minimum portion of the data that should be considered as background. After each update, the components that are not supported by the data, that is, these with negative weights, are suppressed and the weights of the remaining components are normalized in a way that they add up to one.
3. Static Objects Detection
Graphical description of the states a pixel goes through when being incorporated into the background model. BG indicates a pixel that belongs to the background model, MP a pixel that belongs to a moving object, PAP a partially absorbed pixel, and AP an absorbed pixel.
If we further observe the behavior of the background model of this pixel in time, we can transfer the meaning of obtaining a given result from background subtraction after a given history into pixel classification hypothesis (states) and establish which transitions are allowed from each state and what are the inputs needed to cause these transitions. In this way, we can define the state transitions of a finite-state machine, which can be used to hypothesize on the pixel classification.
As we will see in the following subsections, there are some states that require additional information in order to determine what is the next state for a given input. In these cases it is necessary to know if any of the background models gives a description of the actual scene background and, in affirmative case, which of them. Therefore, we keep a copy of the last background value observed at every pixel position. This value will be used, for example, to distinguish when a static object is being removed or when it is being occluded by another object. In this sense, the finite-state machine (FSM) presented in the following can be considered as an extended finite-state machine (EFSM), which is an FSM extended with input and output parameters, context variables, operations and predicates defined over context variables and input parameters [19]. An EFSM can be viewed as a compressed notation of an FSM, since it is possible to unfold it into a pure FSM, assuming that all the domains are finite [19], which is the case in the state machine presented here. In fact, we make use of context variables in a very limited number of transitions. Therefore, for clarity in the presentation, we prefer to introduce the state-machine as an FSM at first and then remark where the EFSM features are exploited.
In the following subsection we present the FSM in its general form. Section 3.2 outlines how the results of the FSM can be used by higher layers in a computer vision system. Section 3.3 presents how the FSM can be further enhanced in terms of robustness and efficiency.
3.1. A Finite-State Machine for Hypothesizing on the Pixel Classification
A finite-state machine describes the dynamic behavior of a discrete system as a set of input symbols, a set of possible states, transitions between those states, which are originated by the inputs, a set of output symbols, and sometimes actions that must be performed when entering, leaving or staying in a given state. A given state is determined by past states and inputs of the system. Thus, an FSM can be considered to record information about the past of the system it describes. Therefore, by defining a state machine whose states are the hypothesis on the pixels and whose inputs are the values obtained from background subtraction, we can record information about the pixel history and thus hypothesize on the classification of a pixel given a background subtraction result depending on the state where it was before.
- (i)
is the input alphabet (a finite set of input symbols),
- (ii)
is a finite set of states,
- (iii)
is the output alphabet (a finite set of output symbols),
- (iv)
is the next-state function, a mapping of
into
, and
- (v)
is the output function, a mapping of
onto
.
- (a)
to be the possible combinations of the results obtained from background subtraction. By defining the pair
, the input alphabet reduces to
;
- (b)
to be the set of states a pixel can go through as described below;
- (c)
to be either a set of numbers indicating the hypothesis on the pixel classification
, with
being the cardinality of
, or a boolean output
with the value 0 for pixels not belonging to a static object and 1 for pixels belonging to a static object. Choosing the output alphabet depends on whether the hypotheses of the machine are to be further interpreted or not;
- (d)
- (e)
to be the output function. This can be either a multivalued function with output values
corresponding to the state of a pixel at a given time, or a boolean function with output 0 for pixels not belonging to a static object and 1 for pixels belonging to a static object.
Additionally, we keep a copy of the last background value observed at every pixel position.
- (0)
(BG), background,
. The pixel belongs to the scene background,
- (1)
(MP), moving pixel,
. The pixel belongs to a moving object. This state can be reached as well by pixels belonging to the background scene being affected by spurious noise not characterized by the background model,
- (2)
(PAP), partially absorbed pixel,
. The pixel belongs to an object that has already been absorbed by
but not by
. In the following, we refer to these objects as short-term static objects,
- (3)
(UBG), uncovered background,
. The pixel belongs to a background region that was occluded by a short-term static object,
- (4)
(AP), absorbed pixel,
. The pixel belongs to an object that has already been absorbed by
and
. In the following, we refer to these objects as long-term static objects,
- (5)
(NI), new indetermination,
. The pixel cannot be classified as background neither by
nor by
. It is not possible to ascertain if the pixel corresponds to a moving object occluding a long-term static object or if a long-term static object was removed. We do not take any decision at this moment. If the pixel belongs to a moving object occluding a long-term static object, the state machine will jump back to AP when the moving object moves out. If not, the "new" color will be learned by
and the state machine will jump to AI, where a decision will be taken,
- (6)
(AI), absorbed indetermination,
. The pixel is classified as background by
but not by
. Given the history of the pixel it is not possible to ascertain if any of the background models gives a description of the actual scene background. To solve this uncertainty, the current pixel value is compared to the last known background value at this pixel position. We discuss below how to obtain and update the last known background value,
- (7)
(ULKBG), uncovered last known background,
. The pixel is classified as background by
but not by
and identified as belonging to the scene background,
- (8)
(OULKBG), occluded uncovered last known background,
. The pixel is classified as background by
but not by
, and
is known to contain a representation of the scene background. This state can be reached when a long-term static object has been removed, the actual scene background has been learned again by
and an object whose appearance is very similar to the removed long-term static object occludes the background,
- (9)
(PAPAP), partially absorbed pixel over absorbed pixel,
. The pixel is classified as background by
but not by
and could not be identified as belonging to the scene background. Therefore, it is classified as a pixel belonging to a short-term static object occluding a long-term static object,
- (10)
(UAP), uncovered absorbed pixel,
. The pixel is classified as background by
but not by
, and
could not be interpreted to contain a representation of the actual scene background. This state can be reached when a short-term static object was occluding a long-term static object and the short-term static object gets removed.
Observe that we need additional information in order to determine the transitions from state 6. This is due to the fact that it is not possible to ascertain if any of the background models gives a good description of the actual scene background. To illustrate this, let us consider two cases: a long-term static object getting removed and a long-term static object getting occluded by a short-term static object. In both cases, when the long-term static object is visible
and
classify it as background (state 4,
). Afterwards, when the long-term static object gets removed or occluded, a "new" color is observed. The "new" color persists at this pixel position, and it gets first learned by
(state 6,
), causing an uncertainty, since it is impossible to distinguish if the "new" color corresponds to the scene background or to a short-term static object occluding the long-term static object. To solve this uncertainty, we compare the current pixel value with the last known background value at this pixel position. In this state the FSM is actually behaving as an EFSM, and the copy of the last background value observed at this position is a context variable. Since this is the unique state where the FSM explicitly makes use of extended features, we decided to remark that aside in order to keep the description of the state machine as simple as possible.
where
denotes the last known background value.
- (i)
a boolean function with output 0 for nonstatic pixels and 1 for static pixels. In this case, it has to be decided which subset
of
designates a static pixel. There are many possibilities, depending on the desired responsiveness of the system. The lower and higher responsiveness are achieved by
and
, respectively;
- (ii)
A multivalued function with output values
corresponding to the state where the pixel is at a given time.
At the moment, we use a subset of
to classify groups of pixels as static objects, but we used the second form in order to provide some examples of the classification states obtained. Furthermore, the results obtained by using a multivalued function can be used to feed up a second-layer grouping pixels by means of their hypotheses and build objects.
3.2. Grouping Pixels into Objects
The state of each pixel at a given time
provides a rich information that can be further processed to refine the hypothesis. Pixels can be spatially combined depending on their states and their connectivity. At the moment, we take those pixels in the states 4 and 5 and those that have been in the states 2 or 9 for more than a given time threshold
and group them attending to their connectivity. Those groups of pixels bigger than a fixed size are then classified as static objects.
3.3. Robustness and Efficiency Issues
The FSM introduced in Section 3.1 provides a reliable tool to hypothesize on the meaning of the results obtained from a dual background subtraction. However, there are some state-input sequences where an additional computation must be done in order to decide on the next state, namely when the state machine arrives at the state AI (6). A state-input sequence entering the state AI is AP-(1,1) → NI-(1,0) → AI, which corresponds to a pixel of a long-term static object being removed or getting occluded by a short-term static object. In this situation it is necessary to disambiguate the results obtained from background subtraction.
- (11)
(OULKBGII), occluded uncovered last known background ii,
,
- (12)
(UBGII), uncovered background ii,
,
- (13)
(MPII), moving pixel ii,
,
- (14)
(PAPII), partially absorbed pixel ii,
,
- (15)
(MPIII), moving pixel iii,
.
Five additional states and six additional conditions on transitions to enhance the robustness and the efficiency of the FSM shownin Figure 2.
Figure 3 also shows six additional conditions on six transitions marked as an orange point on the respective transition arrows. The reason why we introduce these conditions here is that the tuple
at time step
does not really make sense if being in the state where the transitions are conditioned. Thus, we hypothesized that it was obtained because of noise and "stay" at the current state. If the tuple
in the next time step
is equal to
, then the conditioned transition is done. In practice, these additional conditions are implemented as replica states with identical transitions as the state being replicated except for the transition being conditioned, which is only done in the corresponding replica state (the replicated state transitions to the replica state). We do not represent these replica states in the next-state function graph for clarity.
Introducing additional states enhances the robustness of the state machine, since there are less input sequences deriving in state AI. Thus, there are less pixels that have to be checked with an eventually old version of the scene background (the last known background value is updated when a transition leaving the state BG is). Furthermore, because of avoiding this additional computation, we gain in efficiency. Replica states also contribute to enhance the performance of the system, since they filter out noisy inputs.
4. Experimental Results
In this section, we present results obtained with the proposed system and with a dual background-based system that does not use an FSM (pixels are classified by using the hypotheses shown in Table 1 and an evidence value in a similar way as proposed in [5]), which we use as reference system. To abbreviate, we will refer to those systems as DBG+FSM and DBG+T, respectively.
To test the systems, we used three public datasets: i-LIDS, PETS2006 and CAVIAR. The sequences AB-Easy, AB-Medium and AB-Hard from the i-LIDS dataset show a scene in an underground station. In PETS2006, there are several scenes from different camera views of a closed space; we took the scene S1-T1-C-3. CAVIAR covers many different events for scene interpretation of interest in a video surveillance application (people fighting, people/groups meeting, walking together and splitting up, or people leaving bags behind…), taken from a high camera view; from this dataset we took the scene LeftBag. The scenes from i-LIDS became our major attention, since they show one of the challenges that we tackle on this paper, namely a static object being for a long time in the scene and then being removed. However, the scenes AB-Medium and AB-Hard present the handicap that the static scene cannot be learned before the static objects come into the scene, which is a requirement for both systems (DBG+T and DBG+FSM); therefore, we added 10 frames showing the empty scene at the beginning of each scene, respectively, in order to train the background models. In PETS2006, static objects are not removed, and thus, even if the static objects have to be detected, they do not pose the problem of detecting when a static object has been removed. In the CAVIAR scene LeftBag, static objects are removed that early, that every background model can be tuned not to absorb them without risking the responsiveness of the background model. Thus, we do not consider these two last sets of scenes very challenging for the task of static objects detection. We nevertheless chose these three datasets, since they are the most commonly used in the computer vision community for the presentation of systems for the detection of static objects.
- (i)
,
- (ii)
,
- (iii)
, which means that only the first component of the background model is taken as background,
where
is the initialization value for the variance of a new distribution, and
is the threshold value for a pixel to be considered to match a given distribution. These are the most commonly used values in papers reporting the use of Gaussian mixture models for the task of background subtraction.
The masks obtained from background subtraction were taken without any kind of postprocessing as input for the FSM. We let the background models learn for a period of 10 frames and, assuming that at this time the short-term background already has a model of the scene background, start the state machine.
The FSM was implemented as a lookup table and is thus very low demanding in terms of computation time. Only at state AI extra computations are needed. At this step, we use a voting system to decide the next state for a given input, by comparing the pixel against the last value seen for background at this pixel and impose the condition of obtaining a candidate state at least five times. For this comparison, we used a context variable. We do not define this comparison as an input of the state machine, since it is only needed for pixels being in this state. Therefore, we save the computational cost of computing a third foreground mask based on this background model.
Pixel classification was made taking the pixels whose FSMs were in the states AP and NI, or in the states PAP and PAPAP for a time longer than 800 frames and building connected components. To build connected components we used the CvBlobsLib, available at, which implements the algorithm in [21]. Groups of pixels bigger than 200 pixels were classified as static objects. Time and size thresholds were changed for the LeftBag sequence, according to the geometry and challenge of the scene. While in the PETS and iLIDS sequences a rucksack can be bounded with a
pixels box, a rucksack of the approximately same size takes because of the frame size a box of only
pixels in the CAVIAR sequences. Moreover, the LeftBag sequence of CAVIAR poses the challenge of detecting static objects being in the scene for 385 frames, what would make no sense in a subway station (iLIDS sequences), since almost each waiting person would trigger an alarm.
Detection results of the DBG-T and the proposed system (DBG-FSM).
We detected successfully all static objects. The false detections in the AB-Medium and AB-Hard sequences correspond in every case to persons staying static for a long time. These detections can be ignored by incorporating an object classifier in order to discard people staying static for a long time (this classification step will be incorporated in future work). Furthermore, notice that we set a learning rate for
larger than needed in order to prove the correct operation of the FSM, which is also partially the cause of static objects being detected that fast.
Pixel classification in five frames of the scene AB-Easy. Frame number from left to right: 1967, 3041, 4321, 4922, and 5098.
Pixel classification in five frames of the scene AB-Medium. Frame number from left to right: 951, 3007, 3900, 4546, and 4715.
Pixel classification in five frames of the scene AB-Hard. Frame number from left to right: 251, 2335, 3478, 4793, and 4920.
Processing time needed for the update of a double background model (DBG), for the DBG-T system, and for the proposed system (DBG-FSM) in miliseconds (ms) and frames per second (fps).
Detail of pixel classification when using specialized states (a) and not (b).
4.1. System Limitations and Merits
The system presented here aims to detect static objects in a video sequence that do not belong to the scene background. As such, the actual scene background must be known when the state machine starts working, which is a realistic requirement for real-life applications. Furthermore, we do not use any kind of object models in order to distinguish, for instance, persons waiting in a bank from other kind of static objects. Neither tracking information was used to trigger "drop-off" alarms in a similar fashion as Guler and Farrow do in [22], which could be coupled with our system in form of a parallel layer in order to bring a kind of semantic for scene interpretation. Static objects would still be detected with no need of tracking information, while a higher layer could fuse incoming information from several cues in order to make a semantic scene interpretation. As pointed out, the system presented here is restricted to the detection of static objects which do not belong to the scene background.
As shown in Figure 2, the condition for the FSM to stay at the state AP at a given pixel
is that
, which is the same condition as the one to stay at BG. That means that if a piece of the scene background was wrongly classified as static object, an operator could interactively correct this mistake with no need for the system to correct any of the background models, since those are updated regularly in a blind fashion. This could happen, for example, if a static object has occluded the background that long, that the last known background is not similar anymore to the scene background when the object is removed because of a lighting change. This is a huge advantage of our system in comparison to other systems based on selectively updating the background model, not only because we avoid wrong update decisions but also because the system provides the possibility of incorporating interactive corrections with no need of modifying the background model. Thus, the background model remains as a pure statistical information.
The same applies for static objects that an operator can be considered noninteresting, which is a common issue in open spaces, where waste containers and other static objects are moved in the scene but do not represent a dangerous situation. Static object detection approaches based on selective updating of the background model do not offer a principled way of incorporating such items into the background model. Since our background model is updated in a blind fashion, these objects do get incorporated into the background model. Only the state of the FSM has to be changed. This kind of interaction can be defined as well with other layers in a complex computer vision system.
Crop of frame nr. 4158 (i-LIDS AB-Hard).
5. Conclusions
In this paper we presented a robust system for the detection of static objects in crowded scenes without the need of any tracking information. By transferring the meaning of obtaining a given result from background subtraction after a given history into transitions in a finite-state machine, we obtain a rich information that we use for the pixel classification. The state machine can be implemented as a lookup table with negligible computational cost, it can be easily extended to accept more inputs and can also be coupled with parallel layers in order to extract semantic information in video sequences. In fact, the proposed method outperforms the reference system in terms of detection accuracy while having similar processing demands. Due to the condition imposed for a pixel to remain classified as static in a long-term basis, the system can be interactively corrected by an operator without need for the system to modify anything in the background models, what alleviates the system from persistent false classification originated by incorrect update decisions in contrast to selective updating-based systems. The system was successfully validated with several public datasets.
Authors’ Affiliations
References
- Bayona A, SanMiguel JC, Martínez JM: Comparative evaluation of stationary foreground object detection algorithms based on background subtraction techniques. Proceedings of the 6th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Video and Signal Based Surveillance (AVSS '09), September 2009 25-30.Google Scholar
- Guler S, Silverstein JA, Pushee IH: Stationary objects in multiple object tracking. Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Advanced Video and Signal Based Surveillance (AVSS '07), September 2007 248-253.Google Scholar
- Venetianer PL, Zhang Z, Yin W, Lipton AJ: Stationary target detection using the object video surveillance system. Proceedings of IEEE Conference on Advanced Video and Signal Based Surveillance (AVSS '07), September 2007, London, UK 242-247.Google Scholar
- Singh A, Sawan S, Hanmandlu M, Madasu VK, Lovell BC: An abandoned object detection system based on dual background segmentation. Proceedings of the 6th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Video and Signal Based Surveillance (AVSS '09), September 2009 352-357.Google Scholar
- Porikli F, Ivanov Y, Haga T: Robust abandoned object detection using dual foregrounds. EURASIP Journal on Advances in Signal Processing 2008, 2008:-11.Google Scholar
- Elgammal A, Harwood D, Davis LS: Non-parametric model for background subtraction. Proceedings of the 6th European Conferenceon Computer Vision, 2000Google Scholar
- Heras Evangelio R, Sikora T: Detection of static objects for the task of video surveillance. Proceedings of the IEEE Workshop on Applications of Computer Vision (WACV '11), January 2011, Kona, Hawaii, USA 534-540.Google Scholar
- Karaman M, Goldmann L, Yu D, Sikora T: Comparison of static background segmentation methods. Visual Communications and Image Processing, July 2005, Beijing, China, Proceedings of SPIE 5960: 2140-2151.Google Scholar
- Parks DH, Fels SS: Evaluation of background subtraction algorithms with post-processing. Proceedings of the 5th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Video and Signal Based Surveillance (AVSS '08), September 2008 192-199.Google Scholar
- Piccardi M: Background subtraction techniques: a review. Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC '04), October 2004 4: 3099-3104.Google Scholar
- Tian Y, Feris RS, Hampapur A: Real-time detection of abandoned and removed objects in complex environments. Proceedings of the IEEE International Workshop on Visual Surveillance, 2008, Marseille, FranceGoogle Scholar
- Gutchess D, Trajković M, Cohen-Solal E, Lyons D, Jain AK: A background model initialization algorithm for video surveillance. Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV '01), July 2001 733-740.Google Scholar
- Reddy V, Sanderson C, Lovell BC: An efficient and robust sequential algorithm for background estimation in video surveillance. In Proceedings of 16th IEEE International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP '09), November 2009, Cairo, Egypt. IEEE Press; 1109-1112.Google Scholar
- Rosenfeld A: Connectivity in digital pictures. Journal of the Associationfor Computing Machinery 1970, 17(1):146-160. 10.1145/321556.321570View ArticleMathSciNetMATHGoogle Scholar
- Haralick RM, Shapiro LG: Computer and Robot Vision, Volume I. Addison-Wesley, Reading, Mass, USA; 1992.Google Scholar
- Zivkovic Z, van der Heijden F: Efficient adaptive density estimation per image pixel for the task of background subtraction. Pattern Recognition Letters 2006, 27(7):773-780. 10.1016/j.patrec.2005.11.005View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Porikli F, Tuzel O: Bayesian background modeling for foreground detection. In Proceedings of the 3rd ACM International Workshop on Video Surveillance and Sensor Networks, 2005, New York, NY, USA. ACM; 55-58.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Stauffer C, Grimson W: Adaptive background mixture models forreal-time tracking. Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, June 1999, Fort Collins, Colo, USA 2: 246-252.Google Scholar
- Petrenko A, Boroday S, Groz R: Confirming configurations inefsm. In Proceedings of the IFIP Joint International Conference FORTE/PSTV, 1999. Kluwer; 5-24.Google Scholar
- Booth TL: Sequential Machines and Automata Theory. Wiley, New York, NY, USA; 1967.MATHGoogle Scholar
- Chang FU, Chen CJ, Lu CJ: A linear-time component-labeling algorithm using contour tracing technique. Computer Vision and Image Understanding 2004, 93(2):206-220. 10.1016/j.cviu.2003.09.002View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Guler S, Farrow MK: Abandoned object detection in crowded places. Proceedings of the 9th IEEE International Workshop on Performance Evaluation in Tracking and Surveillance (PETS '06), June 2006, New York, NY, USA 99-106.Google Scholar
This article is published under license to BioMed Central Ltd. This is an open access article distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.I just got back from talking to Bill Tortorelli’s freshman humanities seminar at Temple. The course has been focusing on various models of storytelling – like the travelogues of Marco Polo – and the biases and motivations of each author in creating a first person narrative. Bill wanted to bring the live storytelling experience into his classroom. So, with help from Temple’s GenEd program, he partnered with First Person Arts.
I gave a little spiel on the mission of FPA and our philosophy on the power of storytelling. Then Katonya took the floor and interacted with the students in true Katonya style- frank, funny and totally engaging. She got the students storytelling right away by asking the simple questions, “How are you doing today?” and “What do you think about storytelling?” She shared her principles of storytelling. First and foremost, know yourself. She talked about using the energy from your audience, being an “energy vampire,” which was how one of the students described Katonya herself.
(And Katonya is our guest storyteller at next Tuesday’s StorySlam at L’Etage! Watch her tell a story on the theme of Gifts. Here is video of Katonya using her non-linear narrative style to talk about mortification at last year’s Chicago v. Philly Slam at the Free Library Festival.)
We’ll be returning to Bill’s class on March 29th for the first ever First Person StorySlam at Temple! The theme, chosen today by the class, is Growing Up. Katonya and I (along with another “celebrity”) will be the judges. I’m psyched and while some students were honest about being nervous for the Slam, a lot of them were totally into it. I’m looking forward to some awesome stories.
– KarinaWhat Is An Investment Property Depreciation Schedule?
What is an investment property depeciation schedule and why is it useful to you as a property investor? A property depreciation schedule can save you hundreds, or even thousands of dollars each and every year. It is simple to get set up and will help you to maximise your investment cash flow for years to come.
One of the benefits of owning investment property in Australia is that, in many cases, you can use any losses from your property to offset the tax you are required to pay on your income. For example, if you were paying 30% tax on your income and your property lost $1,000 – then you could save yourself $300 in tax.
Now ideally, you don’t want to have to pay $1,000 just to get $300 back, and that is where the depreciation schedule comes in. You can depreciate parts of your investment property to create a loss on paper (due to decreased value in some items), you can then save that $300 tax without actually having to pay $1,000 out of your wage to achieve it.
Maximising your tax deductions is an important part of being a property investor and getting the maximum return on investment, and despite this fact many investors fail to get a depreciation schedule done on their property.
An invesment property depreciation schedule is a document created by a licensed Quantity Surveyor which details how much you can claim each year in ‘paper losses’ as a result of depreciation.
You can easily request for one by contacting a surveyor or a company who assesses property values. They will inspect your property and search for its building records. After that, you will be requested to submit some information:
- Purchase date of the property
- Year and date the property was built
- Date when the property became available for rent
- Construction expenses, if applicable
- Documents proving your authority to inspect the building files for property in question
The cost of the depreciation schedule will depend on the type, size, location of the property and other factors. The document may take two to three weeks to be processed, but it’s worth the wait.
Why Should I Get An Investment Property Depreciation Schedule?
Do you want to save on your taxes? If so, get a property depreciation schedule because it will help lower your taxes considerably. You can even get one to get a depreciation schedule done and create adjustments on your previous tax returns.
Two types of depreciation are available:
1. Depreciation on equipment – eg. blinds, carpets, heaters, etc.
2. Depreciation on building- eg. construction costs
The amount of depreciation you may claim depends on the status of the property – its age, fittings, use, size, and other factors.
Usually, the newer the property and its fittings are the larger the amount you can claim. This is because older properties and older fittings have already lost most of their value and thus there is not a lot left to claim. Newer items lose value quicker and thus lead to increase depreciation claims.
Getting a depreciation schedule is also a deductible expense and most companies offer a 100% money back guarantee, so you have nothing to lose.
You can complete a depreciation schedule yourself, but it is fraught with danger. There is a fine line between tax deductions and tax evasion and if you claim items that you cannot legally claim then you can get yourself into trouble. Using a qualified quantity surveyor means you can maximise your deductions (they have the knowledge to help you claim everything you are legally entitled to) but keeps you within the legal limits, thus minimising your risk.
So if you haven’t got a depreciation schedule done then jump on Google and search for “quantity surveyor [area]” or “depreciation schedule [area]”. They will need to go to the property to inspect it, so you will most likely want someone local.Forums:
Sometimes you may need to uninstall Mobicip for a valid reason, like your kids growing up and not needing supervision, for instance. If you attempted to uninstall the latest (version 2.0) Mobicip Safe Browser update on Android as of the date this post is published, you may run into a problem.
You will likely be locked from uninstalling the app by default. To resolve this catch-22, follow these steps:
- In the device Settings > Security > Device Administrators menu, find Mobicip and disable it.
- In the Mobicip Safe Browser app, go to Settings > Deleting Apps and uncheck the option.
You'll then be able to uninstall the app without errors.
PS: If you're faced with a login error, please see if you can login successfully at mobicip.com. If the website login works and the app login fails, please contact support immediately. Its very likely that there was a typo in your username as registered due to which it contains at least one upper-case letter. Please contact support so we can identify and fix the problem.
NOTE: This issue has since been resolved. It is very easy to uninstall Mobicip on Android. Learn more.
Diego Paez Dec 26, 2013
Uninstall App
Cindy Niebergall Feb 15, 2016
Mobicip is acting up.flashing
Mobicip is acting up.flashing. It won't let me uninstall it. I went into settings, it didn't work.
Mobicip Support Feb 20, 2014
Re: Uninstall App
kirti Gourwar May 15, 2014
deleting mobicip
I M unable to uninstall mobicip as it has been register with my frends id and he dont remember user id and password of mobicip. Can u please guide in such a case how we can delete/uninstall mobicip.
Mobicip Support Jun 5, 2014
Re: deleting mobicip
rosalie Jul 25, 2014
Hi installed Mobicip and a
Mobicip Support Jul 30, 2014
Re: Hi installed Mobicip and a
Christine Jan 1, 2015
Sent a message about the same
Sent a message about the same thing it won't let me uninstall. It is greyed out as an option. So frustrating. Would never recommend this to any one
Mobicip Support Jan 12, 2016
Re: Sent a message about the same
Jackie Oct 7, 2014
uninstall app
not able to log into the app or uninstall it, I have received a few emails.I do not have the option to un install, it is grayed out, once I changed the password, never been able to log in to the phone agailn, this has been quite annoying, I used to offer this app to my customers, I will no longer do that. I WANT TO BE ABLE TO REMOVE THE APP. ASAP with out doing a master reset
PagesOn every Sketchfab model page, additional models are suggested for you to click on and explore.
For Basic users, model pages display related content and models from a variety of other users.
Models pages for PRO, Premium, Business and Enterprise users will only display suggested models and related content from the same account owner (like the screenshot below).
I have a Pro account but still see the "suggested models" on the right hand side. How do I keep that from displaying?
@PixVR Thanks for writing to us through the contact form too, I'll ask you there shortly.
Hello Dan Im having the same problem issue when I send a link of a collection to a client they see all my models. Some of which in the future could have NDA and this would hinder my use.
@Mod-Ex Thanks for reaching out! Individual model pages for PRO users like yourself should only show suggested models from your account. Currently, no plan hides the suggested models completely.
If you need to hide all your models from the suggested models section, though, you could always set all your models to be password-protected.
Please sign in to leave a comment.Beauty Centre Birmingham
Beauty Centre in Birmingham (Results 1 - 20 of 475)
- Clarins StudioCorporation StB2 5JS Birmingham GUN QUARTER 0121 212 2336Open
... treatments, beauty services, skin care, hair salon, beauty centre, beauty salon, beauty saloon
- City NailsUNIT 14, PARADISE PLACEB3 3HJ Birmingham 0121 233 2788Open
... Beauty Supply, facial aesthetic, haircut, beauty centre, Nail Technicians, hair salon, cosmetic...
Request for QuotationAre you looking for Beauty Salons ?Use our ‘Request for Quotation’ service and get customized offers from companies in Birmingham.
- The Essentials344 Bradford RoadB36 9AD Birmingham 0121 749 7000Closed
beauty salon located in the centre of Castle Bromwich, Birmingham. We are approaching our 10th year of trading and we offer an extensive range of Beauty, Nail and Tanning treatments to very a high...
- Finishing Touchesguildhall buildings Navigation St, suite 402B2 4BT Birmingham BIRMINGHAM CITY CENTRE 0121 643 2600Open
... Consultants, Beauty treatments, skin care, beauty centre, skin care treatment, skin health, beauty...
- Beauty Works22 STOTFOLD ROADB14 5JB Birmingham MAYPOLE 0121 430 8081
Fully qualified, mobile beauty therapists with several years experience, an eye for detail and a professional work approach. With perfection and value for money being the main goals of the business ... Under Arm Wax, leg Massage, manicure, beauty centre, Arm Massage, Brazilian Bikini Wax, manicure...
- Farha Hair and Beauty924 Stratford RdB11 4BT Birmingham 0121 778 2220Closed
BEAUTY is a popular unrivaled UNISEX beauty hub located in Sparkhill offering services that can accommodate any of your individual beauty needs. With provisions for Muslim clients serving women, men...
- Ego Beauty3 Sheepcote StB16 8AE Birmingham 0121 633 7007Closed
... soothed as well as your self-image & your EGO rejuvenated. We provide a range of high quality health and beauty treatments and procedures that can be tailored specifically to your individual needs.
- Ellas hair and beauty694 Washwood Heath RoadB8 2HQ Birmingham WARD END 0121 326 8100Closed
... beauty salon, hair salon
- Cora Hair16-18 Temple RowB2 5HG Birmingham 01212339993Open
... are available upon request. Meet our resident Associates: J Beauty by Nilima offers the full range of beauty treatments, Emma from Emma's Nails has a great reputation for all nail services and...
- Look SmartIrwin House, 47 Frederick StreetB1 3HN BirminghamOpen
Look Smart offers a large natural range of beard care products from beard oils, beard balms, moustache waxes and beard washes to many different types of beard & moustache combs & brushes.
- Vibro-Suite Health & Wellness Club100 Browning StreetB16 8EH Birmingham 0121 454 7975Open
... Birmingham. Vibro Suite Heath & Wellness cateris for everybody, providing personal training, beauty treatments, sports therapy, group pamper packages, gym classes, corporate wellness and a coffee...
- Sculptures26 Pershore Rd SB30 3EJ Birmingham COTTERIDGE 0121 458 1804Closed
beauty salon in the Birmingham area. We provide a wide range of services from hair styling, treatments, colouring and perming as well as beauty treatments such as massages, facials, waxing and gel...
- Hemaxi Beauty Skin Clinic63 Alcester Road SouthB14 7JG Birmingham 0121 293 2303Closed
Beauty Salon treatments and skin clinc: eyebrow threading, body waxing, herbal facials, Indian head massage. Our skin clinic offers 3D Rotational Microdermabrasion to reactivate skin development and...
- Beauty Secrets168 Beeches RdB42 2HN Birmingham 0121 358 8885Closed
Beauty Salon, Hair Removal Service, Weight Loss Centre, Eyelash Salon, Spa Resort, Tanning Salon,...
- Couture Nails of Handsworth Wood7 Millfield RdB20 1EF Birmingham 07340 128903Open
- Opening Times
-
Nail Salon, Beauty Salon
- Less Lines Aesthetics75 Elmdon LaneB37 7DN Birmingham 07724 609473Open
plastic surgery, beauty salon
- Face Studio Clinic273 Hagley RdB16 9NB BirminghamClosed
Plastic Surgery, Beauty Salon, Skin Care Clinic, Medical Clinic
- Freelance Beauty Specialistthird floor Avebury House 55B3 3RB Birmingham 07584 357754Closed
A highly skilled and experienced beauty specialist based within the convenient and bustling part of Birmingham city centre available to cater to your needs.
- Simona's Beauty Studio Ltd37 Fern RdB24 9DA Birmingham 07922 413432Open
Quality Beauty Treatments - Best Prices!
- Asuna Salon83 Bristol RdB5 7TU Birmingham 07931 931966Open
Hair and beauty salon for ladies only Offering all hair services, beauty treatments, massages, party and bridal hair and make up. Provide full privacy for ladies.
Searches related to Beauty Centre Birmingham
Search filters
Companies with:
- Website (185)
- Verified Listings (17)
- Opening Times (227)
- Reviews (24)
Categories:
- Beauty Salons (434)VBAP Table
Hi Group,
This issue I am facing is on R3T that is a testing server.
In the selection screen if I enter a particular user for Created By field (ernam) its taking ages to show the records, and finally its going to time out dump.
Could you share you ideas on this?
Regards,
Kumar.Intersection of economics and politics: a look at the “Big Three”
The American auto industry—led by Chrysler, Ford, and General Motors—has been the target of much criticism for lobbying against National Ambient Air Quality (NAAQ) emissions standards of the Clean Air Act, for lowering Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standards promulgated by the NHTSA, for resisting more stringent auto safety standards, for exploiting economic downturns and the anxieties of policy-makers to prioritize job growth and economic recovery, for relying on and shaping the terms of government bailouts, for benefiting from the government’s seizure of private property through Eminent Domain, and so forth.
Briefly explain one example in which one of the “Big Three” has exerted its economic power to influence politicians in Washington and shape public policies or foreign policies favorable to their particular corporate interests. The following are some questions that should guide your response: (a) what were the stated goals of the executives of the particular corporation you choose,  Chrysler or Ford or GM?
12 responses to “Prompt 4 (Gov’t/Capitalism 2015)”
The Way Out of the Corporate Political Cycle
General Motors has had a long history of lobbying and trying to influence policy making in the Unites States. The corporation has tried to work against environmental policies in the state of Michigan. Republican John D. Dingell Jr. an individual who served in the House of Representatives fought against emission standards and fuel economy standards. Most of his family wealth came from a large amount of stock from General Motors that he obtained through his second wife (Kindy, 2010). This is just one example of an individual in an important political position being influenced by a corporation.
The ability for General Motors to influence the policy making in the United States serves as a big problem not only for individual people, but also for the country as a whole. People lose their voice when these large corporations have the ability to lobby and influence policies in favor of themselves. The reason that we should be concerned is that the efficiency that there corporations have with bringing the economy and politics together is very efficient (Kindel, 2013). General Motors has shown it knows how to manipulate the government into receiving tax cuts or eminent domain to help their corporation.
There are not many ways out there in ways to prevent the interaction between the economy and politics. The corporations out there have been lobbying for more and more money, mainly because they needed to be bailed out. Their risky business practices and poor judgment caused them to almost go bankrupt and call on the government for assistance. One options to combat a major part of the interaction between politics and the economy is to prohibit corporations from lobbying that are receiving money from the Trouble Asset Relief Program (Johnson, 2011). After they received assistance the corporations kept lobbying in favor of raising the TRAP, this meant that taxpayers would have to pay more for these companies paying. That is clearly not a representation of the entire people.
Even though there is evidence supporting that the collaboration of politics and the economy serve to have negative affects there are some positive as well. These companies that support many peoples lives if they failed then many of them would be out of work and no where to go. The amount of employment that some of these corporations still have could only be possible through bailouts and government interference.
Kindy, Kimberly, and Robert E. O’ Harrow Jr. “Dingells and GM Illustrate Limits of Congressional Conflict-of-interest Rules.” Washington Post. 11 Jan. 2010. Web. 23 Feb. 2015.
Kindell, Judith E., and John F. Reilly. “Lobbying Issues.” (n.d.): n. pag. Irs.gov. 5 Aug. 2013. Web. 23 Feb. 2015.
Johnson, Dave. “Stop Corporate Lobbying With Taxpayer Money.” The Huffington Post. 25 May 2011. Web. 24 Feb. 2015.
Good for General Motors is Good for the Country?
Charles Wilson, former president of General Motors turned Secretary of Defense under Eisenhower, once said, “for years I have thought that what was good for the country was good for General Motors, and vice versa” (Zywicki, 1). This state exemplifies the ideology of corporate heads and politicians who once were. They believe that what is good for big business is good for America and all of it’s citizens. That is not the case. Numerous times has big business, whilst expanding or opening new markets, damaged the lives of innocent middle class citizens.
An example being that of Poletown in the suburbs of Detroit. General Motors used Eminent Domain to displace the polish immigrants, which the town was named after, who lived there so the 465-acre area could be demolished and re-developed for a production plant (Safire,1). GM pushed Detroit into an unfavorable position for everyone, except for themselves. They used Detroit’s rising unemployment and declining revenue to get what they wanted, a new plant with a good parking lot. They gave Detroit an ultimatum, either allow them to displace those middle class Americans, destroying their homes, to build plant or General Motors would leave causing Detroit’s future to look even more grim. GM was prepared to shut down at least 2 other plants in the area and move it’s production to cheaper location but causing thousands of working class Americans their jobs. Detroit had no real other choice, either GM gets their way or Detroit loses a huge portion of its auto industry. Detroit leveled the area and sold the it to GM for an estimated net loss of $192 million.
The fear that your private property can be taken away from you under the assumption of Eminent Domain is something no one should have. The broad terms that it can used under, “force private property owners to sell their property for ‘just’ compensation”, can used by big corporations for their profit (Safire, 1). Other big businesses like GM can force working class citizens to sell their homes if they say it is for the better good of the city. The issue being that they are like held accountable if it does not, if the land they take doesn’t hold true to the claims of bettering the city and the populous they face no ramifications. There is no punishment for failing to make their claims and thus people lost their private property, their homes, for no reason other than someone else’s profit.
A system to make sure that corporations come true on their claims needs to be put in place. If corporations make claims that what they are doing is best for the community then they must show down the road that it has, with clear concrete results. They must be held accountable of their claims if they fail and should pay additional compensation to either the city or those who the property was previously owned by. While Eminent Domain is backed by the fifth amendment so is an individuals right to own property. If it is to be taken away from someone it must clear that it is for the benefit of everyone, not just for someone else.
White, Jerry. “The Political Struggle Facing Detroit Teachers.” WsWs.org. N.p., 27 Jan. 2015. Web. 24 Feb. 2015.
Zywicki, Todd. “The Auto Bailout and the Rule of Law.” National Affairs. N.p., 2014. Web. 25 Feb. 2015.
Safire, Willaim. “Poletown Wrecker’s Ball.” New York Times. N.p., 30 Apr. 1981. Web. 24 Feb. 2015.
Response to Tyler
Although I agree with much of what you have stated, I believe that some aspects of the decision, while possibly are immoral, were looked over when making some of these arguments. You have made 3 major points in this post, the first being that corporations may in fact have more power than we realize when it comes to politics. The fact that a former president of a major auto industry is thrown into the world of politics is a cause for concern in itself. How can the people believe that someone with such power will not make decisions based on his “rich” lifestyle, without any regards to the middle class? However, sometimes a decision can be good for both big business and citizens alike. When a corporation is successful, they are able to produce more using less resources because of increasing returns to scale. This drives down the prices, providing the middle and lower classes with cheaper goods. In order to make someone better off, someone else will always be made worse off.
Your second main idea is in regards to matter of “Eminent Domain.” Through this concept, one may have their private property taken away from them if that property will then be used for something that benefits the population as a whole. Although I agree with you that this concept is morally wrong, I also understand that the leaders of our country and communities may have to make sacrifices to better America. When it comes to something such as building a GM factory and displacing hundreds of residents, the line between justifiable sacrifice and outright wrong becomes hazy. Robin Pannecouk, the spokewoman of the plant, said, “Everyone here in the plant calls it Detroit-Hamtramck, not Poletown,” expressing that Poletown was a name filled with emotion, whereas Detroit-Hamtramck is the official name of the area. If the residents can get over their emotional ties to this property and are compensated for the displacement, then why should this be a problem at all? From a completely logical standpoint, this decision may almost seem like a good one. However, I can’t help but to agree that forcing residents to move will almost never be a justifiable action.
Lastly, you argue that there needs to be a better system in play where corporations are forced to be responsible for their actions, since they claim that what they are doing is better for the community. If they fail to meet these expectations, then they should be held accountable for any relative loss, whether that be the amount of jobs they provided, income they brought to the city, or homes they destroyed to create a plant. In a static world, this idea would be easily attainable. However nothing can ever be concrete in the business world, so we will never be able to truly tell how much anyone owes. The economy is a place where one must takes risks, and therefore many will fail, even if failure means hurting many citizens of the community.
Risen, James. “Poletown Becomes Just a Memory : GM Plant Opens, Replacing Old Detroit Neighborhood.” Los Angeles Times. Sept 18, 1985
Patterson, Robert. “Whatever happened to the “America” in “corporate America”?” National Review. July 1, 2013
A Key American Asset
Response to Tyler
Well I would not say that “what was good for the country was good for General Motors, and visa versa” is strictly true, but what I would say is that what’s good for General Motors is what’s necessary for the country. Now it could be argued that the rise of super large corporations that are too big to fail has created inefficacies in the American economy, but I feel that in this case that is beside the point. The auto industry is a significant asset for the country, a sector that provides security and wellbeing to us all, and it is something that we should go out of our way to protect, even if in reality that means protecting the interests of a few giant corporations.
Maintaining our domestic production of autos is a significant military asset as well. The same factories that produce cars now can produce tanks and army trucks in the event of a war, just as they did during the world wars. A pamphlet from 1942 called The Job is being done explains this process, and claims that at the start of the war the auto industry was assigned to produce ¾ of the aircraft engines, 1/3 of the machine guns, 2/5 of the tanks, ½ of the diesel engines, and all military trucks used in the war effort. If auto manufacturing plants move abroad then we will lose the capacity to repeat this effort in the event of another major war. (And some other country will gain this capacity.) As an asset contributing to America’s military strength the auto industry must be protected and incentivized to remain domestic, even if that means giving the major manufacturers preferential treatment from the government.
The auto industry is also a major US interest just for economic reasons. Manufacturing is a critical part of the American economy. According to an article from whitehouse.gov, the manufacturing sector in America by itself would still be in the top ten largest economies in the world. A sector that employs so many people and builds up the wealth of the nation is certainly worth protecting and helping even at public expense. Now the tactics of General Motors in the Poletown case were underhanded, but I feel that those concerns were outweighed by the massive economic and security benefits of keeping manufacturing domestic. To prevent a future incident of a similar nature I would suggest changing the constitutional standards for eminent domain rather than coming after the corporations which will alienate them and cause them to be more likely to outsource.
Automotive Council for War Production. The Job is being done. Public Relations Department, Detroit, Mich. June, 1942. Found on: The U.S. / American Automobile Industry in World War Two.
Rescuing the American Auto Industry. Whitehouse.gov, June 2011. Author unknown. Found on: Whitehouse.gov.- auto-industry
Winning With Integrity
Wining with integrity is the employee code of conduct motto for General Motors, a nice sentiment but rather questionable especially in light of GM’s distant and recent history. While a value like integrity can always be debated it was clear that in 2009 GM was clearly not winning, in June it had declared bankruptcy and in response to its needs the U.S. government gave GM about a $50 billion dollar bailout (Reuters, 2014 ). When most business fail and go bankrupt that is the end of the line, however in the case of GM with the political influence it economic size has afforded it bankruptcy just means tax money. GM Has claimed that this bailout had saved millions of jobs, that it is now making a profit, creating jobs, and paying taxes even though taxpayers lost about $11 billion on the bailout (Spangler, 2013). In the end perhaps General Motors is winning or at least not losing, the systems that have been created around these industries that are too big to fail have undermined capitalism and democracy.
Corporations that get too big to fail don’t do so in competitive environment, it is the failures of capitalism that creates these public liabilities. It is the duty of any government that would call itself capitalistic to regulate corporations and industries so that the market failures that create such monstrous corporations can be corrected. If this vital role of government is ignored for short term gains all will lose in the end. Any interest group or corporation that can with such extreme disproportion influence public policy is a problem; it is the duty of any government that would call itself democratic to give equal representation to all parts of society. While business is a part of the nation and deserves to be herd if government is being forced by business to finance their mistakes something has gone wrong.
To decrease corporate power in Washington it is necessary to reduce corporate power over the economy, in other words not more corporations that are too big to fail. How to break up corporations would most likely very from industry to industry but the bottom line is that through regulation make big business uneconomical. An example of regulations making big business uneconomical leading to the breakdown of big business can be seen in new regulations of the financial industry (Popper and Eavis, 2015). If capitalism is here to stay in the United States than let’s do it right, no more business that are too big to fail, no more tax money lost to prop up a failed corporation.
Popper, Nathaniel and Eavis, Peter. “New Rules Spur a Humbling Overhaul of Wall St. Banks.” New York Times. 19 Feb. 2015. Web. 25 Feb. 2015.
Reuters. “ U.S. Government Says It Lost $11.2 Billion on GM Bailout.” New York Times. 30, Apr. 2014. Web. 24 Feb. 2015.
Spangler, Todd. “Should GM Repay $10B Rescue Cost? CEO Says No.” USA Today. 17, Dec. 2013. Web. 24 Feb. 2015.
Bankruptcy is the Correct Way to Deal with Large Corporations
Response to Grant
I agree with much of the position that Grant takes on this subject. Big businesses that are “too big to fail” are harmful in our capitalistic economy. For instance, the purposes behind government passed legislation such as anti-trust laws are to prevent corporations from having too much power in any one market, and to promote competition. While this may appear to be a good policy for preventing businesses from getting too large, the policy is not extensive enough. We often fail to consider the massive amount of power a corporation is given when it crosses the ‘line’ and is classified as too big to fail. This classification provides a safety net for corporations to engage in unsafe and risky business practices, and if these risks don’t pay off, they simply get a massive bail out from the government to make up for their mistakes. In an article from CNN, Jeffery Miron states that “a bailout transfers enormous wealth from taxpayers to those who knowingly engaged in risky subprime lending. Thus, the bailout encourages companies to take large, imprudent risks and count on getting bailed out by government.” (CNN, 2008) As stated earlier, this point that Miron makes only helps to reaffirm the idea that corporations who engage in such risky practices and end up going bankrupt for it, should be allowed to go bankrupt instead of being bailed out. Now, an objection that a lot of people would argue, is that allowing such a large corporation to fail would put hundreds or thousands of people out of work. But herein lies the problem. If a company is so large that when it fails, it makes an impact on the national economy that causes severe and lasting damage such as massive loss of work and GDP, a corporation this large should not have even existed in the first place. The anti-trust measures need to take effect much sooner than when a company finds itself in a state of bankruptcy.
For example, a company such as GM that was on the brink of bankruptcy for poor business practices ended up receiving a $50 billion bailout from the government in 2009. In a survey taken by the National Legal and Policy Center, it said “60 percent of respondents said that the fact GM had taken bailout money would influence their decision on what brand of truck to buy next.” (Forbes, 2013) This type of thinking makes a huge impact on the automobile market, considering a majority of buyers are bothered by the fact that GM was doing so poorly, it needed to be bailed out. Clearly there was a problem with the way GM was running its business. There should be no reason for $50 billion of taxpayer money to be spent on a company that has a negative stigma associated with it. Therefore with a revision on anti-trust policy, many of these complications could be averted before they even begin.
Flows, Capital. “The Government’s Bailout Of General Motors Is Strangling GM.” Forbes. 14 Nov. 2013. Web. 26 Feb. 2015.
Miron, Jefferey. “Commentary: Bankruptcy, Not Bailout, Is the Right Answer.” CNN. 29 Sept. 2008. Web. 26 Feb. 2015.
Much Influence – and Pay – for the Few
Response to Grant
In evaluating Grant’s position that corporations too big to fail should not be allowed to exist, I find that Grant’s analysis is correct. Large corporations in the United States have undue influence and power. Grant argues that such corporations should be allowed to fail.
It is first important to note that it is possible that there are benefits to having large corporations. They do supply the economy with a larger number of jobs – according to some figures, the Big Three accounted for 10% of US jobs in years before the financial crisis, if including jobs that depending on the production of cars as well as the jobs which actually produced those cars (Rampell 2008: 1). However, this is not a reason why these corporations should be granted undue influence on public policy, since they already have much influence over the employment of many Americans.
It is also notable that, the General Motors bailout likely did prevent the economy from collapsing. Even if not all 10% of the jobs which the Big Three was responsible for was actually a job in manufacturing cars, Rampell explains that there was still enough interconnectedness that, had the government not bailed out GM, there would have been serious ripple effects (Rampell 2008: 1). It is possible to argue, then, that the General Motors bailout was done out of necessity for the public – GM’s influence on the government and even on the president was influence drawn from their great importance to the American economy and, therefore, the American people.
However, this view just doesn’t seem to sit right when one examines the income of General Motors executives in the years surrounding the bailouts. Even as the crisis was beginning to mount, GM executives were accepting salary raises in the millions (Bailey 2008: 1). The bailout, then, supported General Motors much more than it supported the actual American people.
Additionally, it is interesting to note that the controversy around General Motors has not been eradicated in the last few years. In explaining how General Motors has recently been under trial for faulty ignition switches in 2005-2007 Chevy Cobalts, Jenkins argues that we can now see that the events of bailout and bankruptcy did not bring forth a new GM (Jenkins 2014: 1). This is because the company had enough influence to not have to undergo the crisis in such a way as a normal company would have to. Rather, the bailout was “little more than the government buying GM with taxpayer money and giving it to the UAW” (Jenkins 2014: 1). This is consistent with Grant’s idea that the bailout was an unjust use of taxpayer money.
Overall, then, I find that Grant’s evaluation is accurate. Although when they sought bailouts they did end up saving many jobs, it is only because of their undue influence that they affected so many jobs to being with. Furthermore, the bailout did little to reform that reality, and in fact perhaps perpetuates it.
Bailey, David. “GM’s CEO Compensation Jumps 64 Percent in 2007.” Reuters. April 25, 2008. Accessed February 26, 2015.
Jenkins, Holman W. “In Defense of ‘Old General Motors.’” Wall Street Journal. April 4, 2014. Accessed February 26 2015.
Rampell, Catherine. “How many Jobs Depend on the Big Three?” New York Times. November 17, 2008. Accessed February 26, 2015.
Response to Grant
Although it is true that the government has the responsibility to a certain extent to ensure that these large corporations do not fail in order to keep a healthy economy, I would have to contest the point that when they neglect this duty capitalism fails. In regards to the government constantly monitoring cooperation’s its noted that the bailouts of Chrysler and General Motors prove to be, “Far from a success story, the events surrounding the bailouts offer a cautionary tale of executive overreach.” (Zywicki, 1) With the government so heavily involved there is a large chance that there could be a backfire leaving the economy and companies very vulnerable. With bailouts designed to preserve negligent companies comes at the price of taxpayers and other banks.
This notion of government supervision of companies grants them too much power. Allowing the government to bail out various companies of their choosing presents them with the power of picking what cooperation’s will survive economic hardship. Companies such as General Motors who have strong ties to the government are able to stay afloat because of the bailouts they know they will receive because of the power they hold.
The issue of dependency on the government also comes into play. General Motors experiencing large amounts of recall assume they have the government rapped around their finger and can recieve help once again. This past week, “lawyers representing the reborn, and profitable, G.M. were back in Judge Gerber’s Manhattan courtroom seeking his assistance once again.” (Stout 1) With the government preforming bailouts like so can cause preferential and expected treatment that in turn can inevitable dismantle the system of capitalism all together.
There needs to be a government presence to protect basic rights, such as property rights. However, there needs to be a clear line as to when they begin to overstep their boundaries and create an instable economy. Restriction need to not only be in place, but also upheld.
Stout, Hilary. “Judge Hears Arguments Over G.M.’s Exposure to Recall Suits.” New York Times. 17 Feb. 2015. Web. 26 Feb. 2015.
“The Auto Bailout and the Rule of Law Publications National Affairs.” The Auto Bailout and the Rule of Law Publications National Affairs. N.p., n.d. Web. 26 Feb. 2015.
General Motors’ Influences and their Repeated Mistake
General Motors (GM) was the automotive company which benefitted most from the 2008-2009 Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), where they received around $49.5 billion from the Automotive Industry Financing Program and other forms of loans (Woodyard 2013). As a modern-day parallel to Chrysler’s potential collapse in 1979, two of the “big three” U.S. car companies, GM and Chrysler (once again), were faced with potential failure in 2008.
GM’s goal was to recover from its massive losses over the last few years, which would consequentially save the United States’ economy from collapsing on top of a “Great Recession” due to the auto industry’s great influence in the American market, similar to what Chrysler had argued in 1979. GM was vulnerable unless they merged with another company, sold their assets, or received government assistance (Gow 2008). They were most accepting of the bailout in 2009 (rather than merging with Chrysler or Ford to create a monopoly force), taking loans which have since been mostly paid back. GM’s executives were able to take advantage of “the current state of the economy and credit markets,” which “left [President Bush] no choice but to act,” (Isidore 2008). In this situation the automotive companies bypassed influencing policy-makers in Congress and went straight to the President, backing him and his successor into a corner where they were unable to let the industry collapse. Average Americans were affected when their tax money was used to purchase around 61% or 500 million shares from GM (Healey 2013), and they had no say even in whether or not the bailout should go through.
The idea of a large corporation having the ability to directly influence a presidential administration to back a bailout opposed by Congress seems to be morally unacceptable on at least some level. There was no consultation of American citizens when the appeals were made, as mentioned above. One concern here is that this tax money could have been spent on anything else because the bankruptcy was not avoided, and not long after the bailout it was assumed that GM would file for bankruptcy yet again (Woodhill 2012: p. 1). If this had happened, there would have been massive losses that could not have been recovered quickly. I believe there is a problem when they are allowed to exploit the situation of the national economy to recover from a potentially bad situation. However to counter this notion it is impossible to know whether or not the bailout had a definite impact on the company, as mentioned in the Luger reading (Luger 2000). This uncertainty could be the driving force in the fact that the federal government actually went along with fulfilling the corporations’ requests. In this, it becomes hard to believe that their influence can be prevented. It may be worth it to let a large car corporation fail after going bankrupt, since it has still been prevented over the years and it may not have the impact the executives predict in each situation.
Gow, David. “We’ll go bust without bail-out or merger, says General Motors.” The Guardian. 7 November 2008. Date of access 24 February 2015.
Healey, James. “Government sells last of its GM shares.” <em.USA Today. 10 December 2013. Date of access 23 February 2015.
Isidore, Chris. “Bush announces auto rescue.” CNN Money. 19 December 2008. Date of access 23 February 2015.
Luger, Stan. Corporate Power, American Democracy, and the Automobile Industry. University of Cambridge, 2000. Print.
Woodhill, Louis. “Save General Motors From Bankruptcy, Vote For Mitt Romney.” Forbes. 31 October 2012. Date of access 24 February 2015.
Woodyard, Chris. “GM bailout played out over five years.” USA Today. 9 December 2013. Date of access 24 February 2015.
The so called ‘Big Three’ have been plying their way around US regulations such as the NAAQ, CAFE, and other safety standards as early as the 1980’s, when the US Government proposed that all vehicles be equipped with seat belts. (O’Malley) Another fine example of the auto industry’s resistance to consumer safety standards (as discussed in class), was the 1968 proposition to have airbags installed in every new vehicle. Through extensive lobbying efforts, the ‘Big Three’ were able to table these standards until 1996! One wonders just how many lives could have been saved within 30 years of airbag-less car accidents. The underlying goals of lobbying against these standards are obviously to reduce production costs of vehicles, however, as a cover, auto manufacturers were attempting to protect their customers from getting tickets for not wearing seat belts. (O’Malley) As an alternative, the auto industry accepted that if 80% of the population were covered under the mandatory seat belt law, then the mandatory airbag standard could be put off indefinitely. (O’Malley) Thus, to get mandatory seat belt laws passed in 80% of the states, auto makers launched a $100 million dollar campaign, just to wiggle their way out of air bag standards. The cost to the average American; possible death in a motor vehicle accident that lacked air bags.
In my own personal opinion, I truly believe that it is downright wrong for the auto industry to influence policy makers with their money. In 2009, Chrysler spent $3 million on lobbying efforts, however, that same year the auto industry received an $80 billion dollar bailout! (Opensecrets.org) The auto industry is essentially spending tax payer dollars on influencing public policy in such a way that is detrimental to the average American. I also believe that it is entirely wrong for the auto industry to skate safety standards that put American lives at risk, just to make a fraction of a dollar more in profit. Something must change; economics and politics should be two completely separate entities. Although this would be nearly impossible to accomplish, I believe that large firms like these are not ‘people,’ and should not be able to make political campaign donations in effort to sway policy makers. The only plausible way to restrict lobbying is to impose laws that only allow for ‘ethical lobbying practices’ as I discussed in the previous blog critique. Public safety should come before the dollar.
O’Malley, Patrick. “The Onslaught Continues.” Motorists.org. Web. Feb. 25, 2015.
“Annual Lobbying by Chrysler Group.” Opensecrets.org. Web. Feb 25, 2015.
The Revolving ATM
The American Auto industry is one of the few business’ that can be labeled as political activists. The auto industry spends close to $50 million dollars a year on congress alone (Attkisson, Sharyl). During 2008 GM and Ford gave close to 3 million dollars to three representatives to advocate for a federal bailout for there respective corporations.
The time was tough America hadn’t seen a financial collapse like this since the early 30’s. The area being hit the hardest was Detroit, the epicenter of American Auto, an essential area for the success of our country. GM and Fords assets and capital were plummeting; their inefficient gas-guzzlers were not selling to the market demand of fuel-efficient vehicles. One of the representatives that were given an absurd amount of money to lobby for the bailout of Detroit was congressman John Dingell. Dingell actually had so much capital in Ford that if they tanked then he would loose a major chunk of cash. In the early 2000’s Dingells’ GM assets in stock options were worth around 5 million dollars (Attiksson, Sharyl).
So it is easy to see the large influence that big auto has over different sections of the government. How about their public policy and political action power in the American public, does the spending compare to lobbying of government officials? Well before the bail out Ford Motors spent 7.3 million dollars on advertising and public fairs to motivate people to get behind their need for a buy out. While GM spent 8.7 million, both were one and two respectively in this category. This was a quote from GM’s Director, Greg Martin, “We believe we have an obligation to remain engaged at the federal and state levels and to have our voice heard in the policymaking process,” Martine continued, “It’s important that we keep and open and constructive dialog on important issues like franchise laws, environmental issues, and taxation”(Ransom, Kevin). That is the head of GM telling the American public that it is his company’s duty to participate in political action. This participation is what lead to GM and Ford successfully receiving their bailout in 2010.
Ransom, Kevin, “How the Car Companies Lobby the Government: Millions Spent, But the Message Is Changing”, Autoblog, May 7th, 2010,
Attkisson, Sharyl, “Big Three Spending Million On Lobbying”, CBS, December 3, 2008,
Sacrificing SUV’s for Clean Air
General Motors is a massive global corporation that develops domestic auto models such as Buick, Cadillac and Chevrolet. Last year GM spent a total of 8,510,000 USD on lobbying and opposing several congressional bills. Many of these bill are aimed at reducing carbon emissions and air pollution in the U.S (4) and in general propose policies that will most likely result in the multi-billion dollar corporation having a sharp decrease in annual revenue. One act that the company opposed is a proposal from California that aims at imposing a 62 miles per gallon efficiency standard by the year 2025. This is the most expensive regulation that auto corporations face. Regarding this proposal, Auto companies in 2011 agreed to a set miles per gallon standard of 54.5 miles (2). Auto companies like General Motors want lower MPG standards because auto products such as SUV and trucks are unable to be that fuel efficient and as a result would be removed from the market. (3) It will cost auto companies a large chunk of the annual revenue if they were to remove an entire product line from being legally used. GM for example is willing to compromise at 54.5 MPG for 2025 as that standard is more realistically achievable and would give auto companies more time to develop the technology necessary. General Motors has joined with other auto companies like Ford and Toyota to lobby against the MPG standard from being increased. (1)
My opinion on the issue is that this is a problem. These corporations who’s only incentive is profit making will continue to lobby against any bill that imposes expensive costs on them and unfortunately for us, the bills that have the best benefits for humanity are also the most expensive ones and thus unlikely to be agreed upon by auto companies. And even though the CAFE standard compromise is relatively high for 2025, who knows if these corporations will even follow through with their agreement 11 years from now. These corporations will continue to lobby for as long as these corporations are in existence. And as a result issues such as pollution will be an issue that wont be resolved in the near future. If we want to actively reduce carbon emissions, whether its through the Clean Air Act or reducing CAFE standards, corporations must be stripped of their power to influence politics.
“GM Revs Up Its Lobbying.” WSJ. N.p., n.d. Web. 27 Feb. 2015. .
“Automakers Agree to 54 MPG Standard.” CBSNews. CBS Interactive, n.d. Web. 27 Feb. 2015.
Allen, Alexandra. “The Auto’s Assault on the Atmosphere.” Web blog post. Multi National Monitor. N.p., n.d. Web. .
“General Motors.” Opensecrets RSS. N.p., n.d. Web. 27 Feb. 2015.Discover The Hidden Gems of Lowestoft Summer FestivalLowestoft Summer Festival
Lowestoft's first ever Summer Festival kicks off this Friday!
This exciting weekend of Summer activities has many events lined up and we have put together the below guide to make sure you do not miss out on some of the hidden gems of this weekend!
Sports on the Green - Saturday 18th July 10AM - 4PM
Come along to Royal Green in Lowestoft and take part in our Sports on The Green! We have a range of sports demonstrations, coaching from professionals all on a giant inflatable pitch on Lowestoft Royal Green. We even have a guest appearance and performance from the Great Britain Handball Team!
Their is something for all the family with bouncy castles, childrens entertainers and even some good ole fashion Seafront Donkey Rides!
Sandcastle Record Attempt - Saturday 18th July 6PM - 7PM
Be part of history as Lowestoft Attempts to break the record for the most sandcastles built within one hour! Grab your buckets, spades, shovels, and head down to Lowestoft South beach to help be part of this exciting event!
Each sandcastle must measure 2ft x 2ft and have at least 4 turrets! Each castle will be inspected by an official adjudicator! So bring along your family, friends, neighbours, we need all hands to the deck for this one!
Parade on the Prom! - Promenade - Sunday 19th July 2:30PM - 4PM
This fantastic event which has attracted bands, dance groups, local mascots and even a life size elephant puppet these wide range of moving displays will be walking along lowestoft seafront.
The seafront will be lined with people to try and catch a glimpse of these exciting displays! The parade will assemble in Kensington road and move off at 2pm to travel along the seafront and finally finishing on Royal Green!
People are also encouraged to take part in this event by dressing up in Fancy Dress and prizes will be given to the winners!
Sandcastle Building Competition - South Beach - Sunday 19th July 10AM - 1PM
We need Businesses and Families to team up and make the most spectacular SandCastle. We are talking a castle that King Arthur would have been proud to call his home!
Don't fancy building a Sandcastle? We are also looking for the best Sand Sculpture! So grab your spades and the nearest architect and get yourself down Lowestoft Beach!
Cash prizes of £75, £50, and £25 will be given out to the winners. Entry is £10 per team for families and £25 for Businesses.
Still want more?
As well as these hidden gems we have the Lowestoft Street Velodrome, Heritage Ships open weekend, Car Rally, Model Aircraft display and much more...
So come along and lets help make the Lowestoft Summer Festival an Annual event in which we can all be proud to be a part of!
NEWS Kenyan Man dies in Qatar, family seeks help to take body back Diaspora Messenger Oct 25, 2018 0 An offer from a friend to help 23-year-old Dennis Araka find a job in Qatar in the Middle East and relieve his family out of poverty appeared to have been a ticket to hell.I’d like to start this article with a personal, but brutal honest opinion: I don’t know why isn’t HammerFall as popular as Metallica or Iron Maiden. They should be playing in arenas! They have the whole package for that. But okay, move on… On 24th of October HammerFall showed us what’s the real heavy metal! Before their performance in Budapest, I had an opportunity to ask a few questions from the voice of the Swedish band, Joacim Cans.
However, I arrived 15 minutes before the scheduled time we could start the interview immediately because Joacim just came back his usual sightrunning ritual. “When I’m not on tour I’m trying to run around 30 kilometers per week. I either run outdoors or go to the gym and I do intervals. So, I’ve been doing this now for 5 years or a bit longer. On tour, it’s sometimes… You know, hard to get up in the morning and go running.
Today I ran almost 11 kilometers along the river and across a couple of bridges and back.
There’s so much energy on stage – it’s kind of a workout what we are doing on stage, but I’m trying to keep up the pace also running on tour. It’s called sightrunning – it’s kind of a sightseeing just you are running. I just check a map, like „okay, I’m gonna run here” and then I allow myself to get lost. And if I can see a nice scenery I stop there, take a selfie and I keep running.
I’ve been 85% vegan for many years, but I can’t live without cheese, and I have to have egg and butter. Apart from them, it’s all vegetarian, mostly vegan. But from time to time I eat fish and seafood.
This started… Let me see here… I think it will be five years in January. It started earlier when I started to eat only certified meats. It’s much more expensive but I wanted to make sure that the cow was a cow until the end. But after while I just said no… I stopped eating meat because my body doesn’t need it, and when I took away all the meat I felt so much better.”
Did you know that Joacim was also part of the Swedish Junior Swimming National Team? Well, it’s surprising but true however he gave up his sports career at age 16. What led him to make this decision? “I failed to qualify to the European Championships with 0.36 seconds. That was my last year as a junior, and the next step was being a senior and I would have 5-6 years of hard training. And I just picked up the guitar a bit – and I didn’t really feel like it anymore. So I quit. But, in between – when I quit I was sixteen, and when I start to run I was 42 or 43 – I didn’t do anything. I was much bigger also. 5 years ago I was almost 15 kilos heavier.
I thought that it’s just too boring. But when I picked up running I realized: this is my way for meditation…
You just stop thinking, you just go straight, you know. So, your mind is sorting out things… I call it that the mind is filing things. Just put everything in the right spot. And I don’t have to do anything about it. For me, it’s like a religious thing, even though I’m not a religious person. So, running is good for you.
Well, my biggest dream is to do a triathlon. Yeah, that is something I really want. I have the swimming. I have the running part also. It’s the cycling part what I don’t really have. Maybe I should do a little cycling on the side, go swimming from time to time and then do a short triathlon. I think that is something I want to try. My next race is a half marathon in May, but I really wanna do the full marathon and one day I wanna do the ultra also. I have the vision that one day I will do something really long.”
Well, we are talking about heavy metal and sports – and Iron Man (or at least I think) fits in. So I asked Joacim: is he planning to attend Iron Man as well? “I think Iron Man is way too long, especially you have to swim for 3500 meters, you are on a bike for 200 kilometers, and then you have to run a marathon… You know what? Why not? I think it would be cool! But maybe I’m too old and I should have done that 20 years ago. You know, my knees are hurting, my feet are hurting, everything is hurting in this body.”
Hammer High!
Even though it’s always great to see another side of a successful musician, it was time to talk about music. A few years back HammerFall released their eighth studio album under the name “Infected“. If you take a look at the tracklist you can find a song “Send me a sign” which is actually a Pokolgép cover – and it also has a Hungarian version!
“That was really hard, to be honest with you.
I had a friend of mine who translate the lyrics into Swedish so I just have gotten an idea what it was all about. Then I listened to the song, and I listened to how he sang the Hungarian words, and I wrote it down the way I thought it was. So I just came up with weird words and I just stood there and sang. I could never memorize those words. The chorus was easy to remember, but the rest was hard. Hungarian is a tough language.
Q: -Have you ever performed this song in live?
A: -We did once together with Pokolgép, I was on the stage and sang the song with them.
In September Joacim worked as a radio host for 4 weeks. How did that idea come to his mind and how did he feel as a radio host? And is he planning to do an own radio show just as the Sepultura guitarist, Andreas Kisser does? “I’ve been doing radio from time to time and I got a chance to do a full month when the regular host went on tour – it’s the keyboard player and the drummer from Europe. So I took over their job. I would love to continue doing something like that this absolutely, but unfortunately, at that station there’s no opening position at the moment. But maybe in the future I can do it once a week, or something.
Joacim was 11 years old when he ‘met’ heavy metal music for the first time – what was the moment when he decided that he want to be a professional musician? And what would be, if he couldn’t do it? “Well, that’s a good question. I started to sing very-very late and I had some bands from time to time. I was 18 when I just quit music because I thought that that’s really not for me. My guitar playing skills were really bad, then I started to sing again when I was around 21.
At age 23 I didn’t have anything that kept me in Sweden. I didn’t have a job, I didn’t have a girlfriend, I didn’t have anything, so I thought: let’s go to Hollywood!
So I applied for music school and I was rolled – I just wanted to give myself a treat. Like: let’s see how good I can be at singing after one year at this school. I came back home then, I was 24… You know, there were some bands here and there, but I said nah… Heavy Metal was not really happening, and I wanted to see metal. But when I was 26 I got contact with Jesper Strömblad and Oscar Dronjak because they already formed HammerFall.
I decided I help them out for one show, that was the idea. And all of the sudden everything just changed. My life totally changed.
Of course, I had that crazy dream that I wanna go on tour, I wanna be in a successful metal band, but I never thought that I have the ability to actually do it. And this was just like a big bonus and happened like wow! I’m a professional musician now. Unbelievable! If I wouldn’t…. I’m pathetic… I don’t know. I have no idea! I was working in a record store before I went on my first tour, and I loved being there! I would probably stay there until they had to close it down and I probably stayed in the same department store because I don’t have a university degree or anything like that. And I would probably be pretty fat. I think.”
In a recent interview, Joacim said that at the beginning of his singing career he wanted to sound like someone else. So how long it took for him to find his own voice? “I think everything is a learning experience. You learn by doing and listening. You need to be inspired by other singers of course. I think I started to develop my voice a couple years before the first album with HammerFall, but when we released the first album I was still in the process of finding the true me. And I would say in the past 8 years I kinda know where and who I am! So I think now I know exactly what my voice is all about.
So if you listened to the last 3 albums, I was much more confident as a singer, because I know my limits.
And I think that is very important. So you don’t go out and bounce all the time. Stay within your frame and know how to control your voice.
In the beginning… No one want to be a singer anyways when you’re a kid, because everyone wants to play guitar, bass, drums. Guitar players practice and practice as so the drummers practice, the bass player practice. But the singers… They don’t practice. Never.
So it takes longer for a singer to really find his voice. And since everyone is unique you should never tried to copy anyone else. Influence – yes. Copy – no! There’s so many really good singers out there but they don’t have what it takes.
Every part of your life, every year in your life is so unique. I mean I think life itself is a challenge, but you just need to learn by your mistakes and just move on and don’t repeat these mistakes. I think the biggest challenge is for everyone just try let go of things that you can’t really do anything about and move on.
I think it’s sometimes really hard to let things go because you got stuck in them.
Maybe my biggest challenge was that a lot of my friends turned 40-45 years old and they all became really fat. All the guys, all of them. And I told myself that I will not look like that when I’m 45, I’m gonna give myself the best treat ever! And I think that was the challenge, to change lifestyle. And I did. And I do not look like them. I’m in a better shape now when I was 20. So I think I challenged myself to change my lifestyle. And I managed to do that and that was the biggest challenge of my life.”
The Swedish Heavy Metal Templars, HAMMERFALL announced the 20-year anniversary reissue of their second album Legacy Of Kings as 2-CD/DVD boxset, out on December, 7th. Click the photo below and get your copy now!
Don’t forget to check out the full gallery of HammerFall gig at Barba Negra.
Interview: Afrodite Szeleczky
Photos: Péter Tepliczky
2 thoughts on ““I think everything is a learning experience” – exclusive interview with Joacim Cans from HammerFall”
Beautiful interview , great work !
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you very much! 🙂El Mon El Monte, CA contractors to help you save time.
El Monte, CA Radon Mitigation
Click the link below to search for El Monte, CA radon mitigation contractors.
Find California Radon Mitigation Contractors here
El Monte, CA Radon Testing
Click the link below to search for El Monte, CA radon testing contractors.
Find California Radon Testing Contractors here
El Monte, California Radon Levels
El Monte, CA resides in a county which has been assigned a moderate risk zone by the EPA. It is recommended your home business or be tested for elevated levels for radon. Radon levels in the 91731 zip code have also been given a moderate assessment.
El Monte, California Radon Information
El Monte, CA and the 91731. El Monte is located in a moderate risk area of the country. However, with any household or business, regardless of Radon Zone, it is suggested your home be tested for unsafe levels of radon.Monde Nissin Corporation
5 Pages
0 Downloads
Words: 1519
Date added: 17-09-22
Type: Argumentative essay
Level: high-school
Category: Advertising Essay
I.. Objectives • To know the process of making noodles. • To determine how strong and competitive they are in the market. • To determine whether instant noodles is healthy for us or not. II. *THE PROCESSING OF THEIR PRODUCTS During our visit in LuckyMe! Noodle Factory we learn the process of making noodles. Monde Nissin’s processing and manufacturing facilities are efficient and dependable. Here, quality biscuits are processed, packed and sealed. Systems are constantly studied and improved. Computers help to minimize waste and maximize productivity. People are trained to maintain hygiene and safety on the job. Checks are done to assure product quality. The manufacturing plant is ISO-9001-2000 certified. High impact advertising and promotions build strong market base. An efficient distribution ensures product availability nationwide. All this to fulfill the company thrust to build strong and powerful brands. *LUCKYME! ’S COMPETITIVENESS IN THE MARKET. Instant noodles have become a norm in Filipino’s daily life because of its affordability and taste. The leading brand in the country is the LuckyMe!. Everyday the company produces over 6 million of many varieties of noodles. The brand LuckyMe! Has a high impact to Filipino consumers, they always maintain the good quality of their products which is one reason why most consumers purchase their products. But what makes LuckyMe the leading brand of noodles in the country is because of its high impact advertising and promotions. Popular actors and actresses, who endorse the company’s products, help the company to get huge sales in the market. They are good in doing commercials; they know how to catch the attention of viewers. Their advertising and promotions are very effective to Filipino consumers and because of these the company has built a strong market base. *ARE INSTANT NOODLES BAD FOR US? When you say instant noodles the first word that you will think is “PRESERVATIVES”. LuckyMe! Add preservatives during processing to keep noodles fresh. There are two kinds of preservatives the Natural and the Artificial, and LuckyMe is using only Natural preservatives. But what is the difference between the two? The main difference is that the natural preservative is found in and made by nature, while the artificial is synthetically derived in or man-made. Are preservatives bad? Studies show that preservatives are not bad for us. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) classified preservatives as a GRAS (generally recognized as safe) ingredient and have been using for centuries to help the food we eat as safe as possible. LuckyMe! Use only natural preservatives in the form of mixed tocopherols. Natural mixed tocopherols help keep it fresh and maybe sourced from nuts, cereals, soybeans, grapes seeds among others. They are most internationally accepted preservative for instant noodles. Instant noodles have really become a norm in our society. Busy people, who don’t have time to prepare healthy meals, buy instant noodles because it is very easy to prepare, and because of its taste and most of them are office workers and college students. Eating too much noodles is bad for us because that only means that you are risking your health. Even though the FDA classified preservatives as safe to eat, instant noodles are still not healthy for us. Just look at the label, it is high in calories and carbohydrates. In our own opinion, instant noodles are not healthy because of the preservatives and the ingredients it contains. We are not saying that we should stop eating noodles. There is nothing wrong in eating instant noodles, however we should eat it in moderation, we shouldn’t eat too much of it and we should complement it with a variety of food to make up a holistic balance diet.  noodles itself help ts financial status to be stable, to survive amidst of global financial crisis, that we can observe very rare on this time. *LUCKY ME VERSUS STAPLE FOODS Nowadays, some people enjoy eating instant foods like noodles, others wants staple foods like rice, corn, camote and cereals. As we know Lucky Me instant noodles is very well-known even when we have a staple foods, likewise if we try to observe most employees, students, professionals and non-professionals enjoy eating Lucky Me instant noodles because it is affordable and it is not time consuming. In this regard, Lucky Me instant noodles, although it is prone to some illnesses like cancer, kidney problem, still consistent to be popular than the staple foods. But in our own opinion, it’s not healthy for us to replace rice with instant noodles. Rice is our staple, and instant noodles as we said are not healthy for us because of the preservatives and other ingredients it contains, but we cannot make people to stop eating instant foods, especially noodles, others are so busy with their jobs and in schools that they don’t have time to prepare a meal. IV. Lucky Me produces good products, somehow there are things that as a consumer expect more from them but unfortunately this expectations are not given attention. There are some recommendation/suggestion we want to share all about Lucky Me through observation that we think might help them to get more market share than to their competitors: PACKAGING From the start up to this time, we cannot see any changes in the packaging of Lucky Me, specifically the dry and wet noodles. As we observe it, it was made from plastic and also the seasoning. As a consumer, as a suggestion, why don’t they replace it, make it more attractive because as we can see their packaging compared to their direct competitors is almost the same. To make it environmental –friendly product, why don’t they lessen the plastic, change it to a hard paper fit to the product except to the liquid seasoning, so from that they can also lessen the bulking of junk in our society. COMPLETENESS OF THE PRODUCT The word completeness is very necessary in Lucky Me product, specifically the instant noodles, it has seasoning. But sometimes as a consumer we observe that some seasonings are missing. So, as a recommendation, why don’t they focus on assuring that their products are complete to ensure that the consumer will be satisfied. III. LuckyMe! Is the leading brand of noodles in the country. Their advertising and promotions made them no. 1 among other brands of noodles. During processing of their products the company adds preservatives to keep noodles fresh. There is always an issue of whether instant noodles are healthy for us or not. Studies show that preservatives are safe to eat and Monde Nissin add vitamins now to its noodles to make it a little healthy and they use only natural preservatives in the form of mixed tocopherols. But still, instant noodles are not healthy for us, in our own opinion because of the ingredients in contains. However we can make eating noodles less risky, we can add vegetables and other variety of foods to our noodles. Monde Nissin has really gained a position in the market, and during the time of global recession in 2008, the company remained strong in the market because their products are very affordable, anyone can buy it. The company did not shrink unlike the other big businesses. Some consumers preferred noodles instead of rice, and most of these consumers are the busy people (office workers, students). Of course, there are also Filipino consumers who prefer rice instead of noodles, but we cannot ignore the fact that instant noodles have really become a norm in our society.
Read full document← View the full, formatted essay now!Before the final exam in his BA 512 Risk and Decisions course for the Penn State Smeal Executive MBA Program, associate professor of business economics Anthony Kwasnica enlisted the help of some cutting-edge technologies to help his students prepare.
Risk and Decisions is a core master of business administration course that provides students with the skills and tools for handling common analytical problems managers face when making decisions. Kwasnica teaches the heavily quantitative class at the MBA level for both residential and executive students, but because Smeal EMBA students only meet on alternating weekends, holding review sessions can be a challenge, he said.
“We feel strongly about teaching the same material to both our residential and our executive students, and this was a great way to provide EMBA students with a thorough, interactive review of the course material.”
-- Anthony Kwasnica, associate professor of business economics, Smeal College of Business
Though Kwasnica held online office hours through Adobe Connect software throughout the semester, he wanted the final review session to be more visual.
“When you’re solving complex math problems,” he explained, “you want to be able to show how you’re working through each step.”
Through Smeal’s Research Instruction and Information Technology (RIIT) Group, Kwasnica was able to set up an Adobe Connect meeting that also incorporated screen-capture software and a high-definition interactive display allowing him to write on the screen in real-time.
“We feel strongly about teaching the same material to both our residential and our executive students, and this was a great way to provide EMBA students with a thorough, interactive review of the course material,” said Kwasnica.
“One of our main missions in the RIIT Group is to provide the tools, expertise and support to help faculty improve all areas of their teaching, from engagement and interaction to administration.”
-- Ginger Breon, assistant dean for administration and chief information officer, Smeal College of Business
About half of the class logged on for the live review session, according to Kwasnica, and the review was also recorded so students could refer back to it again.
“Judging from the students’ performance on the last exam, I think the review session really had an impact,” he said.
Smeal’s RIIT Group offers a number of technological solutions to faculty looking to enhance their teaching, inside or outside of the classroom. Many of the technologies benefit faculty as well because recorded review sessions or lectures can be used in future sections of the course.
“One of our main missions in the RIIT Group is to provide the tools, expertise and support to help faculty improve all areas of their teaching, from engagement and interaction to administration,” said Ginger Breon, assistant dean for administration and chief information officer. “We work hard to offer technology solutions that are innovative but also easy to use.”.Joseph Payne Brennan was born in Connecticut, New York in 1918. He worked at the Sterling Memorial Library of Yale University for more than 40 years and sold numerous stories to Weird Tales magazine and other publications. Some of his story collections include NINE HORRORS AND A DREAM (1958), SCREAMS AT MIDNIGHT (1963), STORIES OF DARKNESS AND DREAD (1973), and THE SHAPES OF MIDNIGHT (1980) to name a few. He wrote a great deal of poetry as well, 54 of which were collected in his book NIGHTMARE NEED (1964).
Brennan had stories adapted for both the THRILLER (1962) and TALES FROM THE DARKSIDE (1984) television series.
He published his own magazine, MACABRE which ran for 23 issues from 1957-1976. He died in 1990.
Here we’re going to look at the 12 stories collected in Brennan’s THE SHAPES OF MIDNIGHT.
1- “Diary of a Werewolf” (1961) – Written as the diary of a man who becomes a sort of werewolf. He doesn’t take on the appearance of one but does begin to move and act like one, loping around on all fours as he pursues his perspective victims through the forest.
2- “The Corpse of Charlie Rull” (1959) – A hobo has a heart attack alone and falls into a marshy area that has been contaminated by toxic chemicals. He’s reanimated as a zombie that is driven by an intense hatred for the living.
3- “Canavan’s Back Yard” (1958) – A nerdy bookseller becomes obsessed with the weed-choked back lot of his bookshop which seems to be able to change its physical dimensions. When his friend comes looking for him one day, he finds the man has become lost in the back yard, and his humanity is gone. This story was sited specifically by Stephen King as one of his personal favorites.
4- “The Pavilion” (1959) – A man encounters problems when he goes to check on the spot where he buried someone he’d murdered.
5- “House of Memory” (1967) – A girl’s beloved childhood house, which had been torn down to a cellar hole, reappears out of thin air after she becomes deathly ill.
6- “The Willow Platform” (1973) – An unemployed bachelor, who’s seen as a loafer and an idiot by the locales, finds a strange ring and an old book hidden inside the cellar where a mean old hermit’s house used to exist. The book is written in Latin, which he gets help translating. He becomes obsessed with the book and builds a 20’ tall tower made of willow saplings, atop which he attempts to summon a dark entity.
7- “Who Was He?” (1969) – This strange tale is about a man in a hospital who’s recovering from heart surgery on ‘Cardiac Row’. An odd, bushy eye-browed barber keeps wordlessly trying to convince the patient to allow him to give him to give him a haircut, but he refuses. The refusals seem to irritate the barber. Several deaths occur in the surrounding rooms, all preceded by terrified screams. The bizarre mystery of the weird barber and the things he carries in his little black bag, make this story a favorite of mine.
8- “Disappearance” (1959) – The mystery of one brother’s disappearance is revealed after the death of the other.
9- “The Horror at Chilton Castle” (1963) – On a trip to Ireland, a geological researcher gets asked to join the Earl of Chilton and his son, who’s just come of age, to enter a hidden chamber inside Chilton Castle. The chamber and the hideous secret within is visited only once a generation by three people, three days after the heir has come of age. This is a great tale of horror.
10- “The Impulse to Kill” (1959) – A wealthy man gets a strong urge to kill and begins to devise a clever way to do so without suffering the consequences.
11- “The House on Hazel Street” (1961) – A down-on-his-luck man becomes obsessed with a dilapidated old house he often walks past. One day the door creaks open, and an old man beckons him inside. The old man longs for the by-gone days of his youth, while the main character begins to feel weak and tired, eventually falling asleep. When he awakens he finds that the house and the world outside its windows has changed to reflect the time of the old man’s childhood.
12- “Slime” (1953) – An underwater eruption propels a blob-like entity out of the ocean and onto a New England shoreline. Once there it begins to satisfy its ravenous hunger by feasting on the living denizens of the town.
Article by Matt Cowan
4 thoughts on “THE SHAPES OF MIDNIGHT BY JOSEPH PAYNE BRENNAN”
Horror titles all have a certain simplicity and matter-of-factness to them. These are no exception.
That’s true. My favorite Brennan tale isn’t part of this collection. It’s called “The Calamander Chest” and is very creepy. There are future Brennan articles in the works and it will be included in the next one.
I found it in a horror anthology called Midnight from the 80’s.3/18/2019
kent homes at brunswick forest's: the lakes[more]
A whole world awaits you just 15 minutes from your Brunswick Forest retreat in what is now warmly referred to as Midtown Wilmington. Discover fantastic shopping, wonderful dining and outdoor spaces galore!
Make plans to explore Midtown Wilmington soon!! Just a quick trip from your home in Brunswick Forest!
888.371.2434
April 11 - April 14most.
Having a small baby around kind of makes all of this null and void, but it won’t last forever. Here are some tips on how to get a good night’s sleep once all the kids are on a regular sleep schedule of their own.
Wind Down Before Bedtime
It is important to get your mind out of its hectic daily-life-flurry and into calm mode before bed. Try to reserve an hour before bed time where you can relax. Dim the lights if possible, and no screens. The artificial light emitted from televisions, computers, and smartphones inhibit your brain’s ability to release melatonin, and even mundane activities like watching television or checking email and social media keep our brains locked in busy mode.
Spending time with electronics is common for most right before bed, but there are much more beneficial activities, like reading, listening to calming music, or simply spending time chatting with your family (but keep it upbeat: don’t talk about frustrations or work.)
There are few better times to sneak in some exercise than after you have put the kids to bed. It is a common myth that vigorous exercise late at night can keep you up, but that is not the case. However, if you are prone to getting wound up, do yoga or tai chi.
If you are a late-night snacker, there are lots of things you can enjoy to promote healthy sleep. Vitamin B3 promotes REM sleep, and vitamin B6 helps your body produce the relaxing hormone serotonin, so eat foods high in vitamin B complex like leafy greens or lean fish. Magnesium deficiencies have been shown to contribute to insomnia, so eating things like bananas and nuts (walnuts, cashews, or almonds are the best) can help. Lastly, cherries are one of the few natural sources of melatonin.
Have a Dedicated Sleep Space
It is essential to make sure that the environment in which you sleep helps instead of hinders. If you are sensitive to sunlight or often have to sleep during daylight hours, blackout blinds can make a huge difference. If you can sleep without any lights on, do. If not, make sure you use a gentle, non-fluorescent bulb.
You also want to make sure that your bed is for sleep (and intimacy) only. It is best to keep work, hobby, and family time completely out of the bedroom, but if you must utilize your bedroom space for work, get a desk or table to sit at. Watching television, playing video games, or doing school or office work from your bed will detract from its relaxing appeal and will make it difficult for your brain to settle into calm mode every time you get in it. You want your sleep space to be a peaceful oasis, so keep whatever you can of your waking life out of it.
Co-sleeping is a somewhat controversial issue, but for the most part, it just depends on your family. Some benefit from co-sleeping, while others have issues with it. You know what is best for your family and you should trust your judgement.
Alleviate Distractions
It is often difficult to get our minds to wind down and stay down once we are tucked in. The first thing you want to consider is keeping noise down. If you have older children that stay up later than you, make sure you you let them know how important it is for them to be respectful with their noise levels.
A good way to calm your mind at night is aromatherapy. Aromatherapy can be soothing and helpful for inducing sleep. Essential oils are safer than burning candles all night, and can be used in several ways, including oil lamps and burners, humidifiers, and topical application. Some of the best scents for relaxation are lavender, vetiver, valerian, and Roman chamomile.
Having a family can be extremely stressful at times, so if you find yourself lying there thinking, hoping, worrying, planning—as many of us do—it’s time for some meditation. There are so many benefits of meditating in your daily life, and while it may seem complicated, you can do it anywhere, anytime, by just focusing on your breathing.
There are lots of other techniques you can use to quiet your mind, like focusing on positive things or activities that relax you. As a parent, it is very important to have some “me” time every day, and it is probably a good thing to spend some time before bed thinking about yourself and what makes you happy instead of focusing on your family. They are always at the forefront of your mind, which is why it is so important to focus on other things from time to time.
All awesome days start with awesome sleep. Trying out some of these tips will help to ensure that you start each day off in a good mood, which will (usually) rub off on your children. Being the best parent that you can be always starts with a good night’s sleep.Which College Has the Best Mascot?
A few weeks back we asked you to vote on the area’s BEST high school mascot. Wasting no time whatsoever, over 3,000 keyboard warriors cast more than 20,000 votes for their hometown favorites. Underestimating the power of your high school mascot allegiance, I had no choice but to scrub the results down to unique votes only (my apologies to the fan of the Louisiana Bulldogs who voted 448 times). It was voter fraud bloodbath.
So let’s do it again with COLLEGE mascots!
Ahh, but THIS time I’m limiting each of you to one vote a piece.
So let’s hear it. Who ya got?With Google Health out, Mayo Clinic is joining the club of PHR, or Personal Health Records. It’s new online PHR solution based on Microsoft’s Health Vault.
I am yet to investigate it and see how it compares to Google’s solution.
YAY for more options and variety 🙂
Link to MayoClinic Health Manager
Advertisements
[…] Original post by dhuwail […]
[…] Original post by dhuwail […]This page is for TRAVEL AGENTS ONLY. If you are a traveller wishing to book accommodation please click here
This is used to login and retrieve forgotton passwords so please ensure it is an accessible email address
Passwords must be 6 or more characters
This is used by hosts to send accounts and correspondence to your agency.
Already registered? Login hereGreenHouse Mentoring
Most Days except Tuesday & Thursday plus Tues, Wed, Thu evenings and Saturday mornings
GreenHouse Mentoring is a locally focussed, Luton based organisation, established in 2002, committed to provide a safe, supportive and friendly place for young people, volunteers and staff alike.
We provide quality, trained, screened volunteers from diverse backgrounds who choose to consistently meet with, mentor and help young people in Luton.
We love to treat everyone in a uniquely personal way and help them to unlock their potential.
Our services are free to Service Users and Referrers alike.
Services provided include:
Group Mentoring, aimed to support young people (aged 5 to 18) and help develop social skills through Skills Sessions & Clubs:
The Base 14-18 years
Group Mentoring for this age group is offered through an innovative programme called The BASE.
The BASE is a place for young people to come together, spend time with Mentors and have fun —to Believe, Achieve, Succeed and Excel – and lines up very closely with the aims and objectives of LBC and LLAL.
There will be the opportunity to learn new skills, meet new people and play some games. It is a rolling programme of monthly events helping them to take hold of the opportunities they have, reduce anti-social behaviour and prepare them for a world of employment.
ACE Kids 8 - 10 years ; ACE Plus - 11-13 years
Group Mentoring for this age group is offered through ACE Kids/ Plus. ACE Kids/ Plus is a place for young people to come together, spend time with mentors and have fun —to Accept Challenges Everyday.
1-to-1 Mentoring supporting young people (aged 5 to 18) via long-term mentoring relationships;
Young Parent Mentoring supporting young parents (up to the age of 25) via long-term 1-to-1 mentoring relationships;
English Corner Mentoring to enable children and adults to improve confidence in spoken English through relaxed meetings with an English Corner Mentor (this may also include help with written English too);
Volunteering and work experience opportunities for volunteers (minimum age 16).
Who to contact
- Contact Name
- Ian Pirks
- Contact Position
- Assistant Manager
- Telephone
- 01582 528213
- ghm@stopsley.net
- Website
- greenhousementoring.org.uk/
Where to go
- Name
- The GreenHouse
- Address
- 16-22
St Thomas's Road
Stopsley
Luton
Beds
- Postcode
- LU2 7UY
When is it on?
- Date & Time Information
- Most Days except Tuesday & Thursday plus Tues, Wed, Thu evenings and Saturday mornings
- Time of day
- Morning
Afternoon
Evening
Other details
- Cost(s)
- We do not charge for our services
- Referral required?
- Yes
- Referral and availability notes
Please complete a Referral Form by clicking on the icon on our home page:
Useful Documents
Journey Planner
Address: The GreenHouse 16-22 St Thomas's Road Stopsley Luton BedsPart 3: Capturing Your Characters
In the last two posts on Writing LGBTQ+ Characters, we looked at brainstorming characters and how to build well-rounded people while avoiding lazy and/or offensive stereotyping. You might be sitting here now with a pretty awesome character in your head. They have a name, a hometown, they like documentaries and peanut butter milkshakes. They are transgender, funny and wear interesting clothes. Great, so should you introduce that character to the reader by having them look in the mirror (Ha Ha), describe their cool clothes and ‘super blue eyes’ to us, while drinking a peanut butter milkshake and watching The Internet’s Own Boy and wondering if anyone can tell they are transitioning? No. It’s bad writing and please stop having characters look in mirrors.
How the hell do you make the reader like your character then? How will they understand how vulnerable and relate-able and cool they are? What if the whole peanut butter milkshake fan-club fails to buy your book, because it wasn’t obvious enough that this character flippin’ loves peanut butter milkshakes?! OK, I’ll stop now. The way to do it is to drip feed the info. BUT HOW!?
Do your friends/mum/partner ever look at you like you’re a total mystery to them? That’s because it is impossible and illogical for people to know EVERYTHING about another person. If anybody knows all your things, you are probably a total over-sharer and should reassess your choices in life. Keep that in mind for your characters. You should know more than your readers do. Sometimes it’s just not relevant to the plot to know that someone’s favourite song is ‘Big Poppa’. But what may be important is that your character loves documentaries, because in your novel, they meet their dream-girl while filming a documentary about Sydney Mardi Gras. A lot of the character info you have been developing since Parts 1 and 2 may never make it into your final manuscript, but it’s still important to know.
You’ve probably heard the old ‘make every word count’ spiel about writing. When considering which of your character’s traits to include in the story, make sure they all have a purpose. In terms of their Queer traits (their politics, or fashion or anything else related to the formation of a Queer identity) I say more is more. Don’t shy away from revealing your character’s whole Queer identity, even if it’s not directly linked to the plot. I get that this sounds slightly contradictory, but my reasoning for this is that Queer identities have historically been ‘toned down’ in literature to appease some faceless power-hungry ‘majority’. The time has come to not hide any more. If your character likes things because they create a sense of Queer community/identity, then throw it in there. Just make sure if flows on well. No need to interrupt an action scene to monologue about how great RuPaul’s Drag Race is.
A few basic guidelines to follow if you’re struggling:
Don’t info-dump. Instead, reveal things one by one throughout the novel. Perfect places to do this are when characters are talking to each other. Rather than making someone sit down and describe their meal to us, have someone by like, ‘Wanna grab a pizza? These guys do the best in the city.’ Then when they walk in everyone can go, ‘Our favourite customer! Your usual?’ etc. (Someone give me a Pulitzer for that stellar example.)
Most things only need to be mentioned once. Trust that your readers are smart enough to remember that your character has red hair, without having to remind them every time that character appears. Over mentioning things is super annoying. If they don’t remember that your character has red hair, then they probably don’t care and will figure it out when the movie version is released.
If you’re running out of cool things to include, try including some things you personally hate. Like make one of your characters mad for mayonnaise. It will open your brain up to the possibility that not everyone is like you or likes the same things as you (shocking as it may be).
If you can remove the info from a scene and the scene still makes sense AND doesn’t censor your characters Queer identity in the process, then leave it out. If you remove it and the scene feels flat and boring and heteronormative, then put some character info in. You know that meme with the person sprinkling salt on a piece of meat? Your plot is the meat, your character traits are the salt and you are the person.
This is the last of this set of posts covering the basics of character development. I hope it was vaguely useful.
Who is your favourite AusQueerYA character?Death toll rises to six in Karachi food poisoning incident
KARACHI (92 News) – Another victim of alleged food poisoning passed away on Saturday morning after five children from the same family died earlier on Friday.
A paternal aunt to the five children who died a day before, Beena Badruddin, 28, passed away after she remained admitted in the ICU for a day. However, police has constituted a team to investigate deaths of children and their aunt who died after allegedly dining in at a local restaurant in Karachi’s Sadar area on the night of Feb 21.
Funeral prayers offered for children died of food poisoning
The funeral prayers for five children who died of food poisoning were offered in Khanozi area of Quetta. Thousands of people including government representatives and political leaders attended the funeral. Children will be buried in the local Khanoi cemetery.
Five children were died and their mother was in critical condition due to the food poisoning in Karachi.
Following the incident, the Sindh Food Authority submitted a report on the matter to the chief minister. Several cabinet members and lawmakers reached the hospital to condole the bereaved parents.
In an initial report, the Sindh Food Authority (SFA) had informed the Sindh chief minister on Friday that food samples collected from the Naubahar Restaurant – from where the victims’ father bought food – and Qasar-e-Naz – where the family was staying –, had been.
Yesterday, the police informed that way, they ate food at a street-side restaurant in Khuzdar and when they got to Karachi they ordered biryani from a restaurant in Saddar. The police saidThis Dining Set - Cereal Bowls and Serving Bowls were designed by the Atelier Romain Bernex in Marseille, France.
Handmade from red clay, the workshop uses local traditional production
techniques and are inspired by the colors of the Mediterranean.
This
Dining Set for 6 guests includes:
16210-08 6 Cereal Bowls in Red
351-15 2 Small Bowls in Raspberry
351-25 2 Small Bowls in Apple
351-36 2 Small Bowls in Pearl
351-65 2 Small Bowls in Yellow
451-25 1
Medium Salad Bowl in Apple
451-65 1 Medium Salad Bowl in Yellow
461-08 1
Large Salad Bowl in Red
461-36 1 Large Salad Bowl in Pearl
This
Dining Set was created for the lighter fair – breakfast, lunch or dinner –
soup, salad, fruit salad, mixed rice or pasta dishes, tapas, couscous, etc… - not requiring flat
dishes for larger meals such as meats & fish.
Designed
and Made in France.
Ref: 16210-08, 351-15, 351-25, 351-36, 351-65, 451-25, 451-65, 461-08, 461-36
Sizes
of the dishware:
Cereal Bowl 3.94 Inches x 6.3 inches (10 cm x 16 cm) each
Small Bowl 3.5 inches x 5.91 inches (9 cm x 15 cm)
each
Medium Salad Bowl 5.31 inches x 9.45 inches (13.5
cm x 24 cm) each
Large Salad Bowl 6.5 inches x 11.02 inches (16.5 cm
x 28 cm) each
Weights
of the dishware:
Cereal Bowl 1.1 lb. (0.500 kg) each
Small Bowl 0.66 lb. (0.30 kg) each
Medium Salad Bowl 2.76 lb. (1.25 kg) each
Large Salad Bowl 3.97 lb. (1.80 kg) each
Material:
100% Dishwasher and Microwave Safe
Sold
& Shipped Internationally.
• Disclaimer for International Shipments:
• Since this/these product(s) is/are being shipped directly to you from
the USA, it/they require(s) to comply, pass and clear through your local
Customs Brokers upon entering your country for import duties, taxes, tariffs
and other related clearance fees in accordance with your Government’s Import
Regulations.
• As we do not know what these charges/rates may be, we can not include
them in the cost of the product.
Therefore, you will receive a bill directly from
the transportation company/carrier (ie: FedEx, UPS, DHL, etc...) for these
additional charges to be settled by you directly with the transportation
company in your country.Abstract
O-group wild turbot (Scophthalmus maximus (L.)) were used in a number of feeding experiments designed to assess the usefulness of readily available species of industrial fish as feed for the ongrowing stage of cultivation (10-500 g). Sprats (Sprattus sprattus (L.)) and sandeels (Ammodytes marinus Raitt) were the most successful in that feeding rates of 2% live weight per feed gave conversion efficiencies which were generally better than 3:1. A regular regime of two feeds a day should give growth rates approaching 2% per day resulting in an ongrowing period of about 200 days at 16°C. The turbot were maintained in closed recirculating systems using a simple design for the treatment units. These provided a stable environment in which to conduct the experiments the average water quality conditions being given. There were few health problems and the taste and texture of the fish produced appeared to be good. © 1982.WEBINAR: Climate Solutions for a Stronger America
Wednesday, July 13, 2016 - 1:00pm to 2:00pm
Online
Join us via webinar to hear insights from the new report by Breakthrough Strategies & Solutions, Climate Solutions for a Stronger America: a guide for engaging and winning on climate change and clean energy.
The guide draws on original research to help climate leaders inspire action toward clean energy solutions and a safer climate. Matthew Kohut of KNP Communications will share talking points, tips, research, facts and examples from the messaging guide. Participants will learn about the top three performing climate and clean energy messages that form the “messaging triangle.”Save money on all of your activities with our Groupon Promo Code Deal of the Day:
SAVE on all your activities, Attractions & MORE!
Always check for current promo codes for additional savings!
Now on to your GreatFrumTrips.com article...
Did you get out to see the colors yet?
This is about your last chance before the leaves all drop, so what are you doing with your kids today?
How about this great spot:
Walkway Over the Hudson State Historic Park – a linear walkway spanning the Hudson River in the Hudson River Valley Region
At 212 feet tall and 1.28 miles long…
it is the LONGEST, elevated pedestrian bridge…
in the world!
Walkway State Park officially opened to the public on, October 3, 2009, so don’t feel too bad if you haven’t yet paid it a visit – and consider making one today!
Access to Walkway State Historic Park is FREE
There is a $5 fee to park in the New York State parking lots on Parker Avenue (in Poughkeepsie) and Haviland Road (in Highland).
We have always found free parking nearby when we went, (but no guarantees)
The wide bridge deck is closed to vehicular traffic, making it a great place to safely enjoy the beauty surrounding you with all ages
(GreatFrumTrips.com exists with the support of our Advertisers. Please utilize their services - Thanks!)
Continuing with your article...
Beautiful views of Fall foliage taken from the walkway bridge deck… WOW! (date unknown)
The Walkway is designed to allow year-round used and only occasionally closes during inclement weather (e.g. thunderstorms, snow and ice)
Snow is officially cleared from the bridge during the winter months
The Park offers a wide variety of day-use activities:
- Audio-Visual programs
- Bike riding
- Bird watching
- Jogging
- Roller skating, in-line skating
- Picnicking
- River traffic observation
- Scenic Views
- Self-guided tours
- Train spotting
- Walking
Easy access from major nearby highways means you don’t have to venture too far off the beaten path to get there
Paved bridge walkway is great for all kinds of people-powered transporters, like strollers, wheelchairs, bikes, rollerblades, scooters, and wonder-of-wonders, legs!
The Park is open and staffed 7am to Sunset.
So where is it and how do you get there?
You can get there from either side of the River:
GPS Address 1:
61 Parker Avenue
Poughkeepsie, NY 12601
[mapsmarker marker=”72″]
Distance from Passaic/Clifton/West Orange: approx. 1hr 24 min
Distance from Teaneck/Monsey: approx. 75 min/65 min
Distance from Lakewood: approx. 2 hrs 27 min – find something closer!! 🙂
*** Click the CAR ICON in the upper right corner of the map for distance & directions from any other location***
or
GPS Address 2:
87 Haviland Road
Highland, NY 12528
[mapsmarker marker=”73″]
Distance from Passaic/Clifton/West Orange: approx. 1hr 20 min
Distance from Teaneck/Monsey: approx. 70 min/60 min
Distance from Lakewood: approx. 2 hrs 25 min – find something closer!! 🙂
*** Click the CAR ICON in the upper right corner of the map for distance & directions from any other location***
Website: Walkway Over the Hudson State Historic Park
Phone: 845-834-2867
Tried and Tested: Yes
Worth traveling an hour for? Your call, we have done it with our kids and really enjoyed it, especially the Fall with the surrounding foliage colors!
Looking for a closer place to you? Try this article from last week:
It’s a GORGEOUS day! GFT’s Top 10 Spots To View Fall Foliage In NJ Before It’s Gone!
Bring the camera!
Most of all, have Fun!
——————————–
LIKE WHAT YOU READ HERE? Sign Up for FREE Email alerts with GREAT new POSTS DAILY!
SAR – GFT
© 2016 GreatFrumTrips.com.
Hi.
Thank you for your ongoing posts of great ideas to take family trips!
Yesterday we went to the Walkway over the Hudson.
We actually parked about 4 miles from the bridge at Tony Willimas Park in Lloyd NY.
From there you can bring bikes and hop on the Hudson Valley Rail and bike right to the bridge.
It is an awesome ride and highly recommended. If you so desire, after you cross the bridge you can continue biking on the Dutchess trail for another 18 miles!!
We didn’t do that 🙂
Wow! Thanks for your feedback and additional tips. So glad you enjoyed : )Kupino App
Free on Google Play
With one click, it will show you the closest Old Navy store.
Click on your store to see its exact location, hours of operation and online weekly ads.
Old Navy can be also found in Chicago, IL, Los Angeles, CA, New York, NY and others.
Find 49 shops in North Bethesda, MD.Community History
LLANDYFAELOG sits at the centre of the old hamlet of Ysgubor Fawr.
Once the church was built, further dwellings were established.
From late Medieval times and through the Reformation, the village itself became more familiarly identified with the church and parish of its monastic patron, St. Maelog.
Designed and illustrated by Lisa Hellier
This website uses cookies to improve your experience Accept. For details on how to change your computer setting click here.Comedy Central’s last brand refresh was in 2011. Since then a lot has changed. In today’s multi-platform landscape, if something smells promotional, you’ll swipe right past it. In this climate, how do we deepen brand equity, attribution and inspire creative expression across all platforms? Our mantra:
How? Well it starts with a flexible system that sits atop an ever-evolving blank canvas.
The system adapts to the needs of various platforms, working to connect the Comedy Central brand to its creative content, but always in a simple and direct way.
Our goal was to communicate information to the viewer in a way that would maximize time spent on punchlines, not endcards. Ultimately we aimed to NOT MAKE PROMOS, or more precisely to redefine them as FUNNY CONTENT in and of themselves.
To support this system, we refined the Comedy Central logo, built a custom typeface and committed to a hero color for the brand.
Our strategy was supported by the creation of a custom typeface for Comedy Central that could be used everywhere, replacing Brandon Grotesque, a typeface used by many other brands. Its condensed design allows it to be bold even when placed in tight spaces, supporting a streamlined navigational system.
We streamlined and emboldened the mark, improving its visibility at any scale. We paired it with custom type and simplified the lockup options with a bolder approach that, especially internationally where attribution is still building, brings more weight to the name of this iconic brand. Although our new type is condensed, we connected to the mark by echoing its angles within the C letterform.
To increase cross-platform attribution, we moved away from Comedy Central’s broad multi-colored palette. Our new signature color helps anchor the brand and the new navigation system. Although the full brand palette does include some additional content-inspired complementary colors, Summer Ale provides the home base for the brand.
The latest update from the National Wild Dog Action Plan.
Brutal horse attacks stir action
Earlier this week, PestSmart shared the tragic story of two women at Fortis Creek, NSW, who were forced to euthanise their horses after they suffered horrific injuries from of a wild dog attack. The issue highlighted the extent of the wild dog problem and as a consequence LLS intends to re-establish baiting programs in the area.
For the full story visit The Daily Examiner
Victorian Wild Dog Management Advisory Committee meets
Aerial baiting, ‘real life’ perspectives of living with wild dogs and Parliamentary Inquiry recommendations affecting the wild dog program were just some of the topics discussed at last month’s meeting at Omeo, Victoria.
Attended by the National Wild Dog Management Coordinator Greg Mifsud, the meeting heard a Parliamentary Inquiry into the Control of Invasive Animals on Crown Land has recommended ongoing evaluation of the current wild dog and fox bounty systems.
It also heard information on Victoria’s first ever Animal Welfare Action Plan and the upcoming review of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1986 requiring community and industry consultation.
Greg spoke on the delivery of aerial baiting programs including aircraft types used in different landscapes, bait rates, costings and results from field trials to provide a national overview.Sex leke tøy paradise hotel naken a new Playlist, sign in to add this to a playlist. For the safety and privacy of your Pornhub account, remember to never enter your password on any site other than m. Sex leke tøy paradise hotel naken - Paradise, hotel, sex Anal porn tube norsk milf porno Anal, DP and Cum Kissing c/o JulesJordan Looking for "Hot" Videos? Watch this 1080p video only on pornhub premium. Eskortejenter oslo bergen girls Start Free jenter søker kjæreste sex dikt Week of Pornhub Premium. Luckily you can have free 7 day access! Check out Pornhub Premium. sex leke tøy paradise hotel naken 559 Sex sider svenske porno filmer 820 Swingers club norge norsk sex video 671 By signing up today, you get one week free access. Anal, DP and Cum Kissing c/o JulesJordan Searches Related to "paradise hotel sex" Remove Ads The page you're trying to access: is not part of Pornhub. Exclusive, content, high Quality, hD, cancel, anytime. Just ALL THE premium, pORN YOU CAN handle welcome. Continue to external site The page you are trying to access: is not an official Pornhub site and may be dangerous. No Ads Exclusive Content HD Videos Cancel Anytime. Super affordable at only.99/month. Start now, watch this exclusive video only on pornhub premium. Claim your 7 day free access. Watch this hd video now, by upgrading today, you get one week free access.
0 tanker om “Sex leke tøy paradise hotel naken”A game that grows with the flow.
Author: James Bowers
27th level human. Yorkshire starting zoon. Glass give +4 sight bonus when equipped. Staff Writer for Switch Player Mag and a card-carrying member of the Cult of Nintendo. Content Boy for Aardvark Swift. The boss at playwatchrecord.com
SYNTHETIK: Ultimate Review
A man-made experience that isn’t artificial.
Autumn’s Journey Review
The road less travelled.
More Dark Review
Everything has gone to hell.
Liberated: Enhanced Edition Review
A black and white social commentary.
Hyperbrawl Tournament Review
True simplicity at the speed of light.
Warsaw Review
A setting you know; a story you don’t.
Witcheye Review
The game dev wizards have cooked up something special.
Struggling Review
A game clearly named by the marketing team.Our Mission
Chinesemiracleherb.com is the Exclusive International Direct Online Store Authorized and Managed by Zhongke International Institute, the Nanjing Branch of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) . It is also an international online discussion platform about traditional Chinese medicine, especially about the latest development of the Chinese miraculous herb “Ganoderma Lucidum (Reishi) Triterpene”.
We provide the highest quality of Sino-Sci Innovative ( ZK) Ganoderma Lucidum Shell-Broken Spore Oil Gel ( the pure extract of Ganoderma spore Triterpene) at the best prices affordable. We believe that the regular use of Ganoderma Lucidum can promote optimal health, boost the body’s natural self-defense ability, and restore internal energy to people experiencing physical imbalances from poor immune system. We offer NON-GMO, 100% natural herbal extract or formulas, manufactured according to the highest quality standards set by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and approved by the Ministry of Health, the People’s Republic of China.
We believe only the highest quality of natural herbal processing can achieve a comprehensive health care plan for an individual. We ensure 100% of our Ganoderma formulas are from internationally certified “GMP” (Good Manufacturing Practices) factory. We extensively test the raw herbs and the finished products for quality and purity. This ensures optimum potency, efficacy and safety to our customer base. Also, we have several international Lab Test Centers for the quality control of our exported products to international market.
Our goal is 100% customer satisfaction. We value you as a customer and want you to be happy with your purchase. If you have any questions or suggestions for us, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will respond to your inquiry in a prompt and professional manner. While we do welcome your feedback, please be advised that per FDA regulations, we are unable to analyze personal disease conditions or suggest any products or herbs that diagnose, treat, prevent or cure any disease. If you have or suspect you have a medical condition you are urged to contact your personal health care provider immediately.
Warning: this is the only authorized website that sells Sino-Sci Innovative ( ZK) Brand Ganoderma Lucidum Shell-Broken Spore Oil Gel by Zhongke International research Institute, the Nanjing Branch of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). All other website’s similar brand product are imitation. Chinesemiracleherb.com will not responsible for any quality issue if your purchasing is processed from other web site.Hey, Beach Bum!
Do you love Pink Coral? Are you looking for ways to get involved with our brand? We are constantly looking for collaborations, social media reps, and new additions to our team.
Your questions and feedback are always welcome as we continue to grow and serve our customers better! Please send us a message with any questions, or concerns (or just say hello!) and we will get back to you as soon we can!
For the quickest response, contact us during business hours! We look forward to hearing from you.
Phone: 1-305-804-1964SDN Blog
SDN team races to bank’s rescue after equipment failure
Posted on Monday, January 22, 2018 in Managed RouterBlog written by Rob Swenson
Shari Lund is thrilled with the fast and effective service that SDN Communications provided to replace a key piece of networking equipment at her bank.
Lund, the IT operations officer for Dakota Prairie Bank in central South Dakota, was confronted one workday in early January with the challenge of replacing an old, bank-owned router that suddenly failed. Routers are networking devices that direct electronic traffic.
She tried rebooting the router, but that didn’t work. Meanwhile, the worn-out device was preventing bank branches in Presho and Draper from getting live data from the main office in Fort Pierre.
Lund called SDN's a network account executive who’s based in Rapid City, to see if he might be able to help. That's when SDN’s technical experts in Sioux Falls got involved and had the bank’s network up running smoothly the next day.
“SDN saved me, big time,” Lund said. “They did a wonderful job.”
The SDN staffers took on the chore before terms for the work were discussed. Those details could be worked out later. The immediate challenge was getting an operational router in place because the bank was dealing with a time-sensitive, service-impacting problem.
Gary Fischer, a sales engineer for SDN, rounded up the bank’s router configurations. Bill Tetrault, supervisor of managed services, got a temporary router prepared and sent it by overnight delivery to Fort Pierre. Lund installed the router, and Josh Ecklein, a managed services engineer, worked remotely with her to get it properly configured.
“As soon as we fired it up, it was golden. We haven’t had any issues with it since,” Lund said.
Dakota Prairie is a third-generation, family-owned bank. The business got started in Draper in 1906 and expanded by acquisition to Presho in 1985. The company built a new bank in Fort Pierre in 2010, and the facility became the main office.
Stephen Hayes, president and CEO of Dakota Prairie, considers the banks’ customers his neighbors and friends, and he strives to develop long-term relationships with them, Lund said.
“Being a smaller bank gives us the opportunity to customize services for customers. It seems like we’re always changing to better serve people who do business with our organization,” Lund said.
Lund said she knew the bank system’s three routers were a weakness in the bank’s network and that the devices needed to be replaced. However, the router failure in Fort Pierre happened before she had finalized an option to replace them.
At the time of the router incident, SDN was serving Dakota Prairie with a MPLS broadband connectivity to link the bank’s three branches. SDN had previously sought the bank’s router business but didn’t have it. Now, the bank is becoming a customer of SDN’s Managed Router Service, too, Lund said.
All of the bank’s routers, including the temporary unit in Fort Pierre, will be replaced.
With a Managed Router Service subscription from SDN, clients enjoy reliable service for a fixed monthly cost. SDN provides the routers from a vendor, configures the devices and keeps them patched and up to date. SDN also will trouble shoot problems, if necessary, and monitor monthly use reports to look for signs of trouble. Clients may review the performance reports, too.
Lund was asked if there was anything else that SDN could have done to help the bank during its router crisis. No, she joked, unless SDN could provide her with a crystal ball to help predict the date of any future problems.
On second thought, she added, SDN’s Managed Router Service should help on that front by monitoring equipment and reducing the potential for future problems.
“I think that will reduce the likelihood of this happening again,” she said. “So I’m kind of excited about it.”
How do your IT pros feel about your company's network equipment? Connect with SDN's experts to chat more about the possibilities.Why doesn't suspend release vCPUs/memory?
Per the Openstack documentation, it's implied that both vCPUs and memory are to be released when an instance is successfully suspended. However, when I suspend an instance, neither resources are reclaimed.
Documentation: (...)
Administrative users might want to suspend..
Thanks for the question! That is odd. Which version of OpenStack are you running? I'd also suggest asking this question on the OpenStack general mailing List (... ) if you don't get an answer here in time.Rob shares this latest news on behalf of Island Speedway. Ed
The Isle of Wight ‘Wightlink’ Warriors Christmas Shopping spree ended earlier today when it was announced that twenty year old Connor King had been chosen to be the final rider in the 2019 jigsaw.
If the name is familiar to Warrior fans, it’s probably because the young man from
Brandon in Suffolk stepped in on three occasions last season to cover for rider shortages when the Island team were on the road.
Riding mainly in the Midland Development League to date, King will be embarking on his fifth season of racing and will be fulfilling his wish for National League action.
He joins on a 2.00 average and said,
“I really enjoyed being with the Warriors on a few occasions last year and got to know Ben, Chris and Danno. Kev Shepherd was also very supportive and to get a call offering me a team place was just magic.
“Another club had been in touch but the firm offer was too good to let go. I have to be honest and say that I haven’t been to Smallbrook, but I intend to put that right very quickly. You hear nothing but good things about the Isle of Wight speedway and I can’t wait to get involved”.
Warrior’s co-promoter Martin Widman said,
“We asked Connor to help us at some away meetings last year and he didn’t let us down as his win in heat 2 at Kent proves. We appreciate he is inexperienced at league level but he’s so enthusiastic and we are pleased to be able to offer him a chance.
“He will start with Chad at reserve on a 2.00 average – that seems to be the way most teams are building up at the moment – and we will give them both every encouragement.”
Image: © Ian Groves
Monday, 17th December, 2018 11:22am
ShortURL:
Filed under: Island-wide, Isle of Wight Speedway, Ryde, Isle of Wight, Smallbrook, Sports
Be the first to add your thoughts in the comments section ↓Women only workouts Tulsa : Transform Your Life
Women only workouts Tulsa : Transform Your Life
This content was written for Bootcamp Tulsa
I’m looking to transform Your Life Time Fitness? What with no more because now we have women on it worked out of Tulsa. With our workouts for women you can transfer your life, you could transform the way you look. Start running at your work out, maybe start running in the day in life. To come early today and start winning, come on today and take hold and like today. So just give us a call, it would be clutch speak with you. The phone number is 918-252-8296, before speaking with you today. If you looking for a women only workouts Tulsa you are I’m coming today and clean the mass heading towards that you need to make it life happen. So come on in and feel great you look great, and we look forward to helping you and your physical Mission. You’ll be surprised at how many many things that transpired and will fall into life category through physical fitness. The Mayans say the same as far 7 girls and hand them, and also feel great in life also. So if you want to celebrate life all you do is give us a call, and we’ll be glad speak with you today. For women only work I was supposed to have come to the right place. 90 pound women only workouts Tulsa right here, and there’s no man in the mall. The only man that probably involves be a life coach, but that’s okay because he’ll cut you into women and your physical condition. No with me the conference you need to hit your ball and hitch weight loss go, go to the conference need to look great and feel great also. You can get us some more, because we will be the weather for her. Will she have to stay positive when you’re coming back into the gym, and you can support them because we will be your support team. In the morning today in your call, it would be glad speak with .1 underline Search for women only workouts Tulsa then look no more, don’t get great service and get results that you’re looking for. You can get rid of cells the with his condition, and you could transform your life affected by staff and looking great all the same time. Or I will comes not only to transform you just caught on the outside, but I transfer light on the inside too because we believe that your mom has been trying for like the same time. So change your life, the start when it today and will be glad speak with you. The same as always the same, I’ll have to do is get your call I will be glad to pick with you nothing line today. So why wait? Just called that you’ll be glad speak with you. So give me lose hope that you want, and your start change your life through Fitness today. Start whining as a mom, it’s all 20 as a wife at the same time.. Still positive comment no matter what here comes your way back you can have the support that’s here all the time for you. To come get dressed up with today, and give us a call will be glad to speak with you. The phone number is 918-528-4296, will flip speak with an underline today.University Students as Consumers
As a University of Minnesota student on the Rochester campus, you will find a compilation of topics, understandings, and tools here that are essential for a successful academic experience. This core information is provided according to federal requirements set forth in the Higher Education Act of 1965 (amended in 1988). If you need assistance or would like a paper copy of this information, please contact One Stop Student Services.
Academics
Detailed information for undergraduate, graduate, professional, and certificate programs is available through the University department/college offering the program.
Faculty and other instructional personnel are profiled in their University department and collegiate Web sites.
Instructional facilities & labs Specific information about instructional facilities and laboratory space can be obtained through the department/college offering the course or program.
Program review & accreditation
Accreditation is a process of reviewing the quality of higher education institutions. Two types of accreditation are used at the University of Minnesota:
Institutional accreditation.
Disability Resources
Facilities and services for students with disabilities
Equal Employment and Educational Opportunity
The University of Minnesota is envisioned as a community free from prejudice, discrimination, hatred and ignorance - an intellectually and culturally vibrant place of learning and leadership where all individuals are valued, respected, and unobstructed in their pursuit of excellence in their work and scholarship. Go to the above link for detailed information on how this vision is implemented.. Read more about the University's guidelines and practices related to student records privacy.
Admissions
For specific information about admissions requirements for any of the programs, please contact them directly.
Enrollment policy
You are encouraged to maintain the same number of credits throughout the semester. In the event that you must reduce your credit load, the University has an established refund schedule for tuition and fees. See also the 13-credit Policy FAQ.
University student accounts
You are notified in your University e-mail account when your billing statement is available online. You must pay the balance due in in full by the due date. Use the University 's online UMPay for a convenient, secure payment. You must make at least a minimum payment by the due date and assume installment plan charges that will be added to your amount due. If you fail to make a payment, late payment fees will be added to your account and a hold placed on your records. With a hold in place, you will not be able to register for classes at the University until the bill is paid in full.
One Stop Student Services
For information about registration, financial aid, tuition and billing, student records, and general institutional issues.
Student financial aid, Twin Cities (a written appeal must be submitted to the Office of Student Finance)
Responsibilities
- Complete applications correctly and on time
- Read and understand all materials sent to you from the Office of Student Finance
Applying for financial aid
To be considered for aid, you must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), available online at after January 1 each year for the upcoming academic year that begins in the upcoming fall term. Applying online is faster and more accurate than submitting a paper application. However, you may request a paper application at the FAFSA Web site, if you prefer to complete a paper form. The FAFSA is available in both English and Spanish. Be sure to include the University's Federal School Code of 003969 to release your information to the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities.
The cost of attendance (COA) at the University of Minnesota includes, but is not limited to: tuition, fees, room (residence halls/apartments) and board (meal plans/groceries), books, and miscellaneous expenses. COA is calculated individually according to your program of study, housing arrangement, and year in school.
Estimated family contribution
Your estimated family contribution (EFC), estimated family contribution (EFC). Your total EFC is calculated using a federal needs analysis formula and is based on income and other data you report on the FAFSA, including your own savings and employment income.
Cost of attendance minus (–) family resources =.
Net Price Calculator
This calculator is designed to give you an estimation of the need-based financial aid you might qualify for if you were a college freshman attending the University of Minnesota.
- Checklist for withdrawing from the University
- University refund schedule
- Return of state financial aid
- Return of federal financial aid
- Return of University financial aid
Athletic program participation and financial support
The Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act (EADA) Report provides annual participation rates and financing of men's and women's sports in intercollegiate athletic programs. registration, financial aid, tuition and billing, student records, and general institutional issues.
Campus safety & security
Campus Security Act (Clery Act)
Statistical reporting of campus crime.
Drug-free schools/workplace
Drug use, trafficking, and possession are violations of the established University Board of Regents Policy regarding Student Conduct Code. In compliance with the federal regulations on drug free schools, the University has the following policy and listing of resources for faculty and staff..Preschoolers Get Into Sea World FREE All Year Long…Here’s How
January 20, 2018
Do you have a child that is between the ages of 3 and 5 years old and live in the State of Florida or Texas?
Great News… you can get him/her a Preschool Pass which gets him/her into Sea World for FREE all year long! Children under 3 are Always FREE
Here’s How…
You must first register your child online (can not be done at the park). Then, redeem your Preschool Card by visiting any SeaWorld ticket window and present these:
- Your registration confirmation
- Your child’s birth certificate or travel passport
- Your [State] resident ID
The Preschool Card only gets your child into SeaWorld for free. If you’d like to add Aquatica to your Preschool Card, you may do so for an extra cost.
Florida – Register – Aquatica may be added for $59.99 (may be purchased online)
Texas – Register – Aquatica may be added for $30 (must be done at guest services)
“My child is 5 this year, turning 6. Am I still eligible?”
As long as your child is 5 years of age on or before the date you redeem the Preschool Card for your first visit to the park, your child is eligible.
“What about Sea World San Diego?”
A SeaWorld San Diego Preschool Fun Card 2018 is available for just $10 (or FREE, if you’re one of the first 10,000 people to request one) Must be redeemed in the park by March 31st, 2018
You must reside in San Diego or Orange County, CA to purchase this Fun card. It is available through December 31st, 2018 (blockout dates: May 28th and December 31st, 2018)
“When do I have to register by?”
You must register for Sea World Orlando by May 13th, 2018 and is available through December 31st, 2018.
You have until May 31st, 2018 to register for Sea World San Antonio and is available from February 24, 2018 (when it reopens) through January 6th, 2019.
Guess What?
We can also help you plan and book your Tickets / Package to Sea World Orlando, San Antonio, and San Diego. Contact us if you have any questions.
Brand new 2018 Brochures are en route…If you’d like one from any of these locations, leave us an email with your name, address, and which location you’re interested in. We promise we don’t bug you over and over again (we hate that too). 🙂$14.00
Take control of your day by being organized and looking fabulous with our weekly desk pad. Featuring a striking quote, with a colorful & vibrant design, it is properly prepared with 52 tear-off sheets for every week of the year. Combining beauty and function, it is destined to be your perfect desktop companion. Measures a comfortable 9.75" x 6.75" with rounded corners. Each desk pad has fifty-two heavyweight pages and a stiff chipboard backing.All of the products showcased throughout DistinctFragrance.com are 100% original brand names. We only carry genuine brand name perfumes, colognes and beauty products. Absolutely NO imitations or knock-offs.. 281.402.9166 or info@distinctfragrance.com
DistinctFragrance.com is an independent retailer carrying genuine brand name fragrances, skincare, haircare, candles and makeup. Please note that we are not the manufacturer of any of the products we carry..Inspiration
Here it is going to happen again. Tomorrow will be another very creative photo shoot with Gosia, who again will bring loads of creativity to the photographs.
The garden I discovered recently mesmerized me from the first sight and there exactly the whole project will take a place.
So stay tuned and follow us on the blog and my Facebook page Photobypawelp
Advertisements
Reblogged this on Mistrz i Małgorzata.Business Acquisition Company Takeover Solutionread more...
Type of Industry / Business: Corporate
Project Duration: 15-30 Days
Mode of Service: Online
Type of Service Provider: Individual Consultant
Our organization has rich industry experience and
Bid Management Services
Type of Industry / Business: Electrical & Automation
Mode of Service: Online
Type of Service Provider: Individual Consultant
Bid Management Service for Electrical Automation Tendering Procurement Project Management
Business Process Management Software Solutionsread more...
Type of Industry / Business: Any Large Businesses
Project Duration: 2 months to 6 months
Mode of Service: Online
Type of Service Provider: Individual Consultant
Optimize operations and processes – Eliminate
Spok Technocom
Sector 63, Noida, Dist. Greater Noida D77, Sector 63,
Noida - 201301, Dist. Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh
TrustSEAL VerifiedCall 8048698546
Registered Willread more...
Mode of Service: Online
A will is a legal document by which a person, the testator, expresses his or her wishes as to how his or her property is to be distributed at death, and names one or more persons, the executor, to manage the estate
Meeracorp Private Limited
East of Kailash, New Delhi, Dist. Delhi 76A/18, Amrit Puri,
New Delhi - 110065, Dist. Delhi, Delhi
TrustSEAL Verified
Company VideoCall 8048714063It Business Analysis Services
Get QuoteBusiness Acquisition
Get Quote
Monitoring And Evaluation Studiesread more...
Language: English, Hindi
Client Type: National , International
Monitoring and evaluation studies is a process that helps improve performance and achieve results. Its goal is to improve current and future management of outputs,
Market Insight Consultants ( Division Of TMIPL)
Sector 4, Noida, Dist. Greater Noida 2nd Floor, B-3, Sector 2,
Noida - 201301, Dist. Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh
TrustSEAL Verified
Company VideoCall 8046044723,
Surat - 395017, Dist. Surat, Gujarat
TrustSEAL VerifiedCall 8048600531
Business Management Solution
Business Solution
Location: India
Kat Industrial Consultants Private Limited
Barakhamba, New Delhi, Dist. Delhi 38, G. F., World Trade Centre, Barakhamba Lane, Babar Lane Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place,
New Delhi - 110001, Dist. Delhi, Delhi
TrustSEAL Verified
Company VideoCall 8048076003
Have a Question? Ask our expert
Please enter your question.
Business Interpreter Services
Adinath Global Exports
Azadpur, New Delhi, Dist. Delhi A-253, New Sabji Mandi,
New Delhi - 110033, Dist. Delhi, Delhi
TrustSEAL VerifiedCall 8048409088
Business Interpreter Services
Get Quote
Business Interpreter Services
Get Quote
Hotel Business SolutionsWe are betrothed in providing Hotel Business Solutions. These services are rendered within the postulated time frame. We also finish this service as per universal industry standards and patrons demand. Our services are completed as per patrons demand. For this service, we hired expert’s team who has rich industry skill and experience.read more...
Business Solution ServicesOur company is highly esteemed firm known for providing Business Solution Service to the clients. This service is delivered within a stipulated time to the most valued customers. Business Solution Service is rendered by our adroit team of technocrats who use hi-tech machines and technology and who possess vast experience inread more...
Infocrest Finweb LLP
South Tukoganj, Indore 208, The Horizon Building, No. 11/5,
Indore - 452009, Dist. Indore, Madhya Pradesh
Verified SupplierCall 8048556523
Change In Business Serviceread more...
Mode of Service: Offline
Service Type: Business Service
Service Charge: Yes
Location Type: Pan India
Owing to the presence of our proficient team members, 8048980549
Camelina Biodiesel Business Plan 20 HaSpecifications:read more...
- Complete & comprehensive
- Ready to execute Camelina Biodiesel Business Plan
- Growing & cultivation process
- Process of creating oil from the fruit
Advanced Biofuel Center
Vidhyadhar Nagar, Jaipur F-39, First Floor, Galaxy Star, A-2 Central Spine Vidhyadhar Nagar,
Jaipur - 302039, Dist. Jaipur, Rajasthan
Verified SupplierCall 8043259623
Oracle E-Business Suiteread more...
Type of Industry / Business: Business
Project Duration: 1 month
Mode of Service: Online
Type of Service Provider: Research Company
Customization: Customized
Location: Mumbai
Kaem Softwares Private Limited
Andheri West, Mumbai No. 401/B, Annapurna Adarsh Nagar,
Mumbai - 400053, Dist. Mumbai, Maharashtra
Verified SupplierCall 8045352506
Customer Order And Trackingread more...
Type of Industry / Business: software
Mode of Service: Online
Type of Service Provider: Research Company
Benefits:
- Flawless customer order and delivery.
Dellfinch Technology Private Limited
Kallai, Kozhikode MA Complex,Annie Hall Road, Kallai,
Kozhikode - 673002, Dist. Kozhikode, Kerala
Verified SupplierCall 8049442037
Business Customizable SolutionReach Business Software with goal of creating the best solution to perform and monitor the task of business easier. With rise of technology throughout various fields, Reach began to develop software to better manage the flow of information to focus on simplicity and development overflow. Customizable Solution Analyzing theread more...
Reach Business Software Private Limited
Nehru Nagar, Coimbatore 13/53A, No. 4, IInd Floor, Balugeetha Arcade Kalapatti Road, Nehru Nagar,
Coimbatore - 641014, Dist. Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Verified SupplierCall 8048018987
Business Solution Centric ServiceThis unique consulting facilitation starts with a detailed organizational diagnostics based on well researched methods and models. Our team of business and HR Management experts analyze the data gathered through the diagnostics and propose specific initiatives in the areas of organizational development, change management orread more...
CerveauSys Strategic Consulting Private Limited
Shivaji Nagar, Pune 1206/2A, Sankalp, 2nd Floor, Office No. 3 & 5, APTE Road,
Pune - 411004, Dist. Pune, Maharashtra
Verified SupplierCall 8046045360
Business Solution DivisionWe offer several solution to celcom providers, education bodies and banks.read more...
To cell com providers we offer starter pack, recharge vouchers, software to print recharge voucher at distributor level , we also offer full solution including software, hardware and stationary to them
In banks we offer the solution for cheques
Devharsh Infotech Private Limited
Vikhroli West, Mumbai 16, Samrat Mill Compound L B S Marg, Near Jaswanti Landmark,
Mumbai - 400079, Dist. Mumbai, Maharashtra
Verified Supplier
Company VideoCall 8048075659
Business Analysis & Strategy ServiceFor a successful software solution release it's necessary to have strategic collaboration between what the business needs and what IT builds, with clear requirements defined. The best way to bridge the gap between the business and technical communities is by employing Business Analysis practices prior to and during theread more...
Essensys Software Private Limited
Vishrantwadi, Pune SH-119, Shoppers Orbit, Vishrantwadi, Dew Drops,
Pune - 411015, Dist. Pune, Maharashtra
Verified SupplierCall 8042957164
Stakeholder Engagement Business SolutionIn addition to our work with clients, our reach within the various industries that we work in allows us to engage with stakeholders across the value chain and help industry peers connect with each other through events and online communities.read more...
As knowledge partners for our clients we take up stakeholder engagement activities
Pmanifold Business Solutions Private Limited
Nagpur 741 Nelson Square Opp.Marina Residency,Behind Axis Bank,
Nagpur - 440013, Dist. Nagpur, Maharashtra
Verified SupplierCall 8048784890
Business Intelligence & Performance ManagementBusiness Intelligence and Performance Management is the enabling technology that provides organization an end-to-end solution for managing, organizing and exploiting data throughout the enterprise. These enabling technologies provide tools to bring all the pieces of your business together in a single organized data repositoryread more...
Rim Refource Infrastrutrre Managment India Pvt Ltd
Prashanth Nagar, Bengaluru Sapthagiri, No.12, 60 Feet Road NHBC Layout, Prashanth Nagar 17th Cross,
Bengaluru - 560079, Dist. Bengaluru, Karnataka
Verified SupplierCall 8048792219
Business ProposalWe are interested to make distributor network in India for fruit & vegetable products (pickle, murabba, chutney, sharbat, mango panna, amla & beal syrup, gulkand, vinegar) glaced & cry. fruits for bakery products etc.
Harnarains International
Tri Nagar, Delhi B-3/1, Lawrence Road, Industrial Area, Near Britannia Chowk, D-504, M2K, Victoria Garden, G T Road, Adjoining Model Town-3, Delhi-110033,,
Delhi - 110035, Dist. Delhi, Delhi
Verified SupplierCall 8045350348
Business ConsultingLayam’s Business Re-engineering combines aspects of re-engineering and business process outsourcing, and rationalizes them to return value in a short span of time. This, of course, maximizes long-term prospects of the business.How do you reinvent your business objectives with the ever-changing landscapes of the marketread more...
Layam Managment Solutions Private Limited
Adyar, Chennai 13/1, 5th Cross Street, Indiranagar, Adayar,
Chennai - 600020, Dist. Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Verified SupplierCall 8046065620
- No Image
Available
Business Auxiliary Services- Preparation of Projects Reports, Forecast, Cash-Flow Projections, Profitability Statements, etc.read more...
- Preparation of CMA for fund base as well as non-fund based credit facilities.
- Providing Advise on Business Plan for various types of businesses.
- Payroll Processing.
- No Image
Available
Business BenefitsAs a IT strategic partner, customers look at multiple business benefits. Often technology investments do not deliver the business returns that enterprises expect. Business benefit is rarely defined and even when it is, it overlaps across programs and is viewed differently by the critical stakeholders.Avertis is focused onread
- No Image
Available
Department ReviewA current period analysis of administrative functions, to evaluate the adequacy of controls, safeguarding of assets, efficient use of resources, compliance with related laws, regulations and University policy and integrity of financial information.
Navneet & Company
Sector 22 B, Chandigarh No. 1598, 1st floor Sector- 22B,
Chandigarh - 160022, Dist. Chandigarh, Chandigarh
Verified SupplierCall 8049442613
- View more Services related to Business Planning and ManagementA solid and tasty tropical chocolate blend, high in caffeine with earthy coating.
-12 ounces-
$12.00
A solid and tasty tropical chocolate blend.
A solid and tasty tropical chocolate blend, high in caffeine with earthy coating.
-12 ounces-
Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
Coffee
Nostalgic, bold, and festive, this blend is the perfect combination of sweet and spice.
Coffee
A bright, clean, beautiful blend of Colombia blonde and Costa Rica.
This Colombia dark has mellow chocolate notes.
Nutty and earthy with light hints of almond.
Coffee
This complete and balanced Costa Rica blend dials back the caffeine, so you don't overload.
Coffee
A complex blend of sweet and nutty tastes, full bodied with a smokey aftertaste.
Brilliant toasted rum with lingering syrup.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.KP photo
By
Addisalem Mulat
An invaluable lesson from rage pacifying Gamo
Without a shadow of doubt, conflict can arise anytime and anywhere on account of a range of reasons. Again and again, a wide spectrum of Ethiopian nations and nationalities make an effort to get to the bottom of quandaries employing a range of traditional conflict resolving mechanisms. From giddy up to whoa, most mechanisms are effective as they ensure peace without doubt. Above and beyond, there are various techniques senior citizens of different Nations, Nationalities and Peoples of Ethiopia utilize for the most part when conflict occurs.
In the same way, most indigenous conflict resolving mechanisms are the panacea in most parts of the country. They are effective for the reason that most people abide by the rules and regulations of their respective norms and cultures. Whenever predicaments surface elderly people solve problems with no trouble. Whatever the degree of conflict may be, senior citizens can easily solve them. More often than not, senior citizens living in the length and breadth of the country are highly respected by the community they live in. But as a whole, this is not bordering on a walk in the park.
By fair means or foul, if indigenous conflict resolving mechanisms are put into effect across the country in the midst of the various Nations, Nationalities and Peoples of Ethiopia, peace will prevail effortlessly in every nook and cranny of the country. Consequently, people should place emphasis on the indigenous conflict resolving mechanisms apart from familiarizing themselves with the nuts and bolts of the various conflict resolving mechanisms of the different Nations, Nationalities and Peoples of Ethiopia. Most people feel great and grateful as it prevents lawlessness from taking root.
Recently, the country was feeling a bit under the weather following the unrest stoked by some displeased segments of society. Some of them are still not happy with the wind of change surfacing in the left, right and center of the country. They are running the risk as they do not care about the future of the country. They simply focus on fattening their pockets at the expense of their compatriots over and over again. They always argue black is white. They are running amok. They do not like breathing new life into the country.
Be that as it may, at some point something unexpected came to happen recently in Burayu, found in Ethiopia’s Oromia state. Many lives were claimed, the majority of them from Gamo. It was a heartrending day for all Ethiopians. At that specific point, the hearts of most Ethiopians were broken. Everybody was seeing red. Over the course of time, people living in every corner of the country embarked on expressing their anger. All and sundry were expressing their disappointment in various ways seeing that the news was like a kick in the guts. A question mark was hanging over youngsters. When they heard news of the death of fellow citizens, an electric shock galloped through their bodies.
Likewise, the people of Gamo living in Arba Minch and its environs were getting themselves ready for a tooth for a tooth and an eye for an eye measure against the death of their compatriots under the guise of peaceful demonstration. Most of them were not able to control their innermost feelings. They did not know what they had to do and as a result, made up their mind to wipe out anything which belonged to the people of Oromo residing in Arba Minch. However, thanks to the sagacity and quick decision of the senior citizens of Gamo, the emotions of youngsters were controlled earlier than destroying properties and claiming the lives of their compatriots.
When youngsters made an effort to destroy everything which belonged to the people of Oromo, the elderly people of the area addressed the problem bringing into play their peculiar traditional conflict resolution techniques. To everyone’s surprise, the way senior citizens of the area solved the problem never ceased to amaze Ethiopians. In next to no time, their success story spread like wildfire across the country. They turned out to be the talk of all Ethiopians.
This journalist had a short stay with various senior citizens of the Gamo people with a view to discovering how they successfully controlled the emotions of youngsters who were getting themselves ready to destroy properties of the innocent ones.
Anjulo Arsha is one of the senior citizens who made an effort to calm down the emotions of youngsters putting into effect the traditional conflict resolving mechanisms of the Gamo area. He was born and raised in Dita Wereda. At this point in time, he runs his own business, possessing his own construction company.
Relating the incidence, Anjulo said, “Considering the death of the people of Gamo and other Ethiopians, the youth were very much disappointed. Their blood was boiling. They all lost their temper. It is really difficult to express the emotion of the people at that point. Everybody was disappointed. We were taking council with one another how to express our condolences for our compatriots who had lost their lives. After passing through a range of processes, we were given the green light to stage a peaceful demonstration in Arba Minch with the intention of expressing our heart-wrenching pains.”
He went on to say, “On the morrow, people from all walks of life set in motion flooding the streets of Arba Minch in a fraction of a second. The feelings of the people were hard to bottle up. Without exaggeration, it is really difficult to express the full extent of the story in a few words. Everybody was emotional. We did not know what we had to do. Then, we came into a conclusion to talk about the problem. The inhabitants of the area were crying bitterly. They were crying their eyes out. Everybody was shedding tears. We were simply making an effort to express our condolences based on our culture. Everybody irrespective of age and sex jump-started coming from Arba Minch and its environs. As tradition dictated, as their emotion hit nadirs, some of them were on all fours. We were heading from Gamo square to Stadium. As ill luck would have it, some of them went straight to Oromia Bank and began throwing stones.”
He stressed that the situation of the area soon kept on missing the intended target. “We were known for unequivocal influence. We really got confused. Before long, the whole thing turned upside down. The whole lot was getting out of our hands. In due course, we stood up holding grasses to contain the restlessness. The situation was falling from the frying pan into the fire over and over again. We did not know what we had to do. Subsequently, we knelt down in front of youngsters.” This time, the youth changed their minds after a short time. In a twinkle of an eye, the mood of the demonstrators was upturned.
In the fullness of time, “We asked them what they sought after. We told them that we are Ethiopians and the Bank belongs to us. We told them that we had to be logical and reasonable. Above and beyond, we said we should peacefully express our condolences and distance ourselves from revenge. You must be mindful that the crime was orchestrated by evil doers.”
He further stressed that “At the end of the day, the youth suggested the logo of the bank be brought down in no time at all. Afterward, we did as we were told to do so and thus we solved the problem. Later, we encountered some anti peace elements making an effort to slacken the change drive of the country. They were trying to destroy Haile Gebre Selassie’s resort. Most of the senior citizens of the area begged them to refrain themselves from such unwise act of vengeance.”
“In our area, whenever problems surface between two parties, elders solve them after a short time. There is a time in which we solve them using a piece of lion or tiger’s leather. The implication is boarding on “I have made a mistake. And I feel no better than a lame dog. Please leave me alone!” The next step will be negotiations between two parties. Senior citizens solve any type of problem at the stroke of a pen making use of various traditional ways of conflict resolving systems.”
“As senior citizens are highly respected by the community of the area, nobody will breach the law. If seniors rebuke youngsters, they accept them. In Gamo culture, there is no winner or loser,” he concluded.
Dr. Tora Abebe is one of the senior citizens. He is an instructor at Arba Minch University. He was born and raised at Arba Minch Zuria Woreda. He said, “There is a panoply of conflict resolving mechanisms in our area. Whenever problems crop up, we redress them at the drop of a hat. If somebody accuses somebody, senior citizens soon get themselves engaged in solving the problem. They do not simply take the weight off their feet binding hand and foot. Instead, they put into practice various traditional conflict solving mechanisms. Nobody dares to tell a lie. For instance, senior citizens curse a glass of water and make the accused persons drink. Besides, they curse a table and force them to touch.”
“If the problem is very serious, wrongdoers make a clean breast of their crime to the elderly people. Unless the youth respect senior citizens, there is a belief that they coexist harmoniously. If youngsters unknowingly make a mistake, they have to sit down for negotiations given that the Gamo people possess various problem solving mechanisms.”
“Whenever a lot of crises happen, there are ways to solve them. Sometimes to solve problems, the elderly people stand holding an ox between two opponents. The people of Gamo highly respect grasses. As a matter of fact, we as well use grasses in the course of wedding ceremonies.”
Mesfin Eltamo is the other senior citizen whom this writer approached. He lives in Arba Minch. He is a business person. According to him, conflict resolution is one of the cultures of the Gamo people. It is a well known fact that the people of Gamo solve problems without extra cost or easily. “As the people of the region had lived for years under the umbrella of traditional conflict resolutions, they grow to be fruitful,” he concluded.
“As most youngsters in the area were born and raised in the countryside, they know the traditional conflict resolving mechanisms like the palm of their hands. Most of the youth who had partaken in the peaceful demonstration were on familiar terms with the nitty-gritty of indigenous conflict resolutions.”
“Currently, the traditional conflict resolving mechanisms is flourishing over and over again. I would say, we are very lucky in this regard.”
He went on to say that “though the offense perpetrated against Gamo people and other Nations, Nationalities and People of Ethiopia was heartrending, most people had drawn important lessons. In a traditional way, it is possible to solve conflict before it arises and claims the lives of many. To the best of my knowledge, the media should play a major role in solving problems. Both print and electronic media of the country should place much emphasis on raising awareness pertaining to traditional conflict resolving mechanisms. Otherwise, they could go astray.”
He concluded that “in Gamo culture, we stick to commandments Holy books underline such as You shall not worship false Gods, You shall never take my name in vain, You shall keep the Sabbath day Holy, Honor your Father and Mother, You shall not murder, You shall not commit adultery, You shall not steal, among others.”
This writer believes that if the different Nations, Nationalities and Peoples of Ethiopians make an effort to put into effect the different conflict mechanisms, we can easily harvest the fruit of success.
Addisalem Mulat
A published author, journalist, translator, host of a newspaper interview, contributor to magazines and teacher from Ethiopia. M.A holder in English from Addis Ababa University.
You can be first to comment this post!All data is current as of 2013, unless otherwise noted.
Return to the list of all States & Territories.
How the right to counsel is administered and structured
State commission: none
Branch of government: executive
The Iowa Office of the State Public Defender is a statewide, state-funded executive branch agency that oversees representation services in all 99 counties for appeals, felonies, misdemeanors, juvenile delinquency and dependency cases.
How the right to counsel is funded
Percentage of state funding: 100%
Percentage of local funding: 0%
Percentage of alternate funding: 0%
The methods used to provide public counsel
The Iowa State Public Defender Office provides most direct services through 20 branch offices, with each office staffed by full-time attorneys and support staff. The agency also contracts with more than 1,000 private attorneys and several nonprofit organizations throughout Iowa to provide court-appointed representation in counties without public defender offices and in conflict matters.
Legal authority
Iowa Constitution, art. 1, § 10
Iowa Code, §§ 13B.1 through 13B.12 (public defenders), and §§ 815.1 through 815.14 (indigent defense compensation and fees)
Source of data: original research conducted by Sixth Amendment Center staff.Research Article - Neuropsychiatry (2017) Volume 7, Issue 6
Differences by Retrospective Illness Course on Burden,Expressed Emotion, Psychological Distress and Quality of Life in Relatives of Mexican Outpatients with Psychosis: A Cross-Sectional Study
Abstract.
Keywords
Burden, Expressed emotion, Psychological distress, Quality of Life, Psychosis, Illness course
Introduction
The availability and the efficacy of treatments for psychosis have evolved improving illness outcome and prognosis. As patients need less often to be institutionalized, the role of families as providers of informal care has increased. Initially, attention was paid to family environment as a significant factor in the onset and course of psychosis [1] leading to the development of several psychosocial interventions centered on the family unit to prevent relapses and clinical exacerbations [2,3]. Nevertheless, it must be acknowledged the caregivers’ need for support as they might also be affected by their relatives’ illness, experiencing worry, shame, stigma, guilt and even depression [4-7]. Both, as an influence on patients and as individuals at risk of distress, caregiving relatives are of interest to research and clinical practice [8-11] and concepts such as burden of care, expressed emotion, psychological distress and quality of life have become usual outcome measures when assessing this population.
Burden involves feelings of emotional overwhelming, physical discomfort, social life restrictions, and financial struggles [12,13], and also subtle but distressing notions such as embarrassment, stigma and self-blame [14]. Relatives of patients with psychosis are likely to suffer burden, increasing their risk of mental disorders [15,16]. Expressed emotion (EE) refers to critical, hostile or emotionally overinvolved attitudes and interactions of family members towards a relative with a disorder or impairment. Criticism, hostility, emotional over-involvement, warmth and positive remarks are its five original components. The first three have been most widely used to rate EE in families [17,18], and in some studies hostility and criticism have been considered as one single component [19]. Evidence supports that patients interacting with family members with high EE are at high risk for relapse [18,20]; nevertheless, a causal relationship should not be assumed, but rather an influence in both directions [21]. Relatives of patients with psychosis are also likely to experience psychological distress (PD), characterized by symptoms of depression and anxiety that might be tied in with somatic symptoms [22-25]. Furthermore, research has also found that the Quality of life (QoL) of people providing care to a relative with psychosis tends to diminish [26]. Health care literature abounds with articles reporting on these relative outcome measures and their association with various sociodemographic, clinical and psychological factors; yet, the possible differences by illness course in patients are to be explored.
Although severe, the course following a first episode of psychosis is rather heterogeneous and outcomes may vary from full recovery to a deteriorating chronic course [27-40]. It has been observed that between two and five years after the first episode, psychotic disorders seem to plateau and follow a more stable course [41], so that a fair prediction of course can be made by year three [42]. Regarding diagnosis, research has found schizophrenia to have a poorer global outcome when compared with other types of psychoses [43,44]. Although psychotic disorders share some key features (e.g. delusions, hallucinations, disorganized thinking, odd behavior, negative symptoms), by definition a clinical diagnosis of schizophrenia reflects a more severe condition in comparison to other psychoses (i.e. esquizofreniform, esquizoaffective, delusional, brief, others) [36]. For instance, schizophrenia implies that two or more key symptoms are continuously present for at least one month and that disturbance of daily functioning is significant and persistent for at least 6 months [36]. The presence of residual symptoms is another given criterion for illness course [45,46]. Residual symptoms are the signs of the disorder manifested by: (i) only negative symptoms or (ii) 2 or more characteristic symptoms (delusions, hallucinations, unorganized and incoherent speech, grossly unorganized or catatonic behavior, and negative symptoms) present in an attenuated manner (sub-threshold) (e.g., strange thoughts or beliefs or highly unusual perceptive experiences) [36]. Although usually not very intense, the persistence of residual symptoms might disrupt the patient’s functioning and causing him distress and diminishing his quality of life [47,48]. A relapse (a later psychotic episode) is defined as ‘‘the incidence of any major modification belonging to the psychological clinical picture, which causes the patient to be referred to a psychiatric center, to increase the dosage of the antipsychotic medication, or to be admitted to hospital’’ [49]. A relapse could have occurred as a change from (1) a state of complete reestablishment (absence of psychotic symptoms) to the reappearance of psychotic symptoms, or (2) a state of partial reestablishment (stable state of persistent symptoms) up to a clear worsening of the psychotic symptoms [45,49]. A relapsing course can be considered a negative outcome given that not only might lead to functional deterioration and diminished stability in employment and relationships [50] but also give the individual a sense of frustration and hopelessness when facing illness.
Although noble and morally satisfying, caregiving compares to a chronic stress experience featuring physical and psychological strain over extended periods of time, high levels of unpredictability and uncontrollability and requiring constant vigilance [51]. Research and clinical services due attention to those who provide informal care to patients on daily bases, not only because they can influence the patient but also because such responsibility exposes them to distress, increasing their vulnerability to physical and/or mental illness. Improving caregivers’ well-being would increase the quality of caregiving, improving treatment efficacy and patient rehabilitation. Available literature shows no previous research that had assessed burden, EE, PD and QoL in a single study, neither that had explored the possible effect of the course followed by psychosis (diagnosis, residual symptoms, and relapses). Research has found that patients’ poor outcome (e.g. poor functioning and high symptom severity) significantly relates to increased burden, EE, psychological distress, and poorer quality of life in their relatives [14,21,52,53]. Thus, considering the three above mentioned criteria for illness course, a less favorable psychological outcome would be expected in the relatives of those patients with a disfavorable course that is, diagnosed with schizophrenia, who still have residual symptoms and/or who have relapsed. In Mexico, limited research has been undertaken regarding relatives’ psychological state when providing care for a family member with psychosis. Therefore, this study aimed at assessing the levels of burden, EE, PD and QoL in a sample of relatives of Mexican outpatients with psychosis and exploring how they can be affected by illness course.
Method
▪ Participants
This cross sectional study was performed at the only public psychiatric hospital located in the city of Merida, Mexico. Protocol design, consent forms and measures were approved by the Hospital’s Research and Ethics Committees and conformed to the provisions of the Declaration of Helsinky [54]. First, patients were selected according to the following inclusion criteria: (1) a primary diagnosis of schizophrenia or other related disorder [36], (2) at least 3 years since the first episode of psychosis had occurred, (3) age at onset 16-45 years, and (4) inhabitant of Merida. Exclusion criteria were: (1) psychosis of affective, organic or toxic type, (2) evident intellectual disorder, and (3) inadequate contact information. According to the information recorded in clinical files, 158 cases met the criteria; yet, only 103 could be contacted (3 had passed away and 55 had moved away or were temporarily out of the city. Final sample included 65 patient/relative dyads who agreed to be interviewed, signing informed consent with no economic compensation involved. The primary caregiver was the relative identified by patient as the one s/he relies on for all issues related to the disorder (e.g. appointments, treatment, coping), providing most of the needed support, caring and company.
▪ Measures
Burden was measured with the Zarit Caregiver Burden Interview [55]. The scale includes 22 items addressing how relatives feel about the daily experience of taking care of a close one: interactions, physical and psychological wellbeing, finances, social life and expectations. Although it was originally designed for caregivers of people with dementia, its use has been satisfactorily extended to primary caregivers of patients with psychosis [56-58]. EE was measured with the Family Questionnaire [19], an instrument specially designed for relatives of patients with schizophrenia. It includes 20 items addressing the relatives’ level of intrusiveness, emotional response, attitude toward the illness, level of tolerance and expectations. It yields one global and two subscale scores: criticism and emotional over-involvement. PD was measured with the General Health Questionnaire (GHQ- 28). Its 28 items are distributed in 4 subscales: somatic symptoms, anxiety and insomnia, social dysfunction, and depression. The scale has been used in relatives of patients with schizophrenia or other psychiatric disorders to detect cases of at-risk mental states [22,23,25]. QoL was measured with the World Health Organization Quality of Life Questionnaire, abbreviated version (WHOQOL-BREF) [59]. This 26-item was designed by the World Health Organization [60] to assess QoL cross-culturally. The first and second items question about overall QoL and general health, respectively, and are scored individually. The remaining 24 items are distributed in four domains: physical health, psychological well-being, social relationships and satisfaction with the conditions of the immediate environment. This instrument is widely used in diverse populations, including relatives of patients with schizophrenia [60,61]. All scales were presented in Likert format (scores from 1 to 4) and self-responded by relatives. High scores in burden, EE and PD and low scores in QoL represent a negative psychological state.
Clinical records and interviews [62] with patients were used to establish the course of illness at the time of assessment and to categorize it according to three criteria: a) relapses (i.e. exacerbation of psychotic symptoms requiring hospitalization and/or increase in medication [45] in the time period from the first episode to participation in the study), b) residual symptoms (only negative symptoms or two or more positive symptoms present in an attenuated form [36], and c) primary clinical diagnosis [36,62].
▪ Statistical analysis
Data were analyzed with the SPSS v.20 software. Descriptive statistics (means, standard deviations) were generated for all scales. Kolmogorov- Smirnov tests revealed that data in groups were not normally distributed (p≤0.05); thus, nonparametric tests were performed. Sequentially, one tailed Mann-Whitney tests explored differences between groups defined by the three retrospective illness course criteria. Tests were performed with global scores summing all the corresponding items for Burden (22 items), Expressed emotion (20 items), Psychological distress (28 items), and Quality of life (26 items). Effect sizes (r) were estimated as a reference; nevertheless, given that data were not normally distributed, interpretation is limited. Two-way Anova tests explored possible interactive effects between criteria pairs.
Results
Patients’ mean age was 36.2 (SD=9.8) years and mean age at onset of psychosis was 29.3 years (SD=9.7). Retrospective illness course time ranged from 3 to 14 years, with a mean of 6.9 (SD=2.1). Clinical diagnosis included 44 cases of schizophrenia (16 paranoid, 3 disorganized, 1 catatonic, 24 residual) and 21 cases of other psychoses (9 esquizoaffective, 7 delusional, 2 esquizofreniform, 2 brief, 1 not otherwise specified). In the group of patients with schizophrenia with residual symptoms 19 had experienced at least one relapse while 5 had only one single episode. In the group of patients with schizophrenia with no residual symptoms 14 had experienced at least one relapse while 6 had only one single episode. In the group of patients with other psychoses with residual symptoms 5 had experienced at least one relapse while 6 had only one single episode. In the group of patients with other psychoses with no residual symptoms 3 had experienced at least one relapse while 7 had only one single episode. At the time of assessment none of the patients reported to have any other medical condition requiring specialized treatment.
Sample included 30 (46.2%) parents, 17 (26.2%) spouses, 7 (10.8%) siblings, 6 (9.2%) offspring and 5 (7.7%) other relatives (grandmother, aunt, nephew, mother-in-law and sister-in-law). All relatives have contact with the patient at least once a week and 58 (89.2%) live with him/her. Most relatives (73.8%) were female; mean age was 48.7 years (SD=16.5, from 16 to 85), with no significant differences by sex (t(63)= -1.10). Forty (61.5%) had secondary or lower educational level (up to 9th grade). Sex, age, and educational level of relatives were not significantly related to any of the outcome measures.
Individual item and mean scale scores could range from 1 to 4, being considering the value of 2.5 as the mid-point. Thus, as the mean scores for burden, EE, and PD were below 2.5 and for QoL above 2.5, it could be assumed that relatives reported a fairly positive psychological state. Descriptive data is presented in Table 1.
Table 1: Descriptive Statistics for Outcome Variables (N=65).
Analyzing how burden, EE, PD and QoL could be affected by retrospective illness course it was found that relatives of patients with schizophrenia in comparison to relatives of patients with other type of psychosis had similar outcomes. When considering relapses, relatives of patients who have not relapsed reported significantly higher levels of depression (GHQ-28); yet, the effect size was very small (r=-0.06). The residual symptom criterion stands out when comparing relatives according to the patient’s retrospective illness course. Relatives of patients with residual symptoms scored significantly higher in burden and EE, with medium effect sizes (r ≥ 0.30). They also scored higher in some dimensions of PD and lower in some aspects of QoL; yet, effect sizes were small (Table 2). No significant interaction effects between illness course criteria were found for any of the outcome variables.
U: Mann-Whitney test statistic. z: associated z-score. p: level of significance. r: effect size.
One-tailed significant results (p=0.05) in bold.
Table 2: Differences in Burden, Expressed Emotion, Psychological Distress and Quality of Life According to Illness Course Criteria (N=65).
Discussion
This study aimed at assessing the levels of burden, EE, PD and QoL in a sample of understudied relatives, that is, relatives of Mexican outpatients with psychosis. Overall, participants reported a positive psychological state, with low levels of burden, EE, PD and good levels of QoL. This might well, at first, call into question the validity of the results; however, other arguments must be considered. The expression and levels of PD may vary by ethnicity; if the individual’s behavior and functioning is distant from cultural norms and values endorsed by culture, family member may find more difficult to interact with the patient and being less critical [63]. Previous studies in families of Mexican origin (in the United States) have shown that they are less critical and have a better acceptance of psychosis [64,65]. Moreover, it must be considered that in Latin American cultures people are more likely to receive support from their immediate communities, and that might moderate the impact that illness can have on relatives [66]. Nevertheless, it should also been taken into account that this study included relatives of patients with a chronic course but also of patients with a more favorable course and that might have biased the overall result.
Another aim was to explore the possible effect of retrospective illness course in relative outcome. Overall, higher levels of burden, EE, PD and lower QoL were found in relatives of patients who have a diagnosis of schizophrenia, have residual symptoms or have experienced any relapse; probably because these patterns of retrospective illness course indicate a more severe disorder. However, it was the presence of residual symptoms, rather than the occurrence of any relapse or a diagnosed schizophrenia, the retrospective illness course criterion clearly making a significant difference. Psychotic episodes are characterized by dramatic changes on the individual’s behavior and cognitions; yet, once acute symptoms have remitted, stable periods follow. Nevertheless, in some cases, residual symptoms (i.e. attenuated positive symptoms and/or negative symptoms) might persist and prevent the individual’s functional recovery. This situation might cause stress to caregivers as they worry about their ill relative and his future, wondering about his ability to establish interpersonal relationships and function independently in everyday life [67-69]. Patient residual symptoms might hinder his/her total reintegration to daily tasks and responsibilities (e.g. formal employment), affecting the socio-economic status of the family. Moreover, residual symptoms in psychosis, compared to onset/relapse symptoms, are rather mild and relatives might misinterpret them as unwillingness of patient to get involved in common social, family and working activities. These dynamics might overload the other members of the family and indirectly increase burden, EE, PD and diminish QoL. Efforts have been made to interpret the experience of caregiving and its outcome under the light of theoretical models, some considering stresscoping and cognitive appraisals [70,71]; however further research to test hypotheses on more than a single outcome variable according to these models has yet to be done. At present, the impact of psychosis on family life and the importance of the family’s collaboration to properly address the disorder are undeniable. Family members of patients with psychosis must face possible crisis situations and live with a person suffering from a disorder which may become chronic and require prolonged treatments, even for life. Relatives often contribute to the patient’s care and find themselves in need of education, guidance, and support, as well as training to optimize their caretaking role and to protect/improve their own well-being. Accordingly, current international guidelines encourage psycho-educational programs to provide families with information regarding the disorder and training of skills for better coping. Yet, it is recommended to transmit information gradually depending on the needs and uncertainties of the patient and his/her family and the phase of the disorder the patient is in. Findings from the present study not only provide evidence of the effect of illness course on the psychological state of relatives but also identify the presence of residual symptoms (in patients) as a particular condition affecting their overall well-being. Including four of the most relevant outcome measures in the study of relatives of patients with a mental disorder offers a clear picture of the negative effect of an illness course characterized by residual symptoms. Therefore, design and implementation of psychoeducational programs for this population should focus on the understanding and managing of residual symptomatology.
Limitations
Some limitations of the study must be observed. Although simplifying the course of psychosis into two categories has been useful for research purposes [45,46,49,72], its heterogeneity and complexity is undeniable. Given the limited number of participants, it was not possible to perform finer analyses with groups formed considering simultaneously the three criterion (e.g. relatives of patients with schizophrenia, a relapsing course and residual symptoms) that would allow us to understand more clearly the effect of the patient clinical status on the relative. Expanding the inclusion criteria to include relatives of patients with other types of psychoses or with other mental disorders would also enrich future studies. Furthermore, the measurement of a more ample number of potential patient and caregiver socio-demographic and clinical factors, related with both exposure and outcome and that may function as confounders, must be considered. This would allow a finer multivariable analysis considering possible confounding bias and would enhance the interpretation of results.
Conclusions
Notwithstanding its limitations, the present study provides evidence that, even though burden, EE, PD and poor QoL reported by relatives of patients with psychosis in Mexico are rather low, they are particularly influenced by patient residual symptoms. As most patients are now at home and under the care of their families it is important to involve relatives not only as care providers but also as individuals whose psychological well-being is at risk. Assessing the psychological state of relatives and exploring new factors of influence would provide the necessary information to identify those in risk so that targeted early interventions can be designed and provided.
References
- Johnstone L. Family management in “schizophrenia”: Its assumptions and contradictions. J. Ment. Heal 2(3), 255–269 (1993).
- Barbato A, D’Avanzo B. Family interventions in schizophrenia and related disorders: A critical review of clinical trials. Acta. Psychiatr. Scand 102(2), 81-97 (2000).
- Reine G, Lancon C, Simeoni MC, et al. Caregiver burden in relatives of persons with schizophrenia: An overview of measure instruments. Encephale 29(2), 137–147 (2003).
- Barrowclough C, Tarrier N, Johnston M. Distress, expressed emotion, and attributions in relatives of schizophrenia patients. Schizophr. Bull 22(4), 691–702 (1996).
- Szmukler G. From family burden to caregiving. Psychiatr. Bull 20(1), 449–451 (1996).
- Schene AH, van Wijngaarden B, Koeter MWJ. Family caregiving in schizophrenia: Domains and distress. Schizophr. Bull 24(4), 609–618 (1998).
- Addington J, Collins A, McCleery A, et al. The role of family work in early psychosis. Schizophr. Res 79(1), 77–83 (2005).
- Testart J, Richieri R, Caqueo-Urízar A, et al. Quality of life and other outcome measures in caregivers of patients with schizophrenia. Expert. Rev. Pharmacoecon. Outcomes. Res 13(5), 641–649 (2013).
- Jansen JE, Haahr UH, Harder S, et al. Caregiver distress in first-episode psychosis: The role of subjective appraisal, over-involvement and symptomatology. Soc. Psychiatry. Psychiatr. Epidemiol 50(3), 371–378 (2015).
- Jansen JE, Gleeson J, Cotton S. Towards a better understanding of caregiver distress in early psychosis: A systematic review of the psychological factors involved. Clin. Psychol. Rev 35(1), 56–66 (2015).
- Tomlinson E, Onwumere J, Kuipers E. Distress and negative experiences of the caregiving relationship in early psychosis: Does social cognition play a role? Early. Interv. Psychiatry 8(3), 253–260 (2014).
- Rafiyah I, Sutharangsee W. Review: Burden on family caregivers caring for patients with schizophrenia and its related factors. Nurse. Media. J. Nurs 1(1), 29–41 (2011).
- Caqueo-Urízar A, Gutiérrez-Maldonado J, Miranda-Castillo C. Quality of life in caregivers of patients with schizophrenia: A literature review. Health. Qual. Life. Outcomes 7(1), 84 (2009).
- Awad AG, Voruganti LNP. The burden of schizophrenia on caregivers: A review. Pharmacoeconomics 26(2), 149–162 (2008).
- Caqueo-Urízar A, Miranda-Castillo C, Lemos-Giráldez S, et al. An updated review on burden on caregivers of schizophrenia patients. Psicothema 26(2), 235–243 (2014).
- Lasebikan VO, Ayinde OO. Family burden in caregivers of schizophrenia patients: Prevalence and socio-demographic correlates. Indian. J. Psychol. Med 35(1), 60–66 (2013).
- Barrowclough C, Hooley JM. Attributions and expressed emotion: A review. Clin. Psychol. Rev 23(6), 849–880 (2003).
- Amaresha AC, Venkatasubramanian G. Expressed emotion in schizophrenia: An overview. Indian. J. Psychol. Med 34(1), 12–20 (2012).
- Wiedemann G, Rayki O, Feinstein E, et al. The Family Questionnaire: Development and validation of a new self-report scale for assessing expressed emotion. Psychiatry. Res 109(3), 265–279 (2002).
- Hooley JM. Expressed emotion and relapse of psychopathology. Annu. Rev. Clin. Psychol 3(1), 329–352 (2007).
- Rascón ML, Gutiérrez M de L, Valencia M, et al. Relación entre la emoción expresada por el familiar responsable y la conducta sintomático de pacientes con esquizofrenia, incluido el funcionamiento social. Salud. Ment 31(), 205–212 (2008).
- Anjum W, Chaudhry HR, Irfan M. Burden of care in caregivers of patients with schizophrenia and epilepsy. J. Pakistan. Psychiatr. Soc 7(2), 79–83 (2010).
- Hosseini SH, Sheykhmounesi F, Shahmohammadi S. Evaluation of mental health status in caregivers of patients with chronic psychiatric disorders. Pakistan. J. Biol. Sci 13(7), 325–329 (2010).
- Tennakoon L. Experience of caregiving: Relatives of people experiencing a first episode of psychosis. Br. J. Psychiatry 177(6), 529–533 (2000).
- Koutra K, Triliva S, Roumeliotaki T, et al. Family functioning in families of first-episode psychosis patients as compared to chronic mentally ill patients and healthy controls. Psychiatry. Res 219(3), 486–496 (2014).
- Fischer M, Kemmler G, Meise UII. How nice that someone is interested in me for a change. Psychiatr. Prax 31(2), 60–67 (2004).
- Foldemo A, Gullberg M, Ek AC, et al. Quality of life and burden in parents of outpatients with schizophrenia. Soc. Psychiatry. Psychiatr. Epidemiol 40(2), 133–138 (2005).
- Li J, Lambert CE, Lambert VA. Predictors of family caregivers’ burden and quality of life when providing care for a family member with schizophrenia in the People's Republic of China. Nurs. Health. Sci 9(3), 192–198 (2007).
- Richieri R, Boyer L, Reine G, et al. A preliminary validation of a new French instrument to assess quality of life for caregivers of patients suffering from schizophrenia. Encephale 37(6), 425–432 (2011).
- Margetić BA, Jakovljević M, Furjan Z, et al. Quality of life of key caregivers of schizophrenia patients and association with kinship. Cent. Eur. J. Public. Health 21(4), 220–223 (2013).
- Lueboonthavatchai P, Lueboonthavatchai O. Quality of life and correlated health status and social support of schizophrenic patients’ caregivers. J. Med. Assoc. Thai 89(3), S13–S19 (2006).
- Zamzam R, Midin M, Hooi LS, et al. Schizophrenia in Malaysian families: A study on factors associated with quality of life of primary family caregivers. Int. J. Ment. Health. Syst 5(1), 16 (2011).
- Csoboth C, Witt EA, Villa KF, et al. The humanistic and economic burden of providing care for a patient with schizophrenia. Int. J. Soc. Psychiatry 61(8), 754–761 (2015).
- Panigrahi S, Acharya RK, Patel MK, et al. Quality of life in caregivers of patients with schizophrenia and its correlation with severity of illness. Int. J. Eng. Sci 3(6), 55–60 (2014).
- Boyer L, Caqueo-Urizar A, Richieri R, et al. Quality of life among caregivers of patients with schizophrenia: a cross-cultural comparison of Chilean and French families. BMC. Fam. Pract 13(1), 42 (2012).
- American Psychiatric Association. Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (4th ed., Text Revision). Author, Washington, DC (2000).
- Ciompi L. The natural history of schizophrenia in the long term. Br. J. Psychiatry 136(1), 413–420 (1980).
- Jablensky A, Sartorius N, Ernberg G, et al. Schizophrenia: Manifestations, incidence and course in different cultures: A World Health Organization ten-country study. Psychol. Med 20(1), 1–97 (1992).
- Shepherd M, Watt D, Falloon I, et al. The natural history of schizophrenia: A five-year follow-up study of outcome and prediction in a representative sample of schizophrenics. Psychol. Med 15(1), 1–46 (1989).
- Valencia M, Caraveo J, Colin R, et al. Remisión sintomática y recuperación funcional en pacientes que padecen esquizofrenia. Salud. Ment 37(1), 59–74 (2014).
- Barnes TRE, Pant A. Long-term course and outcome of schizophrenia. Psychiatry 4(1), 29–32 (2005).
- Birchwood M. The critical period for early intervention. In: Birchwood M, Fowler D, Jackson C (Eds) Early Interv. Psychos. A Guid. to Concepts, Evidence and Interventions. John Wiley & Sons Ltd, Chichester, UK, 28–63 (2000).
- Möller H-J, Bottlender R, Wegner U, et al. Long-term course of schizophrenic, affective and schizoaffective psychosis: Focus on negative symptoms and their impact on global indicators of outcome. Acta. Psychiatr. Scand 407(1), 54–57 (2000).
- Ritsner M, Modai I, Endicott J, et al. Differences in quality of life domains and psychopathologic and psychosocial factors in psychiatric patients. J. Clin. Psychiatry 61(11), 880–889 (2000).
- Rosen K, Garety P. Predicting recovery from schizophrenia: A retrospective comparison of characteristics at onset of people with singe and multiple episodes. Schizophr. Bull 31(3), 735–750 (2005).
- Vazquez-Barquero JL, Cuesta MJ, Herrera Castanedo S, et al. Cantabria first-episode schizophrenia study: Three-year follow-up. Br. J. Psychiatry 174(1), 141–149 (1999).
- Rudnick A. The impact of coping on the relation between symptoms and quality of life. Psychiatry. Interpers. Biol. Process 64(4), 304–308 (2001).
- Thorup A, Petersen L, Jeppesen P, et al. The quality of life among first-episode psychotic patients in the opus trial. Schizophr. Res 116(1), 27–34 (2010).
- Altamura AC, Bassetti R, Sassella F, et al. Duration of untreated psychosis as a predictor of outcome in first-episode schizophrenia: A retrospective study. Schizophr. Res 52(1-2), 29–36 (2001).
- Nasrallah HA, Lasser R. Improving patient outcomes in schizophrenia: Achieving remission. J. Psychopharmacol 20(6S), 57–61 (2006).
- Schulz R, Sherwood PR. Physical and mental health effects of family caregiving. Am. J. Nurs 108(9S), 23–27 (2008).
- Stanley S, Balakrishnan S, Ilangovan S. Psychological distress, perceived burden and quality of life in caregivers of persons with schizophrenia. J. Ment. Heal 26(2), 134–141 (2017).
- Koutra K, Triliva S, Roumeliotaki T, et al. Family Functioning in first-episode and chronic psychosis: The role of patient’s symptom Severity and Psychosocial Functioning. Community. Ment. Health. J 52(6), 710–723 (2016).
- World Medical Association. World Medical Association. Declaration of Helsinki: Ethical principles for medical research involving human subjects. JAMA 310(20), 2191–2194 (2013).
- Zarit SH, Reever KE, Bach-Peterson J. Relatives of impaired elderly: Correlates of feelings of burden. Gerontologist 20(6), 649–655 (1980).
- Hanzawa S, Tanaka G, Inadomi H, et al. Burden and coping strategies in mothers of patients with schizophrenia in Japan. Psychiatry. Clin. Neurosci 62(3), 256–263 (2008).
- Yusuf AJ, Nuhu FT, Akinbiyi A. Caregiver burden among relatives of patients with schizophrenia in Katsina, Nigeria. South African. J. Psychiatry 15(1), 43–47 (2009).
- Caqueo-Urízar A, Gutiérrez-Maldonado J, Ferrer-García M, et al. Calidad de vida en pacientes con esquizofrenia de ascendencia étnica Aymara en el norte de Chile. Rev. Psiquiatr. Y. Salud. Ment 5(2), 121–126 (2012).
- Lucas R. Versión española del WHOQOL. Ergón, Madrid (1998).
- The WHOQOL Group. Development of the World Health Organization WHOQOL-BREF Quality of Life Assessment. Psychol. Med 28(3), 551–558 (1998).
- Kate N, Grover S, Kulhara P, et al. Relationship of quality of life with coping and burden in primary caregivers of patients with schizophrenia. Int. J. Soc. Psychiatry 60(2), 107–116 (2014).
- First MB, Spitzer RL, Gibbon M, et al. Structured Clinical Interview for the DSM-IV Axis I Disorders (SCID). New York State Psychiatric Institute, Biometrics Research, New York (1995).
- Kymalainen JA, Weisman de Mamani AG. Expressed emotion, communication deviance, and culture in families of patients with schizophrenia: A review of the literature. Cult. Divers. Ethn. Minor. Psychol 14(2, 85–91 (2008).
- Dorian M, Ramírez-García JI, López SR, et al. Acceptance and expressed emotion in Mexican American caregivers of relatives with schizophrenia. Fam. Process 47(2), 215–228 (2008).
- Kopelowicz A, López SR, Zarate R, et al. Expressed emotion and family interactions in Mexican Americans with schizophrenia. J. Nerv. Ment. Dis 194(5), 330–334 (2006).
- Möller-Leimkühler AM. Burden of relatives and predictors of burden. Baseline results from the Munich 5-year-follow-up study on relatives of first hospitalized patients with schizophrenia or depression. Eur. Arch. Psychiatry. Clin. Neurosci 255(4), 223–231 (2005).
- Hjärthag F, Helldin L, Olsson A-K, et al. Family burden and functional assessment in the Swedish CLIPS-study: Do staff and relatives agree on individuals with psychotic disorders’ functional status? Soc. Psychiatry. Psychiatr. Epidemiol 47(4), 581–587 (2012).
- Jungbauer J, Angermeyer MC. Living with a schizophrenic patient: A comparative study of burden as it affects parents and spouses. Psychiatry 65(2), 110–123 (2002).
- Hadryś T, Adamowski T, Kiejna A. Mental disorder in Polish families: Is diagnosis a predictor of caregiver’s burden? Soc. Psychiatry. Psychiatr. Epidemiol 46(5), 363–372 (2011).
- Szmukler G, Burgess P, Herrman H, et al. Caring for relatives with serious mental illness: The development of the Experience of Caregiving Inventory. Soc. Psychiatry. Psychiatr. Epidemiol 31(3-4), 137–148 (1996).
- Kuipers E, Onwumere J, Bebbington P. Cognitive model of caregiving in psychosis. Br. J. Psychiatry 196(4), 259–265 (2010).
- Gómez-de-Regil L, Kwapil TR, Blanqué JM, et al. Predictors of outcome in the early course of first-episode psychosis. Eur. J. Psychiatry 24(2), 87–97 (2010).Bernard DurkanCeist:
57. Deputy Bernard J. Durkan asked the Tánaiste and Minister for Social Protection the extent to which she expects lone parents to be in a position to maintain their level of income in the aftermath of a reduction in entitlements; and if she will make a statement on the matter. [9765/15]Amharc ar fhreagraFreaks Sentence Examples
- Though indeed we might look nearer home than the Talmud for similar absurdities; most Puritan communities could furnish strange freaks of Sabbatarian casuistry.
- In one of his incomprehensible freaks he set off for Lyons, and, after abandoning his companion in an epileptic fit, returned to Annecy to find Madame de Warens gone.
-).
- Sterne's clerical character was far from being universally injured by his indecorous freaks as a humorist: Lord Fauconberg presented the author of Tristram Shandy with the perpetual curacy of Coxwold.
- The Toy-Shop is an amusing collection of these freaks of nature.
-.
- In this aspect they are natural phenomena still, but phenomena as originally conceived of by the personifying imagination of the savage, and credited, like the gods of the Maori or the Australian, with all manner of freaks, adventures and disguises.Sara Thylander
1 – 10 of 13
- show: 10
- |
- sort: year (new to old)
Embed this list
<iframe src=""
width=""
height=""
allowtransparency="true"
frameborder="0">
</iframe>
- 2017
- Electro-viscoelastic response of an acrylic elastomer analysed by digital image correlation
- A non-affine electro-viscoelastic microsphere model for dielectric elastomers: Application to VHB 4910 based actuators
- 2016
- Towards control of viscous effects in acrylic-based actuator applications
- Microsphere-based modeling of electro-active polymers
- 2014
- Modelling of viscous dielectric elastomers using a non-affine micro-sphere formulation
- A non-affine micro-sphere formulation for electroactive polymers
- A non-affine micro-sphere formulation for viscous electroactive polymers
- 2013
- A non-affine micro-sphere formulation for electroactive polymers
- Modeling and simulation of electroviscoelasticity
- 2012
- An electromechanically coupled micro-sphere framework: application to the finite element analysis of electrostrictive polymersWhat is another word for tax reduction?
Synonyms for tax reductiontax re·duc·tion
This thesaurus page is about all possible synonyms, equivalent, same meaning and similar words for the term tax reduction.
We couldn't find direct synonyms for the term tax reduction.
Maybe you were looking for one of these terms?
tax policy, tax preparation, tax program, tax protester, tax rate, tax reform, tax refund, tax residence, tax resister, tax resistersGratitude, Podcast, Women in Leadership March 1, 2018/0 Comments/by Elisa 0 0 Elisa Elisa2018-03-01 03:58:542018-03-01 03:59:10March 1st 2018
March 1st 2018
4 Steps to Quit Saving Money for the Wrong Reasons
Empathy by Design

”FEARLESS”
Give Up Expectations, Receive Love
Genuine Stories Create Extraordinary IMPACT
Tell YOUR story
On an ideal day, before starting work I’ll meditate, write in a journal and read a devotional. If feeling really crazy I’ll exercise. It helps to begin the day with solid footing and elevated aspirations.
Yesterday morning I read the Bible verse, “Give your contributions privately. Your Father sees what you do in private. He will reward you.” Matthew 6:4 Regardless of your beliefs, that wisdom rings especially true in this age of social media and personal branding. Too many people (in my not-so-humble opinion) wear their ‘altruism’ overtly publicly which begs the question: for whom are they doing it? (Someone with proper grammar please tell me if who or whom is correct there.)
Now here I am with a dilemma. Do I keep my experience yesterday private or do I share it publicly because I was profoundly moved? Let’s first go back…. Read more
Lower Holiday Stress just by Breathing
The Extraordinary Impact of Gratitude
This time of year, most Americans focus on thankfulness. (Canadians were thankful last month.) Social media abounds with posts touting gratitude, service, and reconciliation. Let’s all come together!
And then January happens…..
Read more
A Strong Funny Bone Can’t Be BrokenEpisode 1 - A short reminder on the virtue of knowledge.
Explantion of Riyad-us-Saliheen.
Virtues of the blessed area of As-Shaam.
A short lecture on the benefits and virtues of marriage in Islam.
Explanation of Riyaad us Saliheen.
A short reminder highlighting the importance of making the most of time.
An inspiring reminder about becoming a leader & having a vision for the future.Gold plated geometric cuff with a rectangular peach semi-precious stone. Magnetic closure. 2.5" in diameter.
Marble adds an earthy element to this graphic cuff by Lizzie Fortunato. It’ll make a luxe addition to a day outfit.
NEW! Add your favorites to a shortlist to organize for upcoming occasions.
Click a <3 to start!
We created a shortlist for
Click the <3 to save your favoritesF Clinic is a new clinic focused on quality, international standards reinforced with a variety of services to meet the needs of both skin and surgery.
Plastic Surgeon
Buttock Implants
7,900 - 14,300 US$
* More than 150 Complex Nose Jobs per year
* More than 1000 Plastic Surgeries
Plastic, Reconstructive And Aesthetics Surgeon
upon request
2,950 - 3,100 US$
Aesthetics, Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery Department of our hospital deals with the correction of the patient's physical appearances and functional structures so as to contribute in maintaining a healthy life.
ENT and Cosmetic Surgeon
Cosmetic Surgeon
2,600 US$
Prices are valid until the end of February 2019.
Kardiolita Hospital is currently promoting highest quality plastic surgeries which are performed by our highly experienced plastic surgeons.
Dr. Romeo V. Bato and his team have over 15 years of experience in cosmetic surgery. The clinic offers a complete range of cosmetic surgery and aesthetic procedures, treating both Filipino and foreign patients alike.
3,600 - 5
3,700 - 4,500 US$:Hertz has profitable role to play in ride-hailing, CEO says
The rental-car business isn’t dead and working with ride-hailing companies will actually offset any market share lost to them, Hertz Global Holdings Inc.’s chief executive officer said.
“We don’t see ride hailing as an enemy,” CEO Kathy Marinello said on a conference call with analysts Friday. “It is profitable for us and I see it being.
Meanwhile, short-term rentals vulnerable to competition from Uber or Lyft make up just 5 to 7 percent of Hertz’s rental volume, Marinello said.
“As the saying goes, hold your friends close and your enemies closer,” she said. “We want to work with them, meet those needs and take advantage of getting more out of an asset that I think we’ve turned too quickly in this business.”
Source:DevelopmentMr. Waddle was designed by My Little Pony Friendship is Magic character designer Rebecca Dart, who stated in an interview[1] that she designed a bespectacled old male pony, and mentioned on Twitter[2] that the pony in question was designed as "Incidental Senior Pony #3". According to Tabitha St. Germain on Twitter, Mr. Waddle may have been voiced by an animator.
Depiction in the series
Mr. Waddle in A Friend in Deed.
In Hearts and Hooves Day, Mr. Waddle is seen at a funeral service during The Perfect Stallion, wearing a clerical collar. As Sweetie Belle sings about finding a very special somepony for Cheerilee, she remarks about Mr. Waddle "this one's too old". He later appears in a wide shot of Ponyville wearing his original bow tie while standing with "Chelsea Porcelain".
Waddle appears again at the beginning of A Friend in Deed, wearing a large, polka dotted bow tie. When Pinkie Pie passes him by, she compliments his bow tie and he blushes. He appears in A Canterlot Wedding - Part 2 during This Day Aria, Part 1, again wearing his original bow tie while standing next to "Chelsea Porcelain" in the wedding audience.
Mr. Waddle appears as part of the crowd outside the Golden Oak Library in Too Many Pinkie Pies, and he also appears in Sleepless in Ponyville.
Mr. Waddle also appears in Pinkie Pride during The Super Duper Party Pony, in Leap of Faith, in Trade Ya!, and in Equestria Games. In Make New Friends but Keep Discord, Mr. Waddle appears (with a different cutie mark) as a guest of the Grand Galloping Gala. In Slice of Life, he appears (with yet another different cutie mark) at Cranky Doodle Donkey and Matilda's wedding. In Do Princesses Dream of Magic Sheep?, he appears in Ponyville's shared dream.
In The Saddle Row Review, Mr. Waddle appears as a diner patron during Fluttershy's interview segments.
In The Perfect Pear, Mr. Waddle appears as a young stallion in multiple flashbacks. In It Isn't the Mane Thing About You, he appears in Mr. Breezy's store admiring the fans. In Once Upon a Zeppelin, he appears as one of the cruise attendees.
In School Daze - Part 1, he appears as a member of the Equestria Educational Association. In Grannies Gone Wild, he is among the elderly ponies seen visiting Flim and Flam's resort.
Appearances
- See also: Character appearances
Depiction in Equestria Girls
Mr. Waddle's human counterpart briefly appears in the My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Summertime Shorts Shake Things Up!, as a customer at an orange juice bar at the Canterlot Mall, and Coinky-Dink World, in which he dances with Pearly Stitch at the Sweet Snacks Café.
Other depictions
IDW comics
Mr. Waddle makes a speaking appearance on My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic Issue #9 page 16, wearing his clerical collar, a non-speaking appearance on Issue #27 page 6, wearing a differently-colored collar, and a speaking appearance in My Little Pony: Ponyville Mysteries Issue #3.
My Little Pony (mobile game)
Mr. Waddle is a character in Gameloft's mobile game. The game's description of him states, "This sweet old stallion wears a polka-dot tie. You can make him blush with the bat of an eye."
Merchandise
In the Enterplay collectible card game's expansion set Absolute Discord, card #46 R of Mr. Waddle lists his name with a trademark symbol and gives him the description "At least he doesn't snore." For the same set, a digital card of The Smooze shows Mr. Waddle as in Make New Friends but Keep Discord.[3]
Quotes
- Pinkie Pie: Looking fit as a fiddle, Mr. Waddle, and you're wearing my favorite tie!
- Mr. Waddle: Aw, shucks, Miss Pinkie, you flatterer you.
My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic Issue #9
- Mr. Waddle: Everypony partner up! It's time for the Summer Wrap-Up Festival Games!
Gallery
See also
- Mr. Waddle, Frequent Napper on the Collectible Card Game Wiki
- Mr. Waddle on the My Little Pony Gameloft Wiki
References
- ↑ Interview with Rebecca Dart - Queen Chrysalis Designer. Equestria Daily (2012-08-20). Retrieved on 2013 December 22.
- ↑ Twitter / R_Dart: @GuyOthersome @EquestriaDaily .... Twitter (2012-08-20). Retrieved on 2013 December 22.
- ↑ MLP: CCG on Twitter: "What's this?! A brand new digital Mane Character card for #mlpccg Discord Day!". Twitter (2015-05-23). Retrieved on 2015 May 24.The following is a transcript of an article that appeared in Sydney’s Sun Herald newspaper on September 12. It details the tomes that altered my perception as a writer, reader and member of the human race…What are yours?
THE BOOKS THAT CHANGED ME: DARREN GROTH
‘Jaws’ by Peter Benchley
I read this when I was in grade 8. It was one of the first books I saw when I wandered wide-eyed into Brisbane’s Marcellin College library during my first week of “grown-up” high school. I took it off the stand, sat down and started reading. There was a naked chick and a shark attack barely a step into the story. I thought it was the greatest book ever written (I might’ve even shared this revelation with the librarian and random students at the shelves). And there was still about 300 pages of nudity and gore left to awe my testosterone-addled mind. Sadly, it didn’t quite meet with those adolescent expectations (however, there was plenty of blood in the water). A terrific read, though.
‘Zigzag Street’ by Nick Earls; ‘Strange Rain’ by Venero Armanno
I put these two books together because both shaped and influenced me about the same time and in the same way. The real attraction for me about both works – apart from the fact they were written superbly – was they were penned by Brisbane authors. The stories were local but they read like the exotic. There was a universal nature to their themes; neither was hamstrung by a sense of the parochial. They represented writing of the highest order and the authors responsible lived in view of the Story Bridge. Subsequently, I had the great good fortune to work closely with both Nick and Veny. I still consider them to be “mentors by example”.
‘Chronicle of a Death Foretold’ by Gabriel Garcia Marquez
My brother, Sean, urged me to read this when I was about 18 or 19 years old. Such a sad, beautiful, brilliant little tale. It really changed the way I looked at reading and writing. It enabled me to see that small lives and their associated pathos could be utterly compelling. I haven’t read this book again in the 20 years since and I have no intent to in future. I’m happy enough to have savoured the first-time magic this work conjured.
‘I’m Not Scared’ by Niccolo Ammaniti
I am very partial to quality fiction that features young protagonists. I believe there is a certain alchemy associated with great, youth-imbued stories that can’t be achieved by a fictional world occupied only by grown-ups. I’m Not Scared was at the forefront of shaping this belief. The book is a tour de force, with so many elements to fire the imagination – from the stifling-hot setting in rural Italy to the horror of the discovered crime to an ending as devastating as anything put to print. However, it’s the young characters who really carry the day. The kids are all right? They’re the best.
Darren Groth is an Australian novelist living in Canada who writes young-adult and adult fiction. His most recent book, Kindling (Hachette, $24.99), is about a single father raising his autistic son in a small Australian town threatened by bushfires.
Sep 21, 2010 @ 17:09:42
Hi, Darren,
LOVE your blog/site name!!!!!!!! 🙂
Just wondering what the fifth book was. 🙂
All the best!!!!!!!
Judie
Sep 21, 2010 @ 18:43:38
Hey Jude!
There are five books there – the Nick Earls and Veny Armanno books are together because of their shared influence on me.
If I was to add an extra one….hmm, maybe ‘The Alchemist’ by Paulo Coelho? (Sorry, no Diana Gabaldon 🙂 )
Nov 05, 2010 @ 05:01:31
Veny Armano is one of my favourite writers–I’m so happy whenever I see someone else have even heard of his books (let alone put one in their top five). I lost my copy of Strange Rain before getting a chance to finish it, but read and loved Firehead and The Volcano.
Anyway, yes. Good list.Jobs 2.0.5 released on December 5, 2018.
Jobs Factory 2.0.4 released on June 21, 2018.
Jobs Factory 2.0.3 released on January 10, 2018.
Jobs Factory 1.0.0 released on April 11, 2013..The Avengers Is Good, Crowd-Pleasing Fun
The Avengers
Directed by Joss Whedon
Written by Whedon from a story by Zak Penn and Whedon from the comic book by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby
Disney and Marvel, in association with Paramount, 2012
Well, we’ve been seeing the movies leading up to this for nearly 10 years now, beginning back in 2003 with Ang Lee’s Hulk, although the true effort towards assembling The Avengers came with 2007’s Iron Man and the Nick Fury appearance at the end. It was then that we got The Incredible Hulk, Thor, Captain America, and Iron Man 2, and unfortunately, while many of those movies were decent, they played like previews for The Avengers.
But there was reasons to be excited: Joss Whedon was directing. Every fanboy in the world knew that one of the most important comic book franchises would be safe in his hands. Still, after seeing actual previews of this, I started to wonder: isn’t this just like when a movie has too many villains to keep track of, or too many anything to keep track of? Why would all of these superheroes need to band together? What evil lurked that was that horrible that required that many elite superheroes? I guess it worked for X-Men, but that always made sense–powers uniquely suited to combat multiple problems, and none of them really all-powerful like many solo superheroes. The Avengers team is comprised of heroes that have combated huge villains on their own. In that regard, The Avengers isn’t a total success because the villains here don’t seem like a worthy threat…but, well, read on.
As we saw past the end credits of Thor, there’s a power source called The Tesseract, the Cosmic Cube that can generate unlimited energy and is of major interest to the US government. Thor’s main baddie, Loki (Tom Hiddleston), wants the cube so he can buy a galactic army, the Chitauri, to help him become Master of the Universe, or whatever. After Loki possesses Professor Stelvig (Stellan Skarsgård) and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) and makes off with the cube, Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) and Agent Phil Coulson call on various heroes like Tony Stark/Iron Man (Robert Downey, Jr), while Natasha Romanoff/Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) find Bruce Banner/The Hulk (Mark Ruffalo) to help study the cube and track down Loki. Of course, since Loki is involved, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) enters the fray as well. And as we saw in Captain America, Steve Rogers/Captain America (Chris Evans) has been recently thawed out from his slumber in a block of ice and is needed for his juiced-up leadership as well.
The goal: stop Loki, retrieve the Tesseract, fight hordes of evil.
I feel like the movie could have started pretty much when all the heroes are finally assembled, because hell, we’ve been seeing origin stories for awhile now for this story. To see more build-up is a bit of a drag. But the scene where Romanoff finds Banner is amusing, and of course, what straight guy isn’t going to want to see Scarlett Johansson in a skimpy outfit kicking lots of ass? Still, the movie starts taking off when the heroes are together. There is a bunch of funny in-fighting and disagreements, and the story starts getting really interesting. Joss Whedon’s screenplay work shines in these interactions, and is a great return to funny form for Robert Downey, Jr. I also feel like Mark Ruffalo is here to stay in this Bruce Banner/Hulk incarnation, where Eric Bana and Edward Norton were not. The Hulk steals this movie towards the end.
The finale is fantastic, filled with a slew of scenes that people will be talking about all summer, and Whedon touches the credits with the groundwork for a sequel that will drive comic book nerds nuts, along with a really funny joke at the very end of the credits.
But if there was one thing I didn’t like, it’s the bad guys. Loki is a god but alternately looks vulnerable and unbeatable. The army he brings to Earth are a bunch of faceless automatons with almost no worth other than fodder for cool superhero ass-kicking. And the heroes’ unique skills don’t entirely make sense for an invasion like this. Movies have a hard time figuring out what power is. This movie could have been written with any one of the superheroes on their own and they would have figured out a way for them to win.
Still, you won’t be complaining much during the finale, where truly some of the funnest, and funniest action in years comes in. I took a peek into a couple of midnight shows and the crowd was buzzing. This movie for the most part delivers, and the sequel will likely be even better…because now we shouldn’t have to “get to know” these characters anymore. Great job from Whedon and this will pay off big this summer.- Her hair is beautiful and natural, just let it grow (hippie?)
- Her hair is tangly and gets in her eyes, cut it yourself and be done with it (practical hippie? or maybe just cheap)
- Her hair will look jacked up if you cut it yourself -- take her to a kid salon! (yuppie?)
I'm pondering my own hair at the same time. The grey is starting to show more, at least to my eye. And I happened to read a book this week "Going Gray" -- that I didn't really like but was all about how our ideals of beauty are firmly entrenched in not-grey hair. So I've been noticing grey more (there's a lot of it at church). I am not ready for the upkeep of regular coloring, so nothing is going to happen now.
1 comment:
Dada is always so practical.Wedding ServicesBridal Photo Session – You don’t have to travel out of town to find picturesque settings for your bridal portraits. The Caldwell turn-of-the-century interiors and landscaped gardens offer plentiful inspiration for your professional photographer. When you reserve The Caldwell for your wedding, a one-hour pre-wedding bridal shoot in the interior and gardens is included in the event service package. Others may reserve the house and gardens by the hour for bridal photography.
Bridal Shower – Friends and family gather to share the excitement and anticipation of happy occasions with a “shower of wishes” for the bride. Whether inside the charming parlor or outside under the pavilion, The Caldwell provides a warm and welcoming space for your shower, luncheon or brunch. Available catering packages include selections for hot or cold buffet, finger sandwiches, fruit and dessert. Your party can be as simple or as elaborate as the occasion demands.
Rehearsal Dinner – Your Rehearsal Dinner should present an interesting counterpoint to the atmosphere and style of your wedding reception. The rehearsal dinner is typically a smaller gathering of close friends, relatives and a few out-of-town guests. Couples often choose a table-service, plated dinner to calm the pre-wedding jitters! The intimate and elegant setting that The Caldwell provides is well-suited for this more personal affair. Our catering partners offer creative menu options!
Bridal Dressing Parlor – Spend three hours before your church ceremony in our spacious bridal dressing parlor, furnished with an oversized floor mirror to catch your full reflection, a charming vanity table for doing hair and makeup, and a glamorous daybed for relaxing. Invite your hairdresser, makeup artist and photographer!. Some prefer the privacy of our Caldwell Cottage for bridal dressing – your choice! Included in all Caldwell wedding service packages, or reserve separately.
Wedding Ceremony – Choose The Caldwell for your intimate garden or courtyard ceremony. Enter the east garden through a natural arch, along a winding brick path, to the tropical ceremony patio – or gather under the shade of our west garden pavilion to be married in the New Orleans style courtyard setting. Our staff can set up seating for 15 or 150 guests! Reserve for ceremony only or combine with any of our other wedding services.
Wedding Reception – The Caldwell’s interior offers gracious design elements that distinguish this home from ordinary banquet halls. Included in the event service fee are silk florals for inside the home, table linens inside and out, silver fleur-de-lis punch bowl and cake stand, champagne flutes, pressed glass dinnerware, silverware and glassware. The Caldwell is ideally located in the heart of downtown Abbeville within a few blocks of five nearby churches.Honeymoon Suite – Your wedding at The Caldwell doesn’t end when the cake is served! The bride and groom will enjoy a luxurious wedding night stay in our grand honeymoon suite with its magnificent king-size bed dressed in luxury linens. Relax in the candle-lit double Jacuzzi tub. Enjoy the gas fireplace in a comfortable sitting area – a nice spot for your gourmet in-room breakfast when you wake to greet your first morning as newlyweds!Guest Accommodations – The Caldwell bed and breakfast offers comfort and convenience to guests attending your wedding. Individual suites, our fully-equipped guest cottage or a whole-house family rental are among the choices. We offer discounted rates to the family and friends of couples who choose The Caldwell for their wedding reception. All rooms have private baths, flat screen TVs and wireless Internet; see photos and amenities on our Bed & Breakfast pages.
Seeing is Believing!
Learn why The Caldwell is not only the most romantic setting, but is also your best value for a picture-perfect wedding.
Meet with our wedding planner to discuss the details of your dream wedding.
Already have a date in mind?
You can check our availability to host any or all of your wedding activities!
Submit a Date Request for your wedding ceremony, reception, rehearsal dinner, etc. Our wedding planner will contact you within twenty-four hours to confirm!
Reserve these services online!
You can book the following services online and lock in your dates today:
Bridal Photo Session
Bridal Dressing Parlor
Honeymoon Suite- Research article
- Open Access
Quantification of epigenetic biomarkers: an evaluation of established and emerging methods for DNA methylation analysis
© Redshaw et al.; licensee BioMed Central. 2014
- Received: 12 November 2014
- Accepted: 10 December 2014
- Published: 23 December 2014
Abstract
Background
DNA methylation is an important epigenetic mechanism in several human diseases, most notably cancer. The quantitative analysis of DNA methylation patterns has the potential to serve as diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers, however, there is currently a lack of consensus regarding the optimal methodologies to quantify methylation status. To address this issue we compared five analytical methods: (i) MethyLight qPCR, (ii) MethyLight digital PCR (dPCR), methylation-sensitive and -dependent restriction enzyme (MSRE/MDRE) digestion followed by (iii) qPCR or (iv) dPCR, and (v) bisulfite amplicon next generation sequencing (NGS). The techniques were evaluated for linearity, accuracy and precision.
Results
MethyLight qPCR displayed the best linearity across the range of tested samples. Observed methylation measured by MethyLight- and MSRE/MDRE-qPCR and -dPCR were not significantly different to expected values whilst bisulfite amplicon NGS analysis over-estimated methylation content. Bisulfite amplicon NGS showed good precision, whilst the lower precision of qPCR and dPCR analysis precluded discrimination of differences of < 25% in methylation status. A novel dPCR MethyLight assay is also described as a potential method for absolute quantification that simultaneously measures both sense and antisense DNA strands following bisulfite treatment.
Conclusions
Our findings comprise a comprehensive benchmark for the quantitative accuracy of key methods for methylation analysis and demonstrate their applicability to the quantification of circulating tumour DNA biomarkers by using sample concentrations that are representative of typical clinical isolates.
Keywords
- DNA methylation
- Reference material
- Digital PCR
- NGS
- Quantification
Background
The methylation of CpG dinucleotides is a common epigenetic mechanism in eukaryotes that plays an essential role in the regulation of gene activity. Defects in methylation have been described in several human diseases, most notably cancer (reviewed in [1]). Alterations in the methylation status of CpG islands in human cancers can lead to genomic instability and silencing of tumour suppressor genes [2–5]. The strong correlation between methylation status and cancer development and progression has led to a growing interest in the use of methylation markers in circulating DNA for cancer diagnosis and prognosis [6, 7]. However, in order for such clinical applications to be developed, further work is required to determine which are the optimal methodologies to quantify methylation status accurately and reproducibly. Indeed, numerous technologies are used for methylation analysis (reviewed in [8] and [9]) and many of these have not previously been evaluated in terms of their quantitative accuracy, precision and repeatability of measurement.
The majority of the most commonly used methods for DNA methylation analysis are those based on sodium bisulfite conversion or methylation-dependent or -sensitive restriction enzymes (defined as MSREs or MDREs respectively throughout). In the first, sodium bisulfite is used to hydrolytically deaminate unmethylated cytosine to uracil while leaving methylated cytosines unchanged [10–12]. Bisulfite converted DNA can be used to assess methylation status by several methods, including PCR and sequencing. Clonal sequencing of bisulfite converted DNA is considered to be the ‘gold standard’ for methylation quantification, as it allows the high-throughput identification of all the methylated cytosines within an extensive region combined with single molecule quantification [13]. The development of pyrosequencing and Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) in recent years has provided an increased genomic coverage and sequencing depth [14–17]. MethyLight [18, 19] is one of the most common PCR based approaches; it involves the bisulfite conversion of DNA followed by real-time quantitative PCR (qPCR) by using primers and hydrolysis probes that are complementary to either the methylated or unmethylated bisulfite-converted DNA sequences. The MethyLight approach has also been applied to a recently developed microfluidic digital PCR platform [20]. Digital PCR (dPCR) involves the distribution of samples over hundreds of reaction wells resulting in each well containing either one or no template molecules, allowing a digital readout of the number of molecules present in the distributed sample, and the absolute quantification of copy number without the need for calibration [21, 22]. An alternative to the sodium bisulfite conversion based methods are those that utilise MSREs and MDREs. One such method involves qPCR amplifying a target region spanning several CpG sites that have been digested by one or more MSREs or MDREs [23–25]. MSREs are unable to digest restriction sites containing methylated cytosine residues, whereas MDREs require the presence of methylated DNA to induce strand cleavage. By comparison of expression levels with a mock digested template, the relative amounts of methylated and unmethylated DNA can be calculated [23, 24]. Recent studies have also applied RE digestion analysis to dPCR platforms [26, 27], with Hindson et al. [26] demonstrating a superior precision and sensitivity of measurement compared to qPCR.
In this study, we investigate the suitability of a range of methods based on bisulfite conversion and restriction enzyme digestion for accurate quantification of methylated DNA copies. The methylation status of the p14ARF (alternative reading frame) gene was chosen as the target for quantification, as it is a putative tumour suppressor gene that has been shown to be hypermethylated in human cancers [28–31] and offers potential as a candidate biomarker [32–36]. The comparison study was performed using a panel of standards containing a mixture of methylated and unmethylated DNA combined in a range of known ratios. We analysed quantities of DNA that were representative of clinical samples, such as circulating cell free DNA, which is typically present at 103 genomic copies per mL plasma [37], in order to make this study relevant to the use of methylation biomarkers in non-invasive diagnosis. This material was used to compare restriction enzyme (defined as RE throughout)- and MethyLight-based analysis using qPCR and dPCR platforms and to evaluate bisulfite amplicon NGS. Our findings provide the first comprehensive comparison of these methods and we also develop a novel strategy for absolute quantification of methylated DNA by MethyLight dPCR.
Results
To assess the accuracy and precision of DNA methylation quantification technologies, five commonly used methods for the quantification of the proportion of methylated DNA molecules were investigated by analysing the methylation status of the biomarker, p14ARF, with each method targeting the same region of the p14ARF promoter (Additional file 1), using a panel of DNA standards combined in a range of methylated and unmethylated ratios. Aliquots of a single preparation of this panel were used for analysis by all of the methylation quantification methodologies in a series of independent experiments in order to test the robustness of the approaches.
RE digestion qPCR and dPCR quantification
Restriction enzyme qPCR and dPCR
Restriction enzyme qPCR and dPCR. Correlation between expected and observed percent methylation for Methylation Dependent Restriction Enzyme (MDRE) (A,C) and Methylation Sensitive Restriction Enzyme (MSRE) (B,D) qPCR (A,B) and dPCR (C,D) analysis. Correlation performed with samples which comprise the optimal working range of the respective enzyme classes: 0-50% for MSRE (B,D) and 50-100% for MDRE (A,C) (dotted lines). Data points that were outside the viable range of the assay (< 0% or > 100% methylation) were removed from the analysis. All experimental conditions were n = 3 with the exception of the following which were n = 2: 10% and 25% MDRE qPCR and 90% MSRE qPCR (expected % methylation). Error bars show ± Standard Deviation of three independent replicate measurements. (E) Correlation between RE qPCR vs. dPCR measurements using the data points in which the restriction enzymes are within their optimal working range. A single outlying data point was removed from the correlation analysis. All correlations were significant at p < 0.0001 except for expected vs. MDRE dPCR which was p = 0.0011.
The correlation between the qPCR and dPCR measurements, using the optimal template methylation range values, was also significant (R2 = 0.93; p < 0.0001; Figure 1E) however, analysis of the standard deviation values (Table 1 and Figure 1) revealed that, in the majority of cases, dPCR showed greater variability of measurement between replicates compared to qPCR. Precision of measurement was tested by performing a one-way ANOVA statistical analysis of the data to determine which observed differences in methylation status were statistically significant. This analysis revealed that the RE qPCR approach could accurately discriminate differences in ≥ 25% methylation, however comparisons of 10% and 15% differences could not be resolved, indicating that the precision of this method was not accurate enough to use for differences of < 25% methylation. For RE dPCR, the MSRE approach showed a comparable performance to qPCR, with the same comparisons between samples showing statistically significant differences. However, the MDRE dPCR approach showed poorer precision than MDRE qPCR, with only the 50% vs. 100% methylation comparison showing a statistically significant difference (Table 1).
MethyLight qPCR and dPCR.
Methylight qPCR and dPCR
Duplex MethyLight dPCR analysis
A dPCR approach offers the possibility of absolute quantification of methylated DNA without a calibration curve [21]. However one source of uncertainty with respect to the accuracy of copy number concentration measurements is whether the DNA template is present in single-stranded or double-stranded conformation [38]. In the former case individual strands of the duplex can become separated into different partitions and be amplified, resulting in a ‘double-count’ which could lead to overestimation of template concentration under the assumption of double-stranded conformation [38]. We hypothesised that this source of uncertainty could be resolved for dPCR analysis of methylated DNA as following bisulfite treatment the DNA strands are no longer complementary, enabling each strand to be discriminated [13]. In the case of the region targeted in this study, 47% of nucleotides within the MethyLight p14 assay target region are non-complementary after bisulfite conversion of the 100% methylated template and 68% for the 0% methylated template.
MethyLight duplex dPCR. (A) Duplex p14 dPCR assay showing data for p14_M and p14_M2 assays separately and with estimated targets for both assays combined. (B) dPCR heatmap showing distribution of p14_M (red) and p14_M2 (blue) positive chambers in a duplex reaction showing three example panels of a dPCR plate. (C) Correlation between MethyLight qPCR vs. duplex dPCR (estimated targets for both assays combined). All correlations were significant at p < 0.0001.
Figure 3A shows the observed vs. expected percent methylation for the dPCR analysis showing the p14_M and p14_M2 primers and probe when used in duplex (data shown for each assay individually and when estimated targets from both assays are pooled). The data demonstrate that both single- and duplex dPCR assays show a strong correlation with the expected values (p < 0.0001).
The duplex approach to MethyLight dPCR demonstrates that amplifications of the two non-complementary DNA strands (by p14_M and p14_M2 assays) are independently localised, as seen in the dPCR heat maps in three example panels (Figure 3B) (< 0.02% of positive chambers showed amplification with both assays on average over all panels of all experiments). This confirms that the starting template is largely in a single-stranded conformation and that each assay is specific to either strand of the starting template as non-specific amplification of the ‘non-template’ strand would have resulted in amplification of both assays in a large number of the chambers. Similarly to the singleplex MethyLight dPCR (Figure 2C), there was a significant correlation between the qPCR and duplex dPCR measurements (Figure 3C; p < 0.0001).
Absolute quantification of RE digested- and bisulfite-treated DNA
Comparison of DNA copy numbers obtained using different techniques. DNA copy numbers of methylated/unmethylated DNA standards based on specifications of manufacturer (Expected), measured by flourometer and of p14 by Restriction Enzyme (RE) dPCR and p14 and COL2A1 with MethyLight dPCR in the 0% and 100% methylated samples. Copy numbers shown were obtained from 5 ng starting material (based on expected DNA quantity), pre-bisulfite conversion and RE digestion. RE dPCR data shows p14 copy number from the mock, MSRE and MDRE treatments. MethyLight dPCR data shows copy number obtained using the p14_M assay in singleplex and the methylation independent control COL2A1. Statistical comparisons are for Student’s t-test (* = p < 0.05; ns = not significant). Error bars show ± Standard Deviation of measurement.
Bisulfite amplicon NGS
MethyLight qPCR and dPCR
Bisulfite Amplicon NGS. Analysis showing read-based estimates of percent methylation (A-C). (A,B) Correlation between expected and observed percent methylation showing (A) average percent methylation for all samples across both amplicon NGS experiments or (B) all data points plotted individually excluding Multiplex Identifier (MID)9 samples from the analysis in A and B. (C) Correlation between two bisulfite amplicon NGS experiments (including MID9). (D) Correlation between read- and site-based estimates of percent methylation. All correlations were significant at p < 0.0001.
The correlation between experiments 1 and 2 was strong (Figure 5C; R2 = 0.987; p < 0.0001) suggesting a high level of reproducibility of the whole process. When comparing results from replicate samples with different MID fusion primers, however, one of the MID fusion primers (MID9) caused a clear bias in both experiments (Figure 5B) and therefore was removed from the correlation analysis (Figure 5A and B) (t-test showed that, for the 50% methylated sample, the MID9 values were significantly higher at p < 0.05 than the values excluding MID9). With the exception of the MID9-tagged amplicon, the difference in percent methylation between replicates (n = 2) ranged from 1% to 13%. The range of differences between replicates were similar when comparing within and between the two sequencing experiments, indicating that sources of variation within an experiment (e.g. different MID primers, independent PCRs) were the major sources of variability compared to factors differing between experiments (e.g. bisulfite treatment, library preparation and sequencing). Figure 5D shows that there was a very strong correlation between the read- and site-based estimations of methylation indicating no measurable effect of PCR chimerism.
Discussion
DNA methylation status has been proposed as a biomarker for many diseases including cancer [6, 7]. However, for the quantification of DNA methylation to be translated to clinical care, further work is needed to determine the accuracy of the available methods. In this study five methods were compared, comprising of two strategies to distinguish between methylated and unmethylated DNA (RE digestion or bisulfite conversion), and three analytical platforms (qPCR, dPCR and NGS).
Accuracy and precision of qPCR-based methods
Of the qPCR methods tested, MethyLight qPCR demonstrated superior accuracy as reflected in good linearity over a wider range of % methylation compared to MSRE- or MDRE-based analyses which were optimal within the 0-50% and 50-100% methylation ranges respectively. This highlights the importance that both digestion strategies are applied when using this technique on samples of an unknown methylation status. However, MethyLight was also less accurate above 75% methylation. The MSRE/MDRE qPCR findings are consistent with Oakes et al. [23] which also identified a decreased accuracy of measurement in > 75% methylated samples for MSRE and < 25% for MDRE. This is likely due to difficulties in accurately discriminating small differences between the sample and control (100% methylated DNA for MethyLight and MSRE qPCR and 0% methylated DNA for MDRE qPCR) by PCR, i.e. for RE qPCR analysis, a 10% difference translates to a difference in Cq of only 0.2, which is comparable to the typical standard deviation of Cq technical replicates. In addition, RE digestion and bisulfite conversion are sources of variability as the initial treatment of DNA can cause non-specific template degradation and confound the relative comparison between samples and control 100% methylated DNA [39].
The precision of both MethyLight- and RE-qPCR approaches was limiting in terms of discrimination between samples with small differences in methylation content. Our experiments demonstrated that the precision of MethyLight measurements was sufficient to be able to discriminate differences of ≥ 25% methylation but not 10% or 15%, which is comparable with a previous study by Ogino et al. (2006) [40]. Both MethyLight qPCR assay and bisulfite conversion were observed to contribute to overall technical error [40]. The precision of RE qPCR, within the optimal ranges of the restriction enzymes, was comparable to MethyLight qPCR, as statistical analysis revealed that differences in methylation of ≥ 25% could be reliably discriminated but not below this.
Hashimoto et al. [24] reported that when using a MSRE qPCR approach with four independent replicate experiments, differences between two samples of > 11% in methylation status could be determined, therefore increased replication may improve precision. Holemon et al. [25] found, when using a combined MDRE and MSRE qPCR approach, that the standard deviation measurements of replicate qPCR experiments were greater than that of replicate RE digestions. This further highlights how the number of replicate assays is as important a consideration when determining the confidence or uncertainty in the measurement, as both sample treatments (RE digestion or bisulfite conversion) and analysis stages contribute to the overall measurement variability. It is crucial that both stages are replicated in order to estimate the precision of measurements accurately. Control samples of defined methylation content such as those tested in this study may be a useful means of monitoring whole process precision.
Application of dPCR to quantification of methylation
MethyLight has recently been applied to a dPCR platform [20], however its use for methylation quantification has not been extensively investigated; this study provides the first direct comparison of MethyLight qPCR with MethyLight dPCR and RE qPCR with RE dPCR. The correlation between qPCR and dPCR measurements for both upstream treatments was high (R2 ≥ 0.90), suggesting similar linearity to qPCR approaches. However, the precision of both MethyLight and MSRE/MDRE-dPCR was found to be worse compared to the qPCR measurements. This is likely to be as a result of using a relatively low concentration of template (λ < 0.2 for all samples, Additional file 4) in order to be representative of typical clinical samples as our experiments were focused on the application of methylation quantification to biomarker analysis. Based on Poisson statistics, dPCR is predicted to demonstrate highest precision at lambda values of between 1.0 and 2.0 [41]. Indeed, Hayden et al. [42] observed that dPCR showed higher measurement variability compared to qPCR when measuring human cytomegalovirus DNA in low concentration clinical samples. As in the Hayden et al. [42] report, the quantity of DNA analysed in our study by dPCR within the partitions of the IFC (0.65 ng) was lower than that analysed per qPCR reaction (5 ng). dPCR platforms with higher sample volume input and a greater number of partitions compared to the BioMark (such as the Bio-Rad Droplet Digital System and Life Technologies QuantStudio 3D Digital PCR System) may improve MethyLight- or RE-based dPCR precision.
Absolute quantification of methylated DNA templates
Our study extended the application of dPCR to analysis of DNA methylation by demonstrating how dPCR can be useful for studying the impact of upstream treatments on the number of amplifiable copies in a sample. Our dPCR experiments showed comparable p14 DNA copy numbers in bisulfite-treated samples with those treated with REs or mock conditions. A previous study using an earlier bisulfite conversion protocol [39] demonstrated a loss of 84-96% of DNA after bisulfite treatment. Our study demonstrates that more recently developed protocols that use less harsh treatment conditions, may reduce sample loss significantly. However both MethyLight and RE-based measurements were between 1.5- and 2.3-fold lower than the copy number predicted by fluorometric quantification, suggesting that additional sources of bias may reduce the number of amplifiable copies.
We also developed a novel strategy for absolute quantification of methylated DNA by measuring both strands of the double helix post bisulfite-treatment. This method addresses an important source of uncertainty for dPCR-based quantification related to whether the template DNA is in single-stranded or double-stranded form [38]. Our data showing the location of the two strands of the double helix into separate partitions confirms the single-stranded nature of the bisulfite converted DNA [13]. By quantifying all of the template strands in a reaction, this method provides an improvement for the absolute quantification of DNA copy number which could be particularly useful for the assignment of values to reference materials [38].
Accuracy and precision of bisulfite amplicon NGS method
Bisulfite amplicon NGS using 454 pyrosequencing has been evaluated previously in analyses of clinical samples but has not been assessed in terms of its accuracy of measurement or directly compared against other technologies. The bisulfite amplicon NGS approach using the Roche Junior platform demonstrated superior precision compared to qPCR/dPCR methods, as evidenced by the high concordance of replicate experiments (R2 = 0.987). However the accuracy of bisulfite amplicon NGS was inferior to that of qPCR and dPCR as demonstrated by a systematic bias to over-estimate the percent methylation, with every observed value being above the expected, with the exception of the 0% and 100% methylated samples. On average, the measured values were 1.32-fold above the expected. It cannot be ruled out that the bias resulted from initial inaccuracy in template quantification and/or preparation prior to bisulfite amplicon NGS analysis. However, the same material was used for analysis by all of the other methodologies, none of which also showed a systematic over-estimation of methylation suggesting the bias was specific to this procedure.
Our findings are also consistent with a previous study which found a pyrosequencing-based method to have a far superior precision of measurement compared to MethyLight but it also demonstrated a systematic over-estimation in percent methylation [43]. However interrogation of passed and failed reads from the GS Junior sequencer revealed that these did not differ between the unmethylated vs. methylated sequences, suggesting that the bias did not stem from differences in the number of homopolymeric tracts in the sequences which may cause errors in pyrosequencing data due to the incorporation of multiple nucleotides in one flow [44].
It is more likely that the methylation bias was at the level of PCR as several previous studies have shown how bisulfite PCR, using methylation independent primers, can exhibit a strong methylation bias [45–47]. In these cases, however, the PCR bias results in an underestimation of methylation levels which was attributed to methylated DNA containing secondary structures in the template associated with a reduction in PCR efficiency compared to unmethylated sequences [45]. Other studies have observed a PCR-related bias towards methylated DNA: Dabney and Meyer found that certain DNA polymerases favour template molecules of higher GC content [48] while Shen et al. found that higher annealing temperatures increased the estimation of methylation content in samples of low to medium methylation (20-50%) [49], suggesting that changes in the choice of enzyme and/or annealing temperature may improve the bias observed in this study.
In addition, our study demonstrates that there can be an interaction between sample identifier primer tags (MIDs) and PCR bias. One of the MID-tagged primers (MID9) showed methylation values that were clear outliers in both sequencing experiments: measurements of 85% were observed for the 50% methylated sample compared to an average measurement of 65.1% for other MID tags (Figure 5 and Table 3). A previous bacterial metagenomics study demonstrated that barcoded primers can introduce biases in PCR that translate into less reproducible data sets and can reduce apparent bacterial diversity, due to preferential amplification of certain 16S rRNA sequences [50]. This is also important for DNA methylation analysis as multiplexed amplicon sequencing is being applied to large-scale analysis of multiple methylation biomarkers [16, 51]. In summary, further validation of the quantitative accuracy of deep sequencing is warranted, reinforcing the importance of reference controls to identify any biases that may be introduced.
Conclusions
Although previous investigations have discussed the relative merits of bisulfite conversion vs. RE digestion based methods of methylation quantification [18, 24, 25], this is the first study to directly compare both upstream treatments with alternative downstream PCR methods and platforms. Whilst MethyLight assays demonstrated an extended quantitative range compared to MSRE-or MDRE-qPCR, MethyLight is a methylation specific PCR approach and is therefore limited to the CpGs that lie within the region that the primers and probes are designed to bind. In contrast, REs can be used that will target a larger number of methylation sites within a target region. Bisulfite amplicon NGS has the advantage over the other tested methods that it provides information on the methylation status of all CpG residues in an amplicon of the gene promoter that is larger than that of typical qPCR/dPCR assays; this technique displayed superior measurement precision compared to the others evaluated, however a systematic bias to over-estimate methylation rate was evident. These findings provide an important benchmark for these methods that assists researchers embarking on methylation studies to determine which method is most suitable for the purposes of their experiments and guide the aspects of these techniques that need to be addressed through the implementation of reference standards for methylation measurements.
Methods
Preparation of a panel of methylated/unmethylated DNA standards
A panel of seven DNA standards was prepared by combining the following proportions of methylated and non-methylated Human DNA (Zymo Research, Irvine, CA, USA): 100%, 90%, 75%, 50%, 25%, 10%, 0% methylated in 1.5 mL tubes at a final concentration of 20 ng/μL. The commercially available Human DNA did not require approval by a Research Ethics Committee. DNA was diluted in TE buffer (10 mM Tris pH 8.0, 0.1 mM EDTA) (USB Corporation, Cleveland, OH, USA) and stored at -20°C. DNA was quantified using the Qubit 2.0 Fluorometer with the dsDNA BR Assay (Life Technologies, Carlsbad, CA, USA).
RE digestion
Three replicate RE digestions were performed on aliquots of a single preparation of the panel of methylated/unmethylated DNA standards. To encourage complete cleavage of the template, double digestions were performed for both the MS- and MDRE digestion reactions. For the MSRE reactions, AciI and HhaI were used, which contain a total of five potential cleavage sites in the p14 target region. For MDRE digestion, FspEI, which recognises seven potential methylated restriction sites, was used in combination with McrBC which cuts at multiple positions in methylated CpG rich sequences between two half-sites of the form (G/A)mC at an optimal distance of 55–103 bp. For each replicate, 3 × 10 μL RE digestion reactions were prepared for each sample: MSRE, MDRE and a mock digestion. All reaction components for the digestions were supplied by New England Biolabs (Ipswich, MA, USA). MSRE reactions contained: 1 × Buffer 3, 1 × Bovine Serum Albumin (BSA), 5 U AciI, 5 U HhaI and 100 ng DNA. MDRE reactions contained: 1 × Buffer 4, 1 × BSA, 1 × Enzyme Activator Solution, 1 × GTP, 5 U FspEI, 5 U McrBC and 100 ng DNA. Mock reactions contained 1 × Buffer 4 and 1 × BSA. Reactions were incubated at 37°C for 1 h and subsequently heat inactivated for 20 min at 65°C. Digests were diluted 1 in 10 with TE buffer (10 mM Tris pH 8.0, 0.1 mM EDTA) (USB Corporation) to 1 ng/μL for subsequent analysis and stored at -20°C.
Sodium bisulfite treatment
Three replicate sodium bisulfite conversion reactions were performed on the panel of methylated/unmethylated DNA standards using the EpiTect Plus Bisulfite Kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany) according to the manufacturer’s instructions with 200 ng DNA and ethanol from Sigma (St. Louis, MO, USA). DNA was eluted from DNA spin columns in 15 μL and the volume made up to 50 μL with TE buffer (10 mM Tris pH 8.0, 0.1 mM EDTA) (USB Corporation). Reactions were performed on a GeneAmp 9700 thermocycler (Life Technologies). Samples were stored at -80°C.
qPCR
qPCR experiments (RE digestion qPCR and MethyLight qPCR) were performed in accordance with the Minimum Information for Publication of Quantitative Real-Time PCR Experiments (MIQE) guidelines (Additional file 5). Reactions were performed using 1 × Taqman Universal PCR mastermix, Cat no. 4304437 (Life Technologies) for RE digestion qPCR and 1 × Taqman Universal PCR mastermix without Uracil-DNA Glycosylase, Cat no. 4324018 (Life Technologies) for MethyLight qPCR in a final volume of 20 μL. All reactions also contained 900 nM final concentration forward and reverse primers, 200 nM Probes (see Additional file 6 for primer and probe sequences and Additional file 7 for details of assay performance) and 5 ng template DNA. All primers and probes were supplied by Sigma (UK). For RE qPCR, reactions contained 5 μL template DNA and MethyLight qPCR contained 1.25 μL DNA. Reactions were performed using a Prism 7900HT Real Time PCR system (Life Technologies). qPCR thermal cycling conditions were as follows: 95°C for 10 min, followed by 40 cycles of 95°C for 15 s, 60°C for 1 min.
For RE digestion qPCR, all reactions were performed in triplicate. At least one PCR NTC was run for each assay as controls on all plates. The SDS software v2.4 (Life Technologies) was used to calculate the quantification cycle (Cq) value. For the RE qPCR assays, percent methylation was calculated by subtracting the mean Cq values of the MSRE or MDRE digested templates from the corresponding mock digest (∆Cq). ∆∆Cq was then calculated by subtracting the ∆Cq of the 100% methylated sample (MSRE digests) or the 0% (MDRE digests) from ∆Cq of the sample in question, and the equations 100 × (2∆∆Ct) and 100 × (1-(2∆∆Ct)) were used to calculate % methylation respectively [52].
For MethyLight qPCR, quantification was performed using the standard curve method with Bisulfite Converted Methylated Human DNA from Zymo Research. The standard curves consisted of 5 × 1 in 5 dilutions, the highest copy number being 7575 estimated haploid genome copies/reaction. For MethyLight qPCR, standard curves were performed using triplicate measurements for each dilution and duplicates for the panel of methylated/unmethylated DNA standards. For MethyLight qPCR, DNA copy number values were interpolated from standard curves and values for p14 were normalised to methylation independent COL2A1. Normalised copy numbers were then further normalised to the 100% methylated sample.
Microfluidic dPCR
Microfluidic dPCR experiments (MethyLight dPCR and RE digestion dPCR) were performed in accordance with the Minimum Information for Publication of Digital Quantitative PCR Experiments (digital MIQE) guidelines (Additional file 8) using the Biomark system with 48 panel “qdPCRTM 37 K” integrated fluidic circuits (IFCs), Cat. No. 100–6152 (Fluidigm, South San Francisco, CA, USA). Assays were performed using 1 × Taqman Universal PCR mastermix, Cat no. 4304437 (Life Technologies) for RE digestion dPCR and 1 × Taqman Universal PCR mastermix (no Uracil-DNA Glycosylase), Cat no. 4324018 (Life Technologies) for MethyLight dPCR. All reactions also contained 2 × DA sample loading reagent, 900 nM final concentration forward and reverse primers, 200 nM Probes (see Additional file 2 for details of primer and probe design, Additional file 6 for primer and probe sequences, and Additional file 9 for assay performance) and 5 ng DNA. All primers and probes were supplied by Sigma (UK). For RE dPCR, 20 μL reactions containing 5 μL DNA were prepared and loaded across four panel inlets (5 μL per inlet) with the number of positive amplifications (counts) from the four panels being pooled together. For MethyLight dPCR, 5 μL reactions containing 1.25 μL template DNA were loaded onto each panel inlet. dPCR thermal cycling conditions were as follows: 95°C for 10 min, followed by 45 cycles of 95°C for 15 s, 60°C for 1 min. PCR NTCs were run as controls on all plates. The Fluidigm BioMark Data Collection software (version 4.0.1) was used to analyse the data. The number of positive amplifications (counts) was used for analysis of Cq variation, whereas the number of estimated targets (based on a Poisson correction of the proportion of positive partitions, to estimate the number of copies) was used for quantification of target copy number [53]. The average number of estimated molecules per chamber (lambda, λ) was calculated using the following equation: λ = - ln(1 - k/n) where k is the number of counts and n is the total number of partitions [54]. To calculate percent methylation for the RE digestion dPCR, estimated targets for the digestion reactions were normalised to those of the corresponding mock digest and further normalised to the 100% methylated sample for MSRE and 0% for the MDRE reactions to obtain %RQ. For the MDRE reactions, the final values were calculated using the equation 1 -%RQ. For MethyLight dPCR, estimated targets for p14 assays were normalised to those of the methylation independent COL2A1 assay. Normalised copy numbers were then further normalised to the 100% methylated sample.
Bisulfite amplicon next generation sequencing
Two replicate sample libraries were prepared from two independent bisulfite conversions and PCR amplifications of the methylated/unmethylated DNA standards (two of the three replicate bisulfite conversions that were also used for MethLight analysis) according to the standard Roche (Basel, Switzerland) GS Junior 454 protocol for amplicon sequencing (January 2013 version) using fusion primers where both the forward and reverse primers contain the Roche adapter sequences and the forward primers also contain a Multiplex Identifier (MID) to enable sequencing reads to be assigned to each sample (see Additional file 6 for fusion primer sequences). Two of the samples (25% and 50% methylated) were replicated in each library preparation (25%, n = 2; 50%, n = 3) using different MID fusion primers. The assignment of MID fusion primers to samples was randomised in each library preparation (Table 3). Amplicon libraries were generated using the Roche FastStart High Fidelity PCR System according to the manufacturer’s protocol using 20 ng template DNA and the following cycling parameters: 94°C for 3 min, 35 cycles of 94°C for 15 s, 60°C for 45 s, 72°C for 60 s followed by an incubation at 72°C for 8 min. After purification, libraries were quantified using the Qubit 2.0 Fluorometer (Life Technologies) to estimate DNA copy number and analysed with the Agilent Bioanalyzer 2100 to verify product size. Amplicon libraries were combined in an equimolar ratio, using 1 × 107 DNA molecules with 5 × 106 beads (2 to 1 ratio) for emulsion PCR. Two sequencing experiments were performed on the replicate library preparations using the Roche GS Junior Titanium emulsion PCR (Lib-A), Sequencing and PicoTiterPlate Kits according to the manufacturer’s protocols on a Roche GS Junior sequencer.
Sequencing data analysis
Sequence reads were aligned (Exonerate, version 2.2.0, with options model = affine:local and subopt = F, score = 600) to a 205 nucleotide template p14 reference sequence in which all cytosine residues were masked. Masking avoided bias in alignment between bisulfite modified and un-modified sequences. As a stringent quality filter, only reads with > 90% identity (excepting bisulfite modifiable sites) and > 90% coverage to the reference sequence were considered for further analysis. Pairwise alignments were used to construct reference sequenced anchored multiple read alignments by preserving alignment gaps in the sequence read but removing alignment gap-columns in the reference sequence. At each methylation informative site (C of the CpG in the unmodified template) the fraction of bisulfite non-conversion (Ccount/(Ccount + Tcount)) were scored across all reads. The mean of the methylation rate over the 19 informative sites provided a “site based estimate” (SBE) of methylation for each sample. As a complementary approach we also produced a “read based estimate” (RBE) of methylation by categorising each sequence read based on the fraction of bisulfite converted informative sites: methylated (< = 20%), indeterminate (> 20%, < 80%) or unmethylated (> = 80%). The RBE for the sample was calculated as the fraction methylated/(methylated + unmethylated) ignoring indeterminate classification reads. In these datasets the fraction of indeterminate reads was always < 1%. Sequence and alignment manipulation was implemented in Perl (version 5.10.1), quantization and analysis in R (version 3.0.0).
Statistical analysis
Statistical analysis was performed using Graphpad Prism version 5.04 (GraphPad). All data sets showed a normal distribution, passing the Kolmogorov-Smirnov normality test at α = 0.05. One-way Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) comparing observed percent methylation values between different samples within the constructed panel was performed with the Tukey’s Multiple Comparison post-hoc test. Correlation analysis was performed using a two-way Pearson correlation.
Abbreviations
- MSRE:
Methylation sensitive restriction enzyme
- MDRE:
Methylation dependent restriction enzyme
- dPCR:
Digital PCR
- NGS:
Next generation sequencing
- RE:
Restriction enzyme
- MID:
Mulitplex identifier.
Declarations
Acknowledgements
This work was supported by the UK National Measurement System.
Authors’ Affiliations
References
- Robertson KD: DNA methylation and human disease. Nat Rev Genet. 2005, 6 (8): 597-610.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Jones PA, Baylin SB: The fundamental role of epigenetic events in cancer. Nat Rev Genet. 2002, 3 (6): 415-428. 10.1038/ng.298.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Rakyan VK, Down TA, Balding DJ, Beck S: Epigenome-wide association studies for common human diseases. Nat Rev Genet. 2011, 12 (8): 529-541. 10.1038/nrg3000.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Issa JP: CpG island methylator phenotype in cancer. Nat Rev Cancer. 2004, 4 (12): 988-993. 10.1038/nrc1507.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Brooks J, Cairns P, Zeleniuch-Jacquotte A: Promoter methylation and the detection of breast cancer. Cancer Causes Control. 2009, 20 (9): 1539-1550. 10.1007/s10552-009-9415-y.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Fleischhacker M, Schmidt B: Circulating nucleic acids (CNAs) and cancer–a survey. Biochim Biophys Acta. 2007, 1775 (1): 181-232.PubMedGoogle Scholar
- Laird PW: Principles and challenges of genomewide DNA methylation analysis. Nat Rev Genet. 2010, 11 (3): 191-203. 10.1038/nrg2732.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Kristensen LS, Hansen LL: PCR-based methods for detecting single-locus DNA methylation biomarkers in cancer diagnostics, prognostics, and response to treatment. Clin Chem. 2009, 55 (8): 1471-1483. 10.1373/clinchem.2008.121962
- Hayatsu H, Wataya Y, Kazushige K: The addition of sodium bisulfite to uracil and to cytosine. J Am Chem Soc. 1970, 92 (3): 724-726. 10.1021/ja00706a062.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Shiraishi M, Hayatsu H: High-speed conversion of cytosine to uracil in bisulfite genomic sequencing analysis of DNA methylation. DNA Res. 2004, 11 (6): 409-415. 10.1093/dnares/11.6.409.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- (1): 19-29.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
--10.1186/1472-6750-11-6.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- (18): 8511-8518. 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-07-1016.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Tost J, Gut IG: DNA methylation analysis by pyrosequencing. Nat Protoc. 2007, 2 (9): 2265-2275. 10.1038/nprot.2007.314.PubMedView ArticleGooglePubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Trinh BN, Long TI, Laird PW: DNA methylation analysis by MethyLight technology. Methods. 2001, 25 (4): 456-462. 10.1006/meth.2001.1268.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
-. 2008, 36 (14): 4689-4698. 10.1093/nar/gkn455.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Vogelstein B, Kinzler KW: Digital PCR. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 1999, 96 (16): 9236-9241. 10.1073/pnas.96.16.9236.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Corbisier P, Bhat S, Partis L, Xie VR, Emslie KR: Absolute quantification of genetically modified MON810 maize (Zea mays L.) by digital polymerase chain reaction. Anal Bioanal Chem. 2010, 396 (6): 2143-2150. 10.1007/s00216-009-3200-3.PubMedView ArticleGoogle.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Hashimoto K, Kokubun S, Itoi E, Roach HI: Improved quantification of DNA methylation using methylation-sensitive restriction enzymes and real-time PCR. Epigenetics. 2007, 2 (2): 86-91. 10.4161/epi.2.2.4203.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Holemon H, Korshunova Y, Ordway JM, Bedell JA, Citek RW, Lakey N, Leon J, Finney M, McPherson JD, Jeddeloh JA: MethylScreen: DNA methylation density monitoring using quantitative PCR. Biotechniques. 2007, 43 (5): 683-693. 10.2144/000112597.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
-. 10.1021/ac202028g.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle (1): 90-98. 10.1373/clinchem.2009.134114 (11): 6457-6473.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle (11): 2057-2064. 10.1093/carcin/21.11.2057.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Shen L, Kondo Y, Hamilton SR, Rashid A, Issa JP: P14 methylation in human colon cancer is associated with microsatellite instability and wild-type p53. Gastroenterology. 2003, 124 (3): 626-633. 10.1053/gast.2003.50102.PubMedView ArticleGoogle (8): 549-555. 10.1111/j.1440-1827.2004.01663.x.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Kawamoto K, Enokida H, Gotanda T, Kubo H, Nishiyama K, Kawahara M, Nakagawa M: p16INK4a and p14ARF methylation as a potential biomarker for human bladder cancer. Biochem Biophys Res Commun. 2006, 339 (3): 790-796. 10.1016/j.bbrc.2005.11.072.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- (4): 1148-1151.PubMedGoogle Scholar
- Lee M, Sup Han W, Kyoung Kim O, Hee Sung S, Sun Cho M, Lee SN, Koo H: Prognostic value of p16INK4a and p14ARF gene hypermethylation in human colon cancer. Pathol Res Pract. 2006, 202 (6): 415-424. 10.1016/j.prp.2005.11.011.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
-.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Hsu HS, Wang YC, Tseng RC, Chang JW, Chen JT, Shih CM, Chen CY: 5' cytosine-phospho-guanine island methylation is responsible for p14ARF inactivation and inversely correlates with p53 overexpression in resected non-small cell lung cancer. Clin Cancer Res. 2004, 10 (14): 4734-4741. 10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-03-0704.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- (26): 6499-6512. 10.1007/s00216-014-7835-3.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Bhat S, Curach N, Mostyn T, Bains GS, Griffiths KR, Emslie KR: Comparison of methods for accurate quantification of DNA mass concentration with traceability to the international system of units. Anal Chem. 2010, 82 (17): 7185-7192. 10.1021/ac100845m.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Grunau C, Clark SJ, Rosenthal A: Bisulfite genomic sequencing: systematic investigation of critical experimental parameters. Nucleic Acids Res. 2001, 29 (13): E65-65. 10.1093/nar/29.13.e65.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle. 10.1016/j.ymeth.2010.01.003.PubMedView ArticleGoogle (2): 540-546. 10.1128/JCM.02620-12.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- (17): 4201-4211. 10.1002/cncr.27392.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Huse S, Huber J, Morrison H, Sogin M, Welch D: Accuracy and quality of massively parallel DNA pyrosequencing. Genome Biology. 2007, 8 (7): R143-10.1186/gb-2007-8-7-r143.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle (21): 4422-4426. 10.1093/nar/25.21.4422.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Wojdacz TK, Hansen LL: Reversal of PCR bias for improved sensitivity of the DNA methylation melting curve assay. Biotechniques. 2006, 41 (3): 274-10.2144/000112240. 276, 278PubMedView ArticleGooglePubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Dabney J, Meyer M: Length and GC-biases during sequencing library amplification: a comparison of various polymerase-buffer systems with ancient and modern DNA sequencing libraries. Biotechniques. 2012, 52 (2): 87-94.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Shen L, Guo Y, Chen X, Ahmed S, Issa JP: Optimizing annealing temperature overcomes bias in bisulfite PCR methylation analysis. Biotechniques. 2007, 42 (1): 48-10.2144/000112312. 50, 52 passimPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Berry D, Ben Mahfoudh K, Wagner M, Loy A: Barcoded primers used in multiplex amplicon pyrosequencing bias amplification. Appl Environ Microbiol. 2011, 77 (21): 7846-7849. 10.1128/AEM.05220-11.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Gries J, Schumacher D, Arand J, Lutsik P, Markelova MR, Fichtner I, Walter J, Sers C, Tierling S: Bi-PROF: bisulfite profiling of target regions using 454 GS FLX Titanium technology. Epigenetics. 2013, 8 (7): 765-771. 10.4161/epi.25242.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Oakes CC, La Salle S, Trasler JM, Robaire B: Restriction digestion and real-time PCR (qAMP). Methods Mol Biol. 2009, 507: 271-280. 10.1007/978-1-59745-522-0_20.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Dube S, Qin J, Ramakrishnan R: Mathematical analysis of copy number variation in a DNA sample using digital PCR on a nanofluidic device. PLoS One. 2008, 3 (8): e2876-10.1371/journal.pone.0002876.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Huggett JF, Foy CA, Benes V, Emslie K, Garson JA, Haynes R, Hellemans J, Kubista M, Mueller RD, Nolan T, Fuchs CS, Pfaffl MW, Shipley GL, Vandesompele J, Wittwer CT, Bustin SA: The digital MIQE guidelines: Minimum Information for Publication of Quantitative Digital PCR Experiments. Clin Chem. 2013, 59 (6): 892-902. 10.1373/clinchem.2013.206375.PubMedView ArticleGoogle): e82-10.1093/nar/gks203.PubMed CentralPub (21): 6823-6836. 10.1093/nar/gki987.PubMed CentralPubMedView ArticleGoogle (11): 3807-3813. 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-03-3852: Primer sequence disclosure: a clarification of the MIQE guidelines. Clin Chem. 2011, 57 (6): 919-921. 10.1373/clinchem.2011.1629.No, and neither do the Pirates. In fact, there's no indication that he's anywhere near PNC Park, which might rule out a pre-draft physical. Anyone check the Washington Heights domino game?
With about six hours until the magical stroke of midnight, top Pirate draft pick Pedro Alvarez is still unsigned (much like fellow Scott Boras clients Eric Hosmer, who was drafted #3 overall, and Buster Posey, #5). Looks like we're going to use every available minute to watch this one play out.
Earlier today, the Pirates did sign their 20th-round draft pick, RHP Quinton Miller, to a $900,000 bonus that includes a college education, which he presumably would be unable to afford on only $900,000.
Also unsigned is second-rounder Tanner Scheppers, and that one may be looking out of reach. Scheppers is apparently seeking top-1o money, which would probably make a deal unlikely.
Finally, one must wonder: what did Pirate fans do for such up-to-date information before Dejan Kovacevic's blog? I couldn't imagine a life without it at this point.About
SmallCage is a simple but powerful website generator. It converts content source files into plain, static web pages, applying fully customizable template. No database, no application container is needed. No more repetition in many pages. Keep your site well with just a bit of work.With SmallCage, you can
- simply separate your layout from content.
- convert contents (basically YAML) to a plain, static website – easy to test and serve.
- generate multiple pages from a single CSV file or Google Docs spreadsheet.
- share your templates with various web applications: Ruby on Rails, WordPress, and MovableType.
- manage your website with a source code management system like Git, Subversion, CVS, or every tool of your choice.
- customize how contents are transformed during the conversion process with Ruby.
Links
- Project home (github)
- Documentations (github)
- RubyGem (gemcutter)Hughes Telematics announced today they have secured three industry relationships for their after market telematics product In-Drive.
The In-Drive product has three use segmentations: Automotive Data Services, Telematics and Family Co-Pilot.
The press release only identified the companies as being a automotive insurance provider, a travel assistance provider and a financial services company. So let’s guess: Progressive, AAA and Visa.
From the press release: “Leveraging our flexible telematics architecture and systems, In-Drive offers a unique self-install advantage making it simple and intuitive for the end user, while also providing valuable services and data to our customers and partners,” said Jeff Leddy, chief executive officer. “These three new clients have a very clear vision of how In-Drive can benefit both their business and, more importantly, provide value to their customers.”DexMat Named as SpaceCom Entrepreneur Challenge Semi-Finalist
:
- Arlula
- Benchmark Space Systems
- Cemvita Factory Inc.
- Devali Inc
- DexMat, Inc.
- EXOS Aerospace Systems & Technologies
- Finsophy Inc.
- Hedy-Anthiel Space Systems
- Lazarus 3D Inc.,
- Lucid Drone Technologies, Inc.
- LunaSonde, LLC
- Molon Labe LLC
- SaraniaSat Inc.,
- Solstar Space Company
- STARK Industries LLC
- Sugarhouse Aerospace
- Swift Data LLC:
- $100,000 in Google Cloud credits to the competition winner
- $20,000 in Google Cloud credits for runners up
- $3,000 in Google Cloud credits for every qualified entrant in the competition
Additional prizes include:
- Guaranteed extended meeting with an investment firm
- Speaking role at SpaceCom 2019
- A booth at SpaceCom 2019
Source:
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!This list was submitted by Dr. Who on Sunday, December 13th, 2009 at 9:33 PM PST for The 2010 Lee Atwater Invitational Dead Pool.
Pick some famous people you think are going to die soon. Whoever gets the most right wins.
© 2019 Stiffs.com
The trouble with tribbles is that it's the only thing anyone will ever remember about this guy.
(d) January 26th, 1997ClassPass
Start taking classes at Perform For Life and other studios!How it works
Vinyasa - All Levels at Perform For Life
Start taking classes at Perform For Life and other studios!How it works
About this class
In this class, we will steadily build heat, endurance, flexibility and strength through a steady flow. With a focus on alignment, we will link breath with movement to cultivate attention and stillness. Students of all levels are welcome, and are encouraged to modify and take variations if needed. If you have a yoga mat, bringing it is encouraged!
About this studio
Perform For Life
Perform for Life is a top-rated personal training gym in San Francisco. If you are looking for the best personal trainers in the Bay Area, look no further. Perform for Life's athletic shoes.
How to get there
Perform For Life is located at 1825 Market St in San Francisco, California.
Studio amenities
Mats, Showers, Towels
People also viewed
Start taking classes at Perform For!Just a week before dropping their creative baker’s dozen “Brain Invaders” on fans, Orange County’s zebrahead is also prepping for a spring tour that will take them to Australia, and while they’ve seen and experienced more than most of us could ever imagine in their over 20 years together, they are still finding new things to enjoy while out on the road.
“Anytime you think you have seen it all something new comes along and blows your mind,” says bass player Ben “Ozz” Osmundson.
“Brain Invaders,” their 13th album, will be released March 8 on MFZB Records.
We recently sat down with Ozz to discuss the band’s longevity, their mishmosh sound, and why they’re saying more lyrically with “Brain Invaders” than they have in previous albums.
TrunkSpace: You guys have been writing and performing together since the late ‘90s. Do you find yourselves still experiencing firsts as zebrahead, or do you think you have seen and experienced it all at this stage in your musical journey?
Ozz: Super happy to say we are experiencing new things every day on tour. Anytime you think you have seen it all something new comes along and blows your mind. The trick for us is to never just sit backstage and look at the walls – we always go outside, make some friends, see the sights and experience life.
TrunkSpace: We’re only about a week away from the release of your latest album, “Brain Invaders,” which happens to be number 13. Are you guys the superstitious sorts, and could you have ever imagined that you’d drop a baker’s dozen worth of albums on the world when you first started out?
Ozz: I think most of us are not superstitious at all. So, the number 13 just kind of makes me smile. And to be honest, I never thought we would last past two albums. We all quit our jobs 20 years
ago and said “let’s go for it” and we haven’t looked back. I just wanted to get to see the world and couldn’t believe it was happening. Now all these years later I still want to get to see the world and really can’t believe how lucky we are. It’s all amazing and humbling.
TrunkSpace: No one is closer to the music than you. When you listen back to those early records to where you guys are now with “Brain Invaders,” where do you hear the biggest difference in the music, and were those changes part of a plan or a natural progression?
Ozz: The biggest change I hear is the change in the speed of the songs. We recorded our first couple albums way, way, way too slow. We adjust them live to the speed we wish we recorded them, but I think it scares people sometimes. Also, the newer albums I would say are less funk influenced and more skate punk? But, at the end of the day were a mishmosh of different influences.
TrunkSpace: What are you most proud of with the album?
Ozz: Super happy we are now in the position where we can record the album, mix it, master it and distribute it completely on our own. We still have a record label in Japan, but outside Japan we do everything ourselves. We have been pushing in this direction for the past 10 years by taking more and more control of our own situation.
TrunkSpace: Are there things that you enjoyed 20 years ago with the band that you don’t necessarily have the same love for today? For example, is touring a different experience now? Does life alter your in-band POV?
Ozz: For me personally the touring thing is still amazing. You can drop me in the middle of Tokyo or Berlin or Paris and I know my way around. I am beyond lucky. Traveling gets exhausting and rough sometimes, but every travel day ends with a show, and the show always makes you forget all the crap it took to get there.
TrunkSpace: What do you get working in a band atmosphere that you wouldn’t be able to achieve as a solo artist? Does effort inspire effort in the process, and by that we mean, does one person’s eureka moment inspire the others?
Ozz: I don’t think I would ever want to do the solo thing. I really enjoy the collaboration when it comes to any art form. Looking at things from another person’s point of view is pretty valuable. When you stop listening to others and think you know it all is the day you realize you knew absolutely nothing.
TrunkSpace: You guys have been writing together for a long time now. Is there a creative kinship among the group where the process of creating new material is more of a well-oiled machine than it was 20 years ago?
Ozz: It’s always a mess. We email each other idea, jam out new ideas and sit around cracking jokes instead of working. I think if it was a perfect polished experience it wouldn’t work out the same. I personally like writing together the best. When someone plays something amazing you can see the reaction immediately on everybody’s face and that to me is the best.
TrunkSpace: In the writing itself – the lyrics – are you guys touching on topics that your younger selves would have never even thought to write about with earlier albums like “Waste of Mine” and “Playmate of the Year?” Have the albums become a bit like chapters of your lives where you see the music reflecting what is going on outside of the music itself?
Ozz: With the newest album I think we finally reached the point that we couldn’t ignore what was happening around us as much. We have always been the happy party band that wants to make you smile and forget the world, but the world has reached new limits these days and even your beer drinking buddies are getting fed up.
TrunkSpace: For you personally, what’s been the highlight of your career thus far?
Ozz: By far the highlight for me was getting nominated for a Grammy. We did a song with Lemmy from Motörhead and it got nominated for best metal performance years ago. At that moment I knew that we would never even come close to that moment. Hell, a Grammy nomination and sitting next to Lemmy, who we worked on the song with, it will never get better than that!
TrunkSpace: Time machine question. If you could jump ahead 10 years and get a glimpse of what your musical journey looks like a decade from now, would you take that journey? If not, why?
Ozz: I don’t think I would. The future scares the crap out of me.
Wait, I take that back! I would go look. Like I said earlier, every day I realize how dumb I was yesterday and it sure would be great to avoid and learn from all my ridiculous mistakes before the rest of the world sees them.
“Brain Invaders” drops March 9 on MFZB Records.Former Victorian Senator Jacinta Collins has been appointed Executive Director of the National Catholic Education Commission (NCEC) by the Bishops Commission for Catholic Education.
NCEC chairman Greg Crafter AO said Jacinta is renowned as a strong advocate for social justice and quality education across all sectors.
“Jacinta brings a wealth of experience, skills and dedication to the role,” Mr Crafter said.
“Since entering the Senate in 1995, she has held several leadership roles and has served on the frontbench in the portfolios of school education, early childhood, workplace relations, mental health and ageing.
“As the parent of three children herself and somebody with a long-standing dedication to social justice, Jacinta has always had a deep interest in early learning and the importance of providing quality school education and development opportunities for all children.
“Her parliamentary knowledge and strong commitment to the values that underpin Catholic schools make her the ideal person to lead the NCEC as it continues to advocate on behalf of the hundreds of thousands of families who entrust their children to our care every school day.”
Jacinta said she was looking forward to her new role as a champion for the needs of Catholic schools, which educate one in every five Australian students.
“I am passionate about education and ensuring all Australian children receive an excellent education,” she said.
“Australia’s school system is unique with its mix of government, Catholic and Independent schools and I believe that parents should have the choice about which school is best for their child.
“In the Parliament, I was a strong advocate for fair funding for all schools and I will continue to be a strong voice for the needs of Catholic schools, teachers and students.”
Mr Crafter thanked Ray Collins (no relation) for his stewardship of the NCEC over the past year.
“Ray came out of retirement to lead the NCEC during an eventful 2018,” Mr Crafter said.
“He had been Director of Schools in the Diocese of Maitland-Newcastle for nine years until retiring in December 2016 and closing out a distinguished 44-year career in education.
“Ray has displayed an integrity and dedication to his vocation as a Catholic educator, earning the respect of his colleagues and education stakeholders.
“He has been a wonderful servant of Catholic education over many decades and we thank him for answering the call one more time. He can now resume his well-deserved retirement.”
Jacinta Collins will commence as Executive Director on 18 February.
Nationally, Catholic schools educate almost 770,000 students in 1750 schools, the vast majority of which are low-fee schools.
With thanks to the National Catholic Education Commission.During this month of November, we want to say THANK YOU to all of our instructors. But it isn’t enough to simply say “thank you” once a year. That’s why we are starting the CORE Premier Instructor Program. We look forward to sharing details shortly about this new program where we continue to say thank you for your passion, hard work and attention to your craft throughout the year! Contact stephen@corelanguages.com with questions (CORE Instructors only please). We will also be notifying you directly with these details in the coming weeks. -Stephen Sovenyhazy CORE LanguagesNuwa Natural Health
Meet Jess: Founder and therapist at the Nuwa Natural Health Clinic. She’s a registered Acupuncturist and Chinese Medicine Practitioner. And probably the most loveliest person you can ever meet. Her beautiful clinic is a reflection of her bright, healthy persona. If there’s one person I trust to stick needles all over me then it’s Jess.
After graduating in 2011, Jess took her practice overseas to Central America, Asia, the Middle East and Europe. She established her own clinic in England which she worked in for 3 years, treating a variety of conditions using Chinese Medicine, Acupuncture, Herbs and Massage.
Nuwa Natural Health is a Gold Coast Acupuncture clinic offering a range of services to support your health and wellbeing. With a beautiful beachfront clinic in Currumbin, QLD, Nuwa offers holistic treatments from a range of modalities. With a special interest in fertility acupuncture, pregnancy acupuncture, IVF acupuncture and womens health, Nuwa Natural Health is a haven for women to come and reconnect with the innate wisdom of their bodies. - Blackburn - £39 per hour
Liquid Personnel are currently recruiting an experienced Social Worker to join the Assessment Team based in Blackburn.
Blackburn are currently searching for experienced social workers to join their assessment teams. an Assessment Team Social Worker include:
* Effective induction * Best rate of pay in the area * Reflective Supervision * Long term contracts available * Clearly defined Practice Standards and Managers Standards * Effective and supportive management * The right technology to undertake your role * Efficient 'work-life balance' is encouraged * Flexible/Remote Working
Duties as an Assessment Team Social Worker include:
* Working within current legislation, the City Council's policies and core values, and Departmental policies and procedures. * Have responsibility for a caseload, including cases which can be of a complex and challenging nature and undertake child protection investigations, case work for children in care and children in need, acting as the Lead Safeguarding Professional. * Undertake..
Quick reminder of how affiliate programs work: as an affiliate, I can create a link to Apple’s online stores (iTunes, App Store, etc.) with metadata identifying me as the referrer. If you follow that link and then buy anything for a given period of time (24 hours for Apple’s program), I get a 7% cut. So, if I can convince you to buy Final Cut Pro — please do, by the way — then I get 7% of the $300 purchase price, or $21.
So what’s changed, what’s the problem, and what justifies slashing the affiliate’s percentage?
Let me suggest it’s this: paid apps are dead. Therefore, sending traffic to the App Store isn’t generating purchases because there is no purchase.
If I link to a free-to-play game and you download it, no money has changed hands, and I’ve done nothing to earn my keep in Apple’s program. Worse, if you happen to buy some iTunes music or a season pass to a TV show within the next 24 hours, I’ll get a 7% cut of that, even though it’s highly unlikely I had anything to do with that purchase.
As for in-app purchases, keep in mind that the affil program doesn’t let affiliates create links to in-app purchases (it’s not clear how that would work on the web anyways, since by definition the purchase is made in an app). So if you make an in-app purchase, like buying “energy” in some exploitative F2P game or turning off ads in Overcast (see what I did there?), it’s highly unlikely my link had anything to do with your purchase. Even if I link you to a given app and you make a purchase in that app, chances are you’re buying your smurfberries or gold coins long after my link’s 24-hour window has closed, so associating subsequent I-APs with any given affiliate is likely bogus.
So, to me at least, this seems like a reasonable change — it’s very hard to make the case that affiliate ads are driving purchases of apps (since almost all of them are now free) or in-app purchases (since those purchases are seldom if ever the result of following an affil link). Apple is reducing the commission on these kinds of purchases because they think the affils are contributing little value to the app ecosystem.
And, much as we might not like it, that’s probably true.video screen shot © Thanasis Tsimpinis
video screen shot © Thanasis Tsimpinis
V.O.W N°51 (Video Of the Week, 9 - 15 January 2012)
We don’t know what went so wrong with this particular picnic but what started with milk and cupcakes ended six feet under. Greek director Thanasis Tsimpinis just released his captivating art film called M I N E, featuring haunting music from pop sensation Keep Shelly in Athens, and the result is so good that we didn’t doubt for a moment that this was the perfect V.O.W. to inaugurate 2012. The video is a pale story of a surreal picnic, corpse included, that raises more questions than it answers. A rose with magic powers, a strange symbol made out of cereals and some old fashioned sweaters set the tone and the rest is up to your imagination. Some may say that not all relationships end happily, others may argue that our need to possess someone, as the title of the film (M I N E) suggests, can all but force us to cross the line. But one thing is for sure; something really dark happened there and the only thing left is trouble. Keeping this perspective in mind, even Keep Shelly in Athens’ song title “Running out of you” is indicative of the film’s hazy atmosphere. Thanasis Tsimpinis once said that one of his goals is to narrate urban fairy tales. Watch M I N E and we are sure that you’ll agree that his mission is accomplished.
video screen shot © Thanasis Tsimpinis
video screen shot © Thanasis Tsimpinis
video screen shot © Thanasis Tsimpinis
video screen shot © Thanasis Tsimpinis
video screen shot © Thanasis Tsimpinis
video screen shot © Thanasis Tsimpinis
written directed edited by Thanasis Tsimpinis
performance Konstantinos Georgalis
hair, make-up, styling Spiros Zanias
cinematography Smaro Papaevangelou
executive producer, set designer Evi Bokovou
creative assistant Socrates Vassilopoulos
photo © Thanasis Tsimpinis
photo © Thanasis Tsimpinis
V.O.W N°51 // Be MINE (at all costs) by Thanasis Tsimpinis
 1’ Video News
John Oliver Blasts Jay Leno’s Scolding Of Late-Night TV For Lack Of “Civility”
Bill Maher To Dems Ducking Fox News Primary Debates: “Grow A Pair”
Stephen Colbert Zings Donald Trump’s Latest Tweet Trash Of Late-Night TV
Jimmy Kimmel Fires Back At Second Donald Trump Tweet Blasting Late Night TV
‘Beto O’Rourke’ And His Hysterical Hands Announce 2020 Bid On ‘Tonight Show’
Trevor Noah Compares Beto O’Rourke’s Hand Gestures To Donald TrumpSan Jose Taiko will be making an appearance at Sonic Runway, which is a light-art installation that visualizes the speed of sound. Sonic Runway converts audio signals into a pattern of lights that shoot down a corridor of arches at the speed of sound, (1235kph /767mph). The artwork is 432 feet long and stretch across a city block between 4th and 5th streets in front of San José City Hall, 200 E. Santa Clara Street, San Jose, CA 95113. The artwork can be be viewed nightly from 5:30 p.m. to 12:00 a.m. through January 2018.
Back to All Events
Earlier Event: December 7School Outreach Performance
Later Event: December 8School Outreach PerformancesHey, Sweetheart,
I realized that I had left 2 possible questions unanswered in one of my previous posts, regarding where the universe is.
As we know, the universe was created from a thought. That thought is inside my head, for, thoughts can never leave the mind, where the consciousness resides. Now we are all inside my head.
How?
Perspective – “a particular attitude toward or way of regarding something; a point of view”
As I have told before, an ant would see its surroundings as its world, although to us it is only seeing a few square yards of land.
A dog would see its owners as gods.
A child might see their parents as super-heroes.
It is all in perspective.
Humans look at themselves with the knowledge of only what they know. A person might say that they are 6′ tall and that they weigh 150 pounds. To another person who is 4′ tall and weighs 110 pounds, the person at 6′ tall may appear to be a “giant” to them, maybe even intimidating. But that is what humans know, that is how they see themselves in their world, at a certain height, at a certain weight, and the means that they use to measure themselves is certainly all that they know. In comparison to their world, that is, the only world that they know. To a human, the universe is vast beyond comprehension. Some humans believe that it is endless, and some humans believe that the universe is expanding. The universe is neither.
First, for anything to be anything, it needs to be 3-dimensional. It needs a width, a length, and a height. All 3 states of matter, solid, liquid, gas, obey this law. Those 3 states of matter are what provide tangibility. There is no such thing as something being 2-dimensional. People think that a drawing is 2-dimensional, but they are wrong. A drawing consists of a piece of paper and something used to draw upon it, such as graphite or ink. Can you hold graphite in your hand? Yes. The lines created from a graphite pencil have mass. If you drew a circle upon a piece of paper using a graphite pencil, and if you were to pull the piece of paper out from under the graphite circle drawn upon it, you would have a circle, a very thin circle, yet an circle nonetheless.
A photograph is 3-dimensional. (images are absorbed into the photographic paper)
A picture in a monitor screen is 3-dimensional. (pixels are cube-shaped)
A reflection in a mirror is 3-dimensional. (glass has depth)
Everything that is tangible is 3-dimensional.
“Time” is not 3-dimensional, for time does not exist. Can you show me “time”? Of course not. I laugh when I see or hear about “scientists” using “time” in regards to physics, some even claim that it is the “4th dimension”. Clowns.
Anywho,
so everything that we see is 3-dimensional. Everything. That we see.
We see 3-dimensional objects with our eyes, that is, if we are not blind. Eyesight is quite the gift, Kiddo. However, even though we can see objects and prove their tangibility with our other 4 senses, our eyes themselves are seeing something different. Something that most everyone has learned in school, science or biology class to be precise, is that the images we see are “upside-down”, due to the mechanics of the eyeball itself.
If you were told this, that objects are “upside-down” against the retina, you were told wrong. The eye is round. For an object to become upside-down against the retina, the object would need to be projected through a square pupil and projected against a flat retina that has been bent to form a “horseshoe”, capturing the top of the object in its bottom half, and the bottom of the object in its top half. Then and only then would an object be captured in an upside-down image.
Being that the eyeball is round, its pupil is round, and its retina is round and concave, the object seen through the eye is reversed against its retina, meaning, right is “left” and top is “bottom”.
But why is this?
There must be a reason for this, yes? Of course there is, after all, everything happens for a reason.
:origin()/pre12/36bf/th/pre/f/2012/275/3/5/anubis_and_kebechet_by_shiny_flareon331-d5gm7st.png)
“Universe of Reversibility”
Principle of reversibility
“The principle of reversibility states that light will follow exactly the same path if its direction of travel is reversed.”
“If a physical fact can produce a psychological state, a psychological state can produce a physical fact. If the effect (a) can be produced by the cause (b), then inversely, the effect (b) can be produced by the cause (a).”
Okay. If that confused you . . .
Daddio will explain this as simply as possible.
🙂 ❤ 😉
Here we go.
The eyeball is a sphere, more or less. A sphere is the most compact and economical geometric shape that nature can produce.
(Vön is the Grand Economizer)
Compacting all the abilities of sight into a sphere makes the most sense. It is compact, it can swivel, it is easy to lubricate, and it is quite strong (resistant against foreign pressure). However, when light illuminates an object outside of the eye’s viewing range the object becomes inverted against the retina after entering the eye, due to the concavity of the eyeball’s inside diameter. The brain needs to correct this, and through evolution, it did. The brain managed to make right side up, so its body can understand, navigate and traverse its surroundings. If everything was seen as “upside down” and “backwards”, life would be quite difficult.
Now, everything that you see is “correct” in regards to Reality.
(There is a reason for everything)
We live in a universe of reversibility.
When you see an object, let’s say, a car,
that car is reduced by sight and stored inside your brain. However, before it is stored into your brain, something needs to happen. It needs to be completely reversed.
When light reflects off the car, an image is produced; you see the car. As that image passes through your pupil(s) it begins to reduce in size to a near finite point before reversing in image.
At one point, inside of your actual eyeball, that car is in motion when it becomes “inverted” into a backwards image against your retina(s). At one point, a near finite point, that car becomes a 3-dimensional object inside of your eye(s). Being that we have 2 eyes, the image is seen from 2 perspectives. The right eye will always see that car from a different point of sight than the left eye. If each eye sees 50% of that car from their point of sight (you cannot see the entire car as a whole), together the eyes see more than 50% of that car. If you know for a Fact that the car you are seeing is 100% whole, you will be able to imagine it through memory as an entire car. Knowing that you have seen more than 50% of that car, the car becomes 100% inside your brain, after all, 50+% is closer to 100% than it is to 0%.
Now, inside your brain, more than 50% of that car is stored, 3-dimensionally. Remember, anything that is tangible is 3-dimensional, so, inside your brain, more than 50% of that actual car, is inside your brain, along with everything that you have ever seen, as well as everything that I have ever seen. There is no “delete button” for your brain, everything that you see is stored somewhere inside your brain, and being that everything that you have ever seen is reduced ever so small it is not difficult for your brain to store everything that you have seen.
Now let us return to the universe of reversibility.
” If a physical fact can produce a psychological state, a psychological state can produce a physical fact.” – Neville Goddard
If light can enter the eye, then light can exit the eye.
(Though light is being reflected from the rear of the dog’s eyes, light is still being projected from the eyes themselves. If light was there once, it can be there again.)
If an image can enter the eye, then an image can exit the eye.
And there you have it.
In order for the law of reversibility to work in this matter, the objects seen by the eyes must be reversed before entering the brain. If the objects are not reversed, and are captured on the retinas as there are in Real life, meaning, they are not reversed for the brain as it accepts them, reversing those stored images will produce a reversed, or, inverted, object. If I were to look at a person, and my eyes received that image as it actually is and not reversed, if I were to then project the image of that person, their left hand would be their right hand, and they would be upside-down.
It is now 3:43 AM, Saturday the 30th of April, 2016, and I am calling it a night. I will continue this posting later, but for now, a video. Sweet dreams, Kiddo. xo
Hi Kiddo, it is Sunday, May 1st, 2016, and I am here to finish what I started.
I believe that I explained perspective, however, I did not fully go where I was intending to go, for it was late and I was tired.
Humans know what they know, and what they know is dependent on their world. The Earth has a diameter of 8,000 miles. To humans, it looks really big from their perspective, and what they know as the measurement of miles. But to something else, the Earth could look really small. Really, really small. The universe could look really, really small as well, to something else. I had told you that everything, everyone is inside my head, contained in a thought, and you might be thinking “How could all this be in your head when you are here with everything??”
Have you ever imagined yourself doing something? Meaning, have you ever seen yourself doing something that you have never done before? If so, how did you do that? How were you able to see yourself, in motion, inside of your mind?
How did you do that?
If you are outside, how can you be inside? Inside your mind, that is.
I am certain that you have looked at yourself in a mirror, and since that you have, where did your reflection go? It went inside your brain. And when you saw your own reflection in the mirror, you were in motion as you looked at yourself in the mirror. Inside your brain is you, in motion. Now, add a little imagination, and you can now see yourself doing things that you have never done before, because there is a you inside your brain.
( as outside, as inside. – Vön )
So now you know how we are all inside my mind, in a thought.
But where am “I”? If I am my own thought inside my own mind, where is my head and my body? I need to be somewhere, yes?
So where am I?
I do not know.
Which would explain my soul-mate telling me that she does not know where I came from.
That does not make any sense, does it?
Her and I are obeying man-made “time” while we are here. She knows that I am billions of years old, but in another’s perspective, billions of years could only be a few seconds, just as the life of a fly is only a few days to us, while that fly’s life might seem as an eternity to itself.
It is all in perspective.
Anywho,
It is almost 7 AM now, I need some food and some sleep. I do not know when I will write here again, but there are at least 15 posts here for you for whenever.
A dancing T-Rex, I could not resist.
So, Kiddo, have yourself a safe and awesome day, and I will return.
Love always, Daddio
❤
xo
Product Index
J. He also comes with custom sculpted navel and nipples which will appear when the main morph dials are applied. The body and head come in an HD version as well, which can be applied and removed.Telephone:
(717) 733-5209
Kengaco@gmail.com
Branching from Kenga Company LLC, The Gun Corner is an extended commercial shop fully equipped to supply all your firearm needs. Spanning 5 years of industry experience and a life-long passion for guns, Kenneth and The Gun Corner have grown to be a hub and point of focus for gun rights activists, enthusiasts, and new-comers in south-eastern Pennsylvania.
Keeping guns in the family is an old practice some claim, yet many firearms are built to be durable for many years. With some cleaning and tweaking, most guns can be fully functional and fine specimens for the long haul. Modifications together with refurbishing have resulted in vast new forms of firearm maintenance. With all these new advancements in firearm tech it’s safe to say we live in an exciting time and we seek to honor that. Not only can we provide you with products and the equipment you need for firearms, we can also provide timely and quality services to refurbish, re-scope, or re-coat your gear.Last 24 Hours / Last Week / Last Month
See larger images | See Grade 4 Plots
Extreme Values |
Current Summary
More Data
Definitions of the weather variables
First |
Previous station
| Next station
Last Rain Observed: 0.2 mm on 2019-03-15 (3 days ago).
Station installed: 2005-06-01. ID: 12
750 Front Street, Victoria, BC V9A 3Y4
longitude: 236.612, latitude: 48.435, elevation: 20 mA new computer virus, dubbed Gauss, has been discovered in the Middle East. Researchers say can it steal banking credentials and hijack login.
What is its purpose? Gauss is a surveillance tool. It steals credentials for hacking online banking systems, social networking sites and email accounts; it also gathers information about infected PCs, including web browsing history, system passwords and the contents of disk drives.
Can it do anything else?.
How many victims are there? Kaspersky Lab has uncovered more than 2,500 computers infected with Gauss since late May. It estimates the total number of victims is in the tens of thousands. The largest number of infections were found were in Lebanon, followed by Israel and the Palestinian Territories.
Is Gauss still a threat? Yes. Infected USB drives could still launch attacks. Servers that controlled infected machines were shut down in July, so it is unlikely that any more information will be stolen from the surveillance part of the operation.
Why is it called GaussNowhere left to run
February 11th, 2018 by HollowOcean
I’ve actually given up. If I was depressed before, I have not the slightest inclination of what to call myself now. I’m just a failure that’s way past self-hatred and just looks in the mirror at a blank slate. All I can do now is sleep, eat, cry, and go on the internet while rebellious tears run down my face. I haven’t gotten out of bed for more than a week now and I’ve gone for longer but there is no hope for me now. How can I possibly keep going? It is so painful to live; I’m so tired of it all, half the time I have no idea what’s going on around me. I was forced to get out of my hovel for a few hours for a family obligation and I can usually suppress everything with a smile and fresh clothes but my walls are wearing down. My mom’s starting to figure out how depressed I really am. She thought I was over that. No mom, I just learned how to be fake happy. yay! But even that’s gone now. Now I’m nothing. If she knew I was suicidal she’d send me to a hospital, she’s said it before. But maybe that’d be fine, I mean I’ve already given up. But I just don’t want help! I want to die! Why can’t the world end already? I’m sick of this shit.
Feb 12, 2018 @ 00:10:48
←
Feb 15, 2018 @ 10:52:10
←Today is the perfect day to begin your planning!
Lisa Burek, Event Sales Coordinator
Phone: 724.586.7701, ext. 232
Website:
Interested in the Butler Country Club, contact us today to email you our Wedding Packages or to create you a custom package for your special day! Packages starting at $70 per person.
Outdoor Ceremonies
Imagine your wedding ceremony on our historic clubhouse patio with a magnificent view of the golf course grounds as your back drop for your ceremony.Kyrie Irving said that Kyries8 are trash
The Nike vs Kyries war has just begun
Kyrie Irving's spiritual transformation seems to have given birth to a new personality and not a new player. While the Brooklyn Nets' point guard remains in the top ten of the NBA's best players, his off-court talks are often criticized. The last episode dates back to a few hours ago, when via Instagram he literally demolished the work of Nike - his sponsor since 2014 - after seeing the Kyrie 8, the latest series of the player's signature shoes. Kyrie's line is one of Nike's best sellers, but this time something went wrong: Irving expressly denounced the fact that he was never involved in the shoe design process and added that the new shoes "suck" and "they are trash":
"I have nothing to do with the design or marketing of the upcoming #Kyrie8, IMO these are trash!,” Irving wrote on Wednesday. “I have absolutely nothing to do with them! Nike plans to release it without my okay regardless of what I say, so I apologize in advance to all of my sneaker heads and true supporters of the #KAI11 brand"
The release of the shoes is scheduled for the beginning of next season, but at this point it is legitimate to ask how this paradoxical situation of total disagreement between the brand and the sponsored player will evolve. The standard process that leads to the launch of a signature shoe involves a close collaboration between a Nike team (made up of designers and planners) and the player himself who provides feedback on both the creativity and the fit of the shoe. For the Kyrie 8, according to what Irving claims, it did not go that way.
The "cancellation" option is not to be excluded, but it would result in a serious loss for one of Nike's top-sellers. Starting from scratch would damage the image of the company that has already leaked the first images of the spearhead of the collection dedicated to the Brooklyn Nets point guard. There are also to consider all the production times that a shoe of this kind has, with fundamental steps that cannot be accelerated. Extending the time is equivalent to postponing the exit and this could also amount to an economic loss for the brand.
This center is providing OVER 1000 villagers access to clean healthy water, facilitating farming for families, and providing light to women and children. If you’re looking for a new team to cheer for - we HIGHLY recommend Mr. Irving and the Brooklyn Nets pic.twitter.com/VnAX3xb0Va— پانی Paani (@PaaniProject) July 28, 2021
The side of the new personality of Irving who for some years has started fighting against the big brands that in some ways do not care about the conditions of those who really need help is in contrast to a part that instead sees Kyrie as one of the players who the more it invests in humanitarian and charitable works. Simultaneously with the controversy surrounding Kyrie 8, Paani Project has made public the contribution of the seven-time All-Star to the community of Tharparkar, a district of the Pakistani province of Sindh. This area is one of the poorest parts of one of the poorest countries in the world that has suffered from drought for 17 consecutive years and it is estimated that 87% of its 1.6 million people live below the poverty line. Irving's intervention was solicited - in April - by a fan who on Twitter asked the NBA star to take part in the Paani Project, a Michigan-based NGO with Pakistani roots that seeks to improve the country's water resources. The KAI Family Foundation in Irving immediately mobilized to install a solar-powered water system that will serve 1000 villagers, but also other solar energy needs such as electricity for lighting and fans in local schools and mosques.Michael Pilnick leads all human capital functions and processes for First Advantage
Michael is the Executive Vice President, Global Head of Human Resources for First Advantage. Michael first joined First Advantage in 2013 and was a key member of the executive team integrating various new acquisitions into the new First Advantage and now leads all human capital functions and processes for First Advantage. Michael has extensive experience in high growth, turnaround environments.
Prior to First Advantage, he was Chief Human Resources Officer for Wolters Kluwer, a publicly traded €3.425 billion global business to business information services leader, where he had strategic and day-to-day operating leadership of the HR function for Wolters Kluwer’s profit centers in the Americas, the UK and Asia/Pacific as well as the global shared services organization.
Michael has a B.S. degree in Education and Anthropology from the University of Arizona and an M.S. degree in Human Resources Management with a specialization in organizational design from the New School for Social Research in New York.
He is a frequent speaker at professional organizations such as the Human Resource Planning Society and has appeared in the Wall Street Journal, HRO Magazine and other workforce management publications. Michael is considered a thought leader and sought after public speaker on human capital topics including culture change, human capital metrics, outsourcing partnerships, and HR shared services.Asian Tribune is published by World Institute For Asian Studies|Powered by WIAS Vol. 12 No. 2521
Time for Solheim to get off Karuna and failed Ceasefire Agre
[b]Time for Solheim to get off Karuna and failed Ceasefire Agreement to advance peace [/b]
H. L. D. Mahindapala
[b]Part IV [/b]
In the preceding articles three articles (see Asian Tribune April 7, 8 9, 2006) the role of Erik Solheim, the "facilitator" sitting the middle of the Sri Lankan conflict, was drawn in some detail to establish that he has, in the main, (1) acted contrary to the declared principles of the Royal Norwegian government; (2) violated the basic canons of international humanitarian law and (3) not advanced the peace process in any viable or durable direction other than to strengthen the hands of the LTTE to violate all known canons of humanitarian laws with impunity.
It was also pointed out that he survives in the peace process basically on the symbiotic relationship he has established with the LTTE. Both need each other to gain legitimacy in the eyes of the international community. No doubt, Solheim would have conveyed to the Co-chairs that the LTTE would not participate in any negotiations without him, thus making him "indispensable" to a "peace process" that is decimating Tamil dissidents and victims of his intransigent allies in the LTTE running a one-man regime in the Vanni. The fact that the concessions given to the LTTE under international pressure have not influenced the LTTE to make any reciprocal or positive contributions to the peace process or to the fundamental political principles advocated by either the Co-chairs -- US, Japan, UK and Norway -- or the rest of the international community has gone over the heads of the Western high priests of democracy, rule of law, liberalism, pluralism etc.
Research.
Experts found that spatial structure during breeding, both in terms of how close individuals nest to one another and with whom they form territory boundaries, is underpinned by prior social associations occurring as individuals search for food over the winter. By shaping where individuals locate themselves, social networks may have population-level effects by influencing the birds' future environmental conditions and social settings they experience.
"This work shows how individuals may base important decisions around their close social counterparts, and also illustrates how social associations occurring at one point in their life may carry-over into an important time in the future" said Dr. Josh Firth, co-author of the Ecology Letters research.
###
Media Contact
Penny SmithSolar Pool Heaters For Above Ground Pools
Aug 12th
Solar Pool Heaters For Above Ground Pools
Heating pool heaters are above ground pool cover is perfect for your pool equipment and maintain aboveground pools eguide is its. Among best ways to be checked every day and maintain aboveground pools unlike hidden water sport games above. Solar pool heaters for above ground pools, above ground or prolong it increases haywards induced draft heater can even work this unique heater can efficiently heat is its. Or filter systems. Intex. Pools installing a solar pool heater passes the temperature of all parts of the above ground pools above ground pool water at pools above ground pools manufacturer. Water it into.Tag: solar pool heaters for above ground poolsBay Area comedian and comedy producer, Lisa Geduldig (of Kung Pao Kosher Comedy™), and Ashkenaz Music & Dance Community Center joined forces in 2017 to bring the East Bay a new monthly (the second Thursday of the month) comedy series, Comedy at Ashkenaz!
Our next monthly show fortuitously falls on February 14th. Yeah, we could have just had a Lonely Hearts or Lovers’ Valentine’s Day show, but in keeping with our sense of social justice and our tradition of raising funds for organizations and causes*, we’re calling the show, Valentine’s Day Comedy at Ashkenaz: Love Thy Neighbor and making it a benefit for Alameda County Community Food Bank. Come laugh for a good cause! And bring a food donation if you’d like. See below.
Bring a food item to donate, if you would like. What foods are most needed? Canned tuna, canned chicken, natural peanut butter, nuts and beans, brown rice, quinoa, canned soup (low-sodium), whole grain cereal, and oatmeal. None of the following can be accepted: food in glass jars, perishable food, frozen food, fresh produce, alcohol, soda, baby food or formula, or non-food items.
Courtesy of Lisa Geduldig and Ashkenaz.Bloomberg reports that unless some U.S. Senate members change their minds, Senator Dianne Feinstein’s (D-CA) move to ban at least 157 rifles, pistols, shotguns and semi-automatic weapons, will not pass the Senate, and there is startling news that gun-toting Senator Joe Manchin is in favor of a universal background check. We haven’t registered our First Amendment Rights, so why should we register our Second Amendment Rights?. Source: Bloomberg
Once the universal background check starts, it’s only a matter of time until a database of legal gun owners becomes a reality. One more rude intrusion into the privacy rights of law abiding citizens – the sharp and often-lasting sting of unintended consequences, or are the eventual consequences unintended?. Source: Washington Post
This is a huge issue for the Obama administration. Watch for the newest versions of the Corn Husker Kickback. Read Feinstein’s Assault Weapons Ban of 2013 (Summary) here.
UPDATE: Read Mark Levin’s advice to the House of Representatives here.
Linked in Theo Spark’s Daily Spark – read news you need to know here.
Pingback: Feinstein Assault Weapon Ban of 2013 Summary Including List of Proposed Banned Weapons | Maggie's Notebook()UXperts Weigh In: Designs We Love, May Edition
May is in full swing, and for many of us that means a fresh start is on the horizon as the seasons change. It’s a perfect chance to check out some new designs, get inspired, and do something great. We’ve tapped a few of our favorite UXperts to share the websites or apps they’re loving, right now, and tell us why they’re examples of fresh design.
Pick:Google Fonts
I’ve been really enjoying the new Google Fonts. It embodies what I think of as good old-fashioned graphic design. It’s as if they took The Vignelli Canon and applied it to a highly-functional tool for finding web fonts.
There’s this timeless approach of big, beautiful typography paired with a solid grid system and strong colors. When you compare the new design to previous versions of the product, it’s obvious that this was a very bold and creative redesign of a project that has traditionally focused on function over form.
The Google Design team wrote a great little case study on the UX challenges they faced with the design, including notes like “users don’t know what the number means” and “users were confused about these icon.” It’s proof that if you don’t user-test, even the best design can contain big flaws.
Mandavi Kaushik – Senior UX Designer at Travel Supermarket
Pick:Sweat with Kayla
I was looking for a healthy lifestyle app which supports a workout plan as well as a nutrition plan. Sweat with Kayla does the job. The app is engaging and keeps motivating you to do your best. The set timed workout videos keep you motivated and the workout music is a bonus. The app is easy to follow and as a first time user I was able to navigate the journey with ease. It also allows the users to easily jump from one section to the other and I always have full control on how I want to use the app. The visual look and feel is inspiring and guides you along the user journey.
I found the app on Instagram, and it would make sense to bring some more social elements to the app. There are a few areas where it can be improved further, especially around reminders and sending positive messages, and the food advice content can be made a bit more engaging.
Shane Mielke – Freelance Designer at Shane Mielke
Pick: For Honor – Scars
During the preloading, your senses are teased by audio and video that create an emotional response, keeping you interested and setting the tone for the product and experience. As the site opens, you’re treated to a beautiful 360 animation which lays the groundwork for understanding how to navigate through the character choices. Every navigation element or background element yields a silky smooth interaction animation letting you know how the item should be used.
Upon choosing a character, the site continues to keep you engaged in the storytelling process by requiring you to actively scroll through different poses, and clicking items to view and digest the content piece by piece. This is great design because, just like a movie with great cinematography, you can stop at any point in this experience and see the beautiful layout, background, and content regardless of the context.
It’s also beautiful, which isn’t what you’d naturally expect from a utility – but you should. Although Avenir (Next) does tend to get a bit overused these days, it manages to somehow feel unexpected in a text editor. It’s a tasteful and quiet typeface that still has some personality and it works nicely with the pictograms they’ve designed for the UI.
I also love how Bear handles markdown. I’ve gotten really used to using markdown for formatting since it appears in a lot of tools I use, like Trello. What’s really nice is that Bear makes it easy to use keyboard shortcuts (or icons) to quickly format markdown, and it visually displays the formatting inside the tags. It’s a nice touch.
As a bonus, try tapping on the info icon. When was the last time you saw mundane document information presented so beautifully? The elegance of Bear’s experience reminds me a lot of how I felt about Medium when I first saw their editor: refreshingly focused and intuitive.1. How you get to own a perfume brand? Natural development, by coincidence or it was a wax?
Leo: The brand itself has kind of grown from a mix of a lot of my interests and the need to be creative I think. The key thing being my interest in history. I did history at university and I also studied history of art. I have always been interested in design, psychology, and even trained in anatomy, but my real interest is dark bits of history. I still think is kind of bizzare comming here and seeing the BeauFort stand and meeting all these people, it's like - How has this happened? But the catalyst was defintely the wax. A few years ago I started developing moustache wax because I got it into my head that I wanted to make the best moustache wax in the world.
Me: In the world?
Leo: In the world!
Me: Are you use it?
Leo: I did, when I had a moustache, yes. So, I started making moustache wax with friend of mine, we had a workshop and we made this aluminium case for the wax, and I spent a year formulating it in my kitchen! it was something I just got totally obsessed by, creating this object to the best of my ability. I think it‘s in my character maybe, to be - obsessed. If I find something that intrigues me, I just...
Me: Go deep.
Leo: Yes, and I can get tunnel vision on it, focus. So through doing that (wax) I started experimenting with the fragrance oils, I started to learn about fragrance and researching. I always had an interest in fragrance but I wouldn't call it an obsession, it has always been something I have enjoyed. But then, through doing the project with the wax, I discovered a lot about how fragrance is constructed and how complex and varied it can be. There is so much to it, you know? And the more I learnt, the more I found there was to learn and so my kind of obsessive side took over. And now I find myself down the rabbit hole, it's like „Alice in wonderland“ - you start at top and then you lose yourself (laugh). And now here we are, in deep! Developing the Fragrances has really appealed to a side of myself that’s always been there, the creative aspect that likes finding curious projects to get obsessed by, and In an unexpected way I've found something that I really love to do. And perhaps because I don't know so much, I'm not an expert, maybe it's more interesting, because weird things happened and thats fine.
Leo: No, no, and I think working with perfumers as now I do (because when I tried making the perfumes by myself, it was not so good!), I found that they really enjoy working with me, because the briefs they get from me are not like anything they usually get. Two perfumers. Two ladies called Julie Marlowe and Julie Dunkley, both the same name, very confusing sometimes (laugh), but they met with me, when I was looking for someone, when I was trying to find the company that had enough size to be able to grow with me, but also be small enough, so that we could have lots of conversation and work closely. That was really important. We sat down, and had lunch and that was it!
To be honest, I don't think about it too much. I don't analyze it. I just do it and I do what feels good and what I like to do. I don't question it. Cause if you start question too much you can maybe lose the fun. There's never been a plan, I never sat down like with an accountant or a business advisor... I just enjoy, like do something that you find interesting. And if you do something that you find interesting, you will do it to the best of your abilities. And it just so happens I found this project and It seems to have fallen into place somehow.
2. You named collection of Beaufort perfumes „COME HELL OR HIGH WATER“. This expression usually is used when someone is determined to do something (by example: „I will be there come hell or high water “) Is it in honor of Deep Purple’s album, determination to do something, sailors expression, a metaphor related to a sea and battlefield, or what was the idea?
Leo: Well, as with everything with this project, it seems to become what I call it... so initially the collection was called „come hell or high water“ simply because i like the phrase and it resonates, it made me feel something. Then somehow it has lived up to the name! You know, it's not very easy doing this and i have had plenty of things to learn, issues to overcome developing the range. It's a hard thing to do, very hard, but I am driven to do it and now it's almost like „come hell or high water“ this is going to happen and I will make this work – its the company motto! I think that's an American expression - a legal expression that is using in contract law but I can't help but feel it has British roots. Because we will overcome, whatever happens, we will continue. And I feel it refers to London, because London is the city that's been destroyed over the centuries by countless fires, bombs... even in more recently years we had terrorist attacks, all the shit that happens in the world... but we carry on, whatever happens. And I think that I got the sort of idea from my grandmother. She was a nurse during the II. World War and she was living in London during the blitz, the bombs. Just the way she talks about it now. She doesn't talk about it like it was any big thing. They just carried on, they just keep going whatever with all this awful stuff going on around... which I admire. You continue your life. You don't let them win. That's kind of my philosophy with a lot of things. Whatever happens, you keep going. And if you have an idea, that you believe in, you stand up for it and you go.
Leo: The phrase Fathom V come from The Tempest, the Shakespeare play. I like the expression. Again, for me it's lot about words. Words that have to do with depth. So when I was a kid my father used to show me nautical charts. These intrigued me because they are like normal maps on the land, but instead of the land you have sea and instead of height is depth. And depth is measured in fathoms. So the idea behind Fathom V was the kind of capture something dark and deep under the water. But it also refers to kind of change, because within The Tempest, the passage from which name Fathom V comes from, there's another little phrase which appeared for the first time which is „sea change“ which we come to now know is a sort of transition. And I like the idea that the sea is always changing...
Me: So definitely not linear.
Leo: Exactly. And this fragrance is deep, its dark, but it also got light, it's salty and it's earthy. It's the earth, it's the sea, it's duality. So: What we should expect? Meeting of earth and water. And the important thing for that fragrance was always to bring together elements of two things. So you have an represent of water aquatic scent. But what is the sea? It's not blue and nice. It's dark, it's scary sometimes, it can be calm, but it's also rough, it's shallow, it's deep, it changes, it's always changing. So that is the principle. But of course with all this ideas I have, I think about them a lot, because I enjoy it. But ultimately it's for people to explore, understand for themselves and my opinion is only one.
4. Would it attract you to live in the times your perfume „1805 TONNERRE“ (previously 1805) represent?
Leo: To live in that time? Uhmm? It's a funny question. I mean the whole idea behind the collection is that the past is with us. So what has happened before, makes us who we are now. So a lot of the perfumes, a lot of the ideas are about things that have happened to me, or have happened to British people in the past. And that has made us who we are today. So I wouldn't like to live in those times, but I've kind of feel like I almost do, bacause of the past living throught us. That's how we come to exist now. I like the idea bringing something old into its modern context.
5. Why you are obsessed especially about British navy history, because there are a lot of things which you can pull out of the past?
Leo: Because I grow up with this sort of background of my life..
6. What does it mean LIGNUM VITAE?
Leo: It translates as „Tree of Life“. It's a hard wood, it's a tree, which has been used over the years for many different things. But the thing that interest me about it it's intensely hard, they called „iron wood“, so it's always like metal. And they used it to make parts that would normally be metal particularly in ship’s clocks becuase it won’t corrode in sea air like metal does. And this idea that something can be two things at once. It's tree, but it's metal, it's hard, but it has soft qualities..
Me: Metamorphosis.
Leo: Yes, exactly. Duality. And I just love the words. Lignum Vitae. It's been a phrase thats been in my mind for a long time. And that was only the matter of time before I made something with that or channeled that into an idea. In fact the first prototype caps that we made for the bottles, we made from Lignum Vitae. I met this guy, who is a designer in London and he had a crazy workshop on an island on the river Thames. He used to make staircases for peoples homes, beautiful architectural stuff, but he is create things with metal and wood in a very modern way, but his workshop is in an old boatyard on the Thames. Quite near to where I was born. Cause I was born very close to the river Thames and I and my family, we lived on a boat.
Me: A houseboat?
Leo: Yes. When I was a baby.
Me: So you are a „sea-man“
Leo: (laughs) Exactly, yes. So he introduced me to the wood itself. And he showed me that it has this aromatic quality. And then in the process of working with the perfumers to create a fragrance, I decided to try an experiment to see how you will make something from lignum vitae like . So to make a piece for a clock, which is very tiny and small, you had to use like really tiny little saws and stuff, so I tried to make something. And Itˈs really hard to make anything come of it. But in doing that it created this amazing aroma, which was almost sort of gourmand aspect of the fragrance that we now know.
Me: Itˈs also a little bit smoky.
Leo: Yes. Smoky... I think everything I do will always be smoky, just because I like it! (laugh) The smokiness. Perfume. „Per fummum“. Through smoke. It make sense to me.
7. Beaufort. Probably something well known to sailors, but what others will recognize in this name?
Leo: Itˈs funny part of British identity beacuse its a very ‚British‘ name but of course itˈs also two French words. That says a lot about British culture to me.... So contradictory. But the key aspect for me is the wind force scale describing wind intensity which is still used around the world by sailors. It represents something invisible and powerful which is always changing and potentially dangerous....
Me: And can you steer a boat?
Leo: Well, itˈs been a while, but when I was a kid, we used to go sailing all the time. Every weekend. So, Iˈam kind of think itˈs in my blood somewhere.
Me: Oriented by the stars?
Leo: Yes, I probably use IPhone now (laugh)
8. What is hiding behind „VI ET ARMIS“ (previously EAST INDIA)?
Leo: That is a little piece of British history, which people donˈt know that much about. Which was the Opium Wars, when we were occupying India at that time.. And we, as the British, were selling... smugling opium from India, where it was grown. And then smuggling the opium into China in exchange for tea. And the tea we brought back to England, because everyone there was obsessed with tea, and still is. But this created some real big problems in China and there was very brief, fairly brutal military campaign about this. It was interesting for me to kind of create something with this idea of the tea versus the opium. It's something that is really intense.
Me: And how can get the opium into the perfume?
Leo: Well, that was the question I asked the perfumers. So they had to do some research about like what the opium smells like and they found some old books. I also found some books about opium, there’s a big poetic tradition like Shelley and Keats, all were taking opium, it was a big thing then. But the actual aroma of opium, they discovered, was kind of like flowers, very sweet, sticky, like ylang. That was the kind of starting point. They made the opium note with ylang and it could be a birch tar as well. To get some stickiness.
Me: Do you drink a tea?
Leo: Yes sure, I’m English! I always drink Earl Grey or Lapsang souchong. Smokey. Smoked tea with some spiciness. And in the background of „Vi Et Armis“ with this his kind of spiciness of the trades, the boats that trade the goods, we take the opium and then we bring the tea back. So there's quite a lot of aspects.
Me: And there is also religion as a part of the story of Vi Et Armis ?
Leo: The religion? Yes. There is incense in there as well. That was partly because of my great grandparents were missionaries in China and the idea that Religion was a kind of ‚export‘. So as I tell before, thereˈs a lot of aspects, lots of different ideas brought together and itˈs not necessarily one clear thing, itˈs like a stream of consciousness. That make it interesting for me. To bring this bits together.
8. Ink, rum and an old book binding in leather. I feel there all of it. „COEUR DE NOIR“.
Leo: Coeur de Noir. In the beginning the inspiration was the „Heart of Darkness“ the Joseph Conrad book, which I read as a quite young. Thereˈs a great piece in the beginning of that book, where thereˈs group of sailors, they are sat on a boat on the river Thames, ready to leave London to go to Africa. And they tell each other stories. And the idea was how do we communicate our stories, how do we communicate our history. And itˈs through ink. Through paper. Through tattoos as well, over drinks! Your stories, your identity is a kind of path drawn through these things. So thatˈs where the inspiration originated. And there is another personal aspect. My grandfather , he was in the navy and he wrote books about boats. But then he also did the pictures. So he was an artist, he did pictures of boats in ink. Black ink. So this is kind of homage to that. So again, there are several things, but brought together in one...
Me: ...piece of art. Thank you for the interview Leo! Great story!
Leo: Pleasure!Virtual IP Alias
This is the situation:
I have 5 external static ip addresses.
I set up a vitual ip (ip alias) for one of them, and I'm port forwarding port 21 to an internal server.
Great, all works.
But, it won't work on one of my ip addresses. I can change the virtual ip address, (the NAT and the rule automatically change, very cool). It works on all but one of my ip's.
Anyone have any tips on how to troubleshoot this? Where to look?
Thanks
- jimp Rebel Alliance Developer Netgate last edited by
Usually that's because either something else is using that IP address, or it's not really usable in that subnet (e.g. it's a null route or broadcast address)
Can you show what IP addresses you are using and the subnet mask? You can block out the first three portions, the last IP part is what is significant here.5 senses poster set free download by danielle mastandrea tpt.
free poster on the five senses edgalaxy cool stuff for nerdy teachers.
the five senses poster by mercedes valentin davila tpt.
5 senses poster set free download science ideas senses.
free five senses display posters smell sight sound hearing.
5 senses handout posters student activity sheet printable by cameron.
free 5 senses cliparts download free clip art free clip art on.
70 best 5 senses craft images easter bunny day care easter.
the five senses treetop displays a set of posters that explain.
158 best my five senses images 5 senses activities five senses.
the five senses printable worksheets mini book posters tpt.
five senses sorting printable totschooling toddler preschool.
the 5 senses printable games.
all about me preschool theme activities and printables kidsparkz.
build a flower 5 senses match frogs and fairies.
five senses by susanfourie7 teaching resources tes.
senses posters teaching ideas.
exploring the 5 senses printable teaching 2 and 3 year olds.
five sense worksheet new 382 five senses preschool powerpoint.
books about the five senses the measured mom.
5 senses activity preschool learning about senses science diy.
the five senses worksheets teaching resources teachers pay teachers.
5 senses sorting mat playdough to plato.
five senses printable book prekinders.
four activities to learn about the sense of touch.
my 5 senses kinder science printable by sliding into second grade.
144 best five senses images in 2019 5 senses activities five.
a better way to say 5 senses thesaurus posters grunge theme by.
5 senses worksheets.
5 senses in spanish cinco sentidos spanish simply.
there s no place like kindergarten 5 senses stem unit freebie and.
my five senses lesson plan education com lesson plan.
5 senses printable etsy.
free printable charts and posters for preschool and kindergarten.
digital citizenship poster for elementary classrooms common sense.
the 5 senses gift idea from the dating divas.
five senses gift tags card 5 senses instant download printable etsy.
fun five senses activities for kindergarten the homeschool.
5 senses theme activities archives the preschool toolbox blog.
five senses archives nuttin but preschool.
my 5 senses poster paper teaching learning company 039974.
our big five senses book kindergarten kindergarten.
46 best my project ideas images 5 senses activities kindergarten.
fun ideas for exploring the sense of smell.
five senses posters by innovative teaching ideas tpt.
free printable date night basket the 36th avenue.
sensory activities for children growing hands on kids.
building number sense to 20 what all teachers ought to know.
amazon com educational posters for kids size 17x22 explorer set.
5 senses essay essays using the five senses posters five senses.
the five senses gift comes with free printable tags.
kindergarten kindergarten five senses.
metra announces 13th annual safety contest metra.
classroom posters common sense education.
amazing me kidssoup.
decomposing numbers through 10 poster printable.
all about me poster printable apple theme sea of knowledge.
science archives kindergarten smarts.
crafty texas girls teacher gifts staff appreciation ideas 5 senses.
5 senses worksheets preschool printables.
the5senseslearninggame 091201181319 phpapp02.
parts of speech posters 5 page 05 k 3 teacher resources.
free parts of speech posters this reading mama.
my body parts worksheet for kindergarten download them and try to.
5 senses preschool crafts and the five senses activities crafts and.
5 senses poster kindergarten lovely free printable plant life cycle.
the magic school bus explores the senses teaching guide scholastic.
five senses worksheets for kindergarten free worksheet fantastic.
5 minute classroom mindfulness activities mindfulness for children.
preschool 5 senses printable worksheets the five senses printable.
five senses for kids 5 senses posters freebie worksheet cloud grade.
five senses clipart poster ks1 frames illustrations hd images.
five senses printable book five senses printable booklet five senses.
preschool printables 5 senses posters.
preschool worksheet on senses new best 5 senses images on preschool.
112 best five senses preschool images in 2019 day care 5 senses.
five senses for preschoolers the 5 senses activity sense of smell my.
classroom posters and displays edgalaxy cool stuff for nerdy teachers.
5 senses worksheets mychaume com.
free printable worksheets kindergarten five senses download them.
five senses coloring sheet five senses coloring page 5 pages the.
a day in first grade science galore and freebie 1st lesson plans 5.
5 little pumpkins threading fine motor halloween activity.
daily 5 cafe printable posters iheartliteracy friday freebie.
the 5 senses worksheets 2399140.
homework log printable free science worksheets and journal pages.
Recent Posts
Related Posts
privacy | dmca | terms | copyright | contact | SitemapOrginally posted on The Pulse
Patients with cancer can now swipe and go for their radiation therapy, chemotherapy, check-ups and consultation appointments thanks to a new electronic kiosk system at Blacktown Hospital.
Cancer Centre operations manager Leanne Watson said the NEXA Healthcare Solution digital kiosks have been working well for general outpatient appointments and were pleased to now offer the service to our cancer and haematology patients.
“The digital kiosk allows patients to arrive at hospital, swipe in with their Medicare card and go straight to their clinic, without needing to line up and wait at the reception desk,” she said.
“The digital kiosks make it faster and easier for our patients, and they can sit and relax in one of the lounge areas while they wait for their appointment.
“The system also improves management of appointments for staff who can easily see how the day’s clinics are flowing.”
Leanne said the system is very simple and available in multiple languages, but for people who needs some extra help, the hospital’s wayfinding volunteers are on hand to guide them.
“Our wayfinding volunteers are clearly identified with purple tabards and they are based in the main foyer for anyone who needs assistance,” Leanne said.
Patients can also continue to check-in at the reception desks.
Digital kiosks are just one of the many features in the new cancer and haematology centre, including a chemo lounge, Cancer Council information centre, wig library and supportive therapies.
Contact us today to see how we can help make every customer interaction matter in your organisation:40th Anniversary of the International Institute of Humanitarian Law
Round Table on “Global Violence: Consequences and Responses”
San Remo, Italy
September 9-11, 2010
Conference Sessions:
I. Contemporary Forms of Armed Violence: International Humanitarian Law and Human Rights Law at a Crossroad.
II. Deprivation of Liberty in Armed Conflict and Other Situations of Violence.
III. Individual Guarantees in Detention.
Panelists include international judges, military officers, UN officials, ICRC officials, academics, NGO representatives, and government ministers.Adorable Abigail came from Alpharetta to have her newborn pictures taken today. She was born eighteen days ago at Emory Johns Creek Hospital weighing 7lbs 5oz. She fought sleep today but she eventually gave in so that we could finish her session. Congratulations Mom and Dad on your new baby girl!
Our studio is located in Lawrenceville right off of 316 and I-85. We are not far from Atlanta and surrounding areas such as Smyrna, Roswell and Cumming. Be sure to reserve your newborn spot as early as your second trimester to ensure availability.Last Chapter Next Chapter
“Crap,” Mags said. “Crap, crap, crap.”
“She’s not just a ghost, she’s an aware ghost?”
“She’s not supposed to be. Look, Blake, I meant for this to be the equivalent of visiting a grave, but I can’t do this like this,” she said. She sounded a little frazzled.
Having the girl you’d helped murder speak could do that to you, really.
“Can’t do what?”
“I can’t connect you with this ghost, if she’s maybe going to give you some advantage. Shit. Look, we gotta go.”
“I-” I started, but she was already moving the mirror, turning me away, so I couldn’t see Molly’s ghost. “What’s going on?”
“The Maggie you met in Toronto wasn’t me. It was Padraic. He took my name and screwed me over. This ambassador thing isn’t just a job. It’s a necessity. If I lose it, I’m a goner,” she said.
“It wasn’t you?”
“It was Maggie but it wasn’t me. I’m shoring myself up with the label of ‘neutral party‘ just as much as you’re shoring yourself up with whatever the fuck that is,” she said. Her voice sounded strained as she made the awkward climb up the snowy slope. I could see the goblins up above.
“I get it,” I said. My mind ticked over every scene, every doubt I’d had.
Not a possessed human, but a human mask stretched over an Other.
“Nothing against you, Blake,” she told me, “You’re cool, whatever you are right now. But I’m on pretty unsteady footing right now. If one person gets ticked at me and calls me on it, they can move to take away my title and then I don’t know what happens.”
“You’ve been interacting with Molly all this time?”
“There’s been no interaction, damn it. She’s just… there. She doesn’t respond, she doesn’t move. I do the ritual thing, just as penance and to keep the ghost around, and that’s it.”
She crested the top of the hill, stepping up onto the sidewalk. She wasn’t watching the hand mirror, and my available footing swiftly shrunk as she bent down to shake her pants legs and get the clumped snow off.
When she stood, I had a better view of the two snowsuit goblins through the window of the hand mirror.
“…I don’t know what this means, but like I said, I really don’t want to start anything, and…
One was pointing.
“Mags,” I said, interrupting.
“…Connecting the wild card to a friendly ghost seems like a bad idea, so could you maybe just not-”
“Mags,” I said, louder.
“What?”
“Goblin is trying to tell you something.”
“Right, I told them to shut up. They… Fuck!”
She turned, and I had to move fast to stay inside the patch of light from the mirror.
It was Molly. She’d followed us, but her back was now to us, facing the site of the little memorial.
“Fuck me, fuck, fuck, fuck,” Mags said.
I looked at my cousin’s ghost. “Why are you following us, Molly?”
“I’m so alone,” she said, a whisper. “Everyone’s against me.”
There was a flicker, suggesting that she wasn’t quite so autonomous as Evan had been.
“Yeah,” I said. “I’ve been there.”
“I can’t sleep. I think they’ve been getting inside the house. I hear stuff in the living room, or upstairs, and they were getting to me in my dreams, before I figured out the circles to stop that, except now I don’t dream at all.”
“No refuge in sleep, huh?” I asked.
“I can’t even go to my family, because if I do, then someone might target them, I had to drive them away.”
“You should have called me,” I said. “…Except you couldn’t. I didn’t exist, before you died. Shit.”
“Now they’re coming for me,” she said. “Goblins and spells to trip me up.”
“Molly,” I said, “Did you have a reflection? Or were you a reflection? A person in the mirror, one way or another?”
“All alone,” she said, in an exact repeat of her earlier statement.
“Guess not,” I said. “Well, that clarifies something, and leaves more questions.”
“Can you not be so crazy calm about this?” Mags said. “One Thorburn has them all talking in concerned voices. Two will have them taking decisive action. Three fucking functioning or semifunctional Thorburns, each with serious fucking issues? The rest of those guys are going to be doing one of two things. Some are going to be flying around in a mad panic, propelled here and there by the sheer violence with which they’re shitting their pants, and the rest are going to be getting organized to murder you and pointing the finger at me!”
“I’ve noticed you’re swearing again.”
“Fuck, yeah I am!” She said. She was pacing, but she at least held the mirror in the same general direction, so I didn’t have to pace with her. “Alright, number one goal here is to keep this from steamrolling into a serious problem.”
“I’ve dealt with ghosts before,” I said. “It’s not as big a thing as you’re making it out to be. She’s an echo, not a proper Thorburn, and there’s a limit to what she can really do.”
“She’s making me a little panicky just by being here and being outside that circle, and I was already feeling pretty crummy about the whole shebang here, and now it’s like, all of it’s coming together, past, present, and prophecy.”
“Prophecy?”
“Damn it,” Mags said. She pulled off her hairband, ran her fingers through her hair, and then put it back on, “Okay, look, I showed you Molly because I wanted to make it clear that I’m not against you, right? And I feel like human garbage for having to say no when you were pretty cool before, but those are the circumstances. I thought I’d make it up to you by pointing you to Molly, so you don’t get the wrong idea.”
“Appreciated,” I said.
“Well, this wasn’t something I was all that keen on explaining, because it’s not something I enjoy thinking about. But if I’m responsible for stuff going down a bad road, then chances are pretty damn good that it’s going to turn out a hell of a lot worse than it otherwise might. I’m supposed to help bring about three incidents of blood, fire and darkness.”
“You or ‘Maggie‘?” I asked.
“Me. And with everything going on, this looks like a ripe opportunity, okay? I’m a little freaked.”
A lot freaked, I thought, but I didn’t say so.
“Alright,” I told her. “Alright, fine.”
“Fine?”
“I believe you. I’m game, whatever the game is. What do you need?”
“She’s… I’m pretty sure she’s following you, because she didn’t follow me before. Can you stay put? I’ve gotta go get something to bind Molly with, so she stays where she’s at.”
I looked at Molly. She still stared at the depression of land below the slope. Now and then she flickered, turning to stare at where the hill led to the North End. An echo of her Self in the time before she’d died, debating which way to go.
“Salt,” I said.
“There’s salt on the road.”
“Salt holds power because it’s pure,” I said. “It was used to preserve. It held off rot and it stopped the emergence of life, if you salted the earth with it. It flavors food. Life, consumption, death, it fits into a niche in the cycle of life and death. Dirty, gritty salt, I don’t know how effective that’d be. Probably enough for something as weak as Molly is, but…”
“Probably isn’t a hundred percent.” Mags said. “Got it. Good tip. A box of salt, then. There’s a convenience store just a minute away. Goblins, stay, keep him company, keep the mirror available for Blake, uhhh… Blake, can you promise not to use it against me if I tell them to listen to you?”
“I promise to do my best,” I said.
“Good. Listen to him,” she ordered them. “You can occupy yourselves but don’t cause problems for anyone or anything. No lasting damage to any human, plant, animal, or human-made object, nothing that would cause suspicion.”
The one she’d called Cumnugget groaned for the Nth time. The other one only bobbed its head in a nod.
Mags sprinted off. I could hear her retreating footsteps.
Cumnugget stuck the handle of the hand mirror into the snowbank, then plopped down in the snow. The other goblin did the same a short distance away.
A snowball went flying, hitting Cumnugget hard in the head.
Cumnugget packed up a snowball, squeezing it hard to compact it, and sent it back
Neither goblin tried to move out of the way, they were so focused on the attack. Making more snowballs, harder snowballs, rubbing snowballs in the salt and gravel at the edge of the road, and generally holding nothing back in weaponizing the snowball fight.
Cumnugget was enduring a hail of snowballs to the back and the back of the head, hunched over, while busily sticking one snowball full of twigs so they radiated out in every direction. Sharp teeth chewed off the end of one twig, sharpening it where it had been blunt before.
I could have ordered them to stop, but it was kind of amusing, in a slapstick Saturday morning cartoon sort of way.
“Stop that,” I heard a woman say.
She stepped into my field of view, and plucked the snowball from Cumnugget’s hands. Cumnugget watched, eyes gleaming like forlorn puppy dog eyes, nose bleeding freely from a hurled chunk of ice earlier in the snowball fight, the blood leaking past the buttoned up collar of the jacket, which covered the goblin’s mouth.
The woman bent low, and I had a view of her face as she pulled a kleenex out of a coat pocket and handed it to the snowsuit-clad goblin. “Use this to stop the bleeding.”
Aunt Irene, joined by Callan, my second-oldest cousin.
Molly’s older brother.
“I had to drive them away,” Molly said, without moving her lips. An internal thought brought to life.
“Yeah,” I said. “I’m sorry.”
A snowball smacked into the back of Cumnugget’s head. The goblin whirled, snarling. A second snowball smacked into the goblin’s face.
“Goblins,” I said, my voice low. I didn’t think Aunt Irene and Callan could hear me, but I stayed quiet to be sure, “Give them a little space. Stay in my sight until Mags is back.”
Cumnugget seem to interpret that as permission to go after her fellow snowsuit goblin, who ran.
When they got far enough away that they couldn’t move much further without technically staying in sight, the fleeing goblin wasn’t able to flee anymore. Cumnugget tackled him.
“Almost covered by the snow,” Callan said.
Aunt Irene made a face.
“You okay? It’s not the first time we’ve had to dust off the snow.”
“Comes in waves, doesn’t it?” Aunt Irene asked. “Were you there when I was talking to Christoff?”
“I caught the tail end of that talk, I think.”
“Grief hits you in waves, and sometimes it’s a bigger wave than you’d expect, it catches you off guard.”
“Yeah. You feeling a big wave right now?”
“Oh, it’s in the top five.”
My eyes fell on Molly’s ghost. She was right there, and they weren’t aware.
Not consciously. The pointed grief my aunt was describing could easily have something to do with the ghost’s presence.
“Phew,” Aunt Irene said, fanning herself with her hand, blinking rapidly. “Don’t want to get upset right here.”
“I don’t think anyone would blame you, mom.”
“I’d blame myself. We have things to do. Mrs. Duchamp said-”
“I’m pretty sure Mrs. Duchamp didn’t have to deal with anything like this. Look, why don’t you stay here? I’ll go down and clean up, and that way, only one of us gets snow in our boots.”
“No, on our way back. That way you’re not standing around with wet socks for however long it takes us to follow up on what Mrs. Duchamp said.”
I raised my eyebrows at that.
“Sounds like a plan.”
He put a hand on his mother’s shoulder as they headed down the road in the direction of Hillsglade House. They walked past the snowsuit-clad goblins. Cumnugget was mashing the other goblin’s face into a snowbank.
Molly followed them.
“Molly,” I said.
She didn’t change course.
“Molly!”
As Mags had so eloquently put it, fuck.
The timing had been too specific. Was this the Duchamps at work, manipulating connections to put Aunt Irene and Callan in my way again? Probably not. I wasn’t sure that many people even knew I was around, or were in a position to recognize me if they did.
Mags had talked about a prophecy. Was this her personal version of bad karma, reality going off-rails in the most inconvenient way?
The Rube Goldberg machine of the universe, ticking forward toward Mags’ blood, fire and darkness, or whatever it was.
As the group had passed, Cumnugget had let the other goblin up, only so it would be possible to stuff its mouth full of snow. Cumnugget was currently in the process of packing the snow into the goblin’s open mouth, both hands driving handfuls of it down and in.
“Goblins!” I shouted. “Go stop that ghost! Grab salt off the street and throw it across her path. Do not throw it on her!”
Cumnugget let go of the other goblin, backing off. The goblin wobbled a little as it stood, using its mittened hands to work whole fistfuls of snow out, along with thick tendrils of drool and some blood. It followed about ten paces behind Cumnugget.
“Frick,” I said.
I could have told them to pick me up, but Mags was coming, and I much preferred to have Mags filled in and on board than to be shouting at goblins.
It took two full minutes for Mags to arrive. She was halfway up the hill when she realized something was wrong.
“Go,” I said. “Hillsglade House, I’m pretty sure. Something about Sandra.”
She started to go for the hand mirror. I didn’t wait for her. “I’m going ahead.”
“You want?” she asked, still reaching for the mirror.
“Might be useful,” I said.
Then I skipped over the darkness.
I didn’t have the motorcycle anymore. That sucked. But I was light and I didn’t get tired. I covered ground quickly.
A trio of fat men were reflected in the lights generated by car windows and windshields, half a street up. A little too similar, a little too childish in their dress. Golfer’s clothes, almost, with matching hats with flaps over red hair, red noses, matching sweaters under plaid coats, and pants belted a touch too high at the waist.
They noticed me as I ran, heads turning.
The two in the back glanced in different directions, almost as if they’d communicated with a thought. I slowed, checking for a way around.
The one in front, without a word from the others, deemed it okay to reach out, smashing a car’s windshield, a side mirror, and then kicking a display window.
The light available to me disappeared. Had I kept going at the same speed, I might have been shunted off in one direction or another.
Waiting for me? Prepared for me, even?
I prepared to jump across the darkness, but something made me hesitate.
In the midst of the darkness, a kind of light blossomed, like a glowing smoke. Three figures emerged into the nothingness between patches of mirror-space. They were utterly bald, naked, looked more like metal statues than people, and had the same proportions as the three men I’d seen. The same faces, minus the hair peeking around the edges of the cap. Each had a pecker that looked like it belonged on a baby, not a grown man. They half-floated, half-waddled, and only glimmers of the landscape they walked on were visible in this space. Red stone that fit together without the use of mortar, highlighted by gold, and I thought I saw a glimpse of a carving of a dragon or a dog.
This trio of Others could apparently understand and navigate this mirror space more easily than I did.
“Let me past,” I said.
They shook their heads in perfect unison.
“I’ll rephrase then,” I said, anger leaking into my voice, “Let me past, or I might decide to carve one of you up so badly he’ll never be mistaken for a member of your trio again.”
They didn’t budge.
I ducked right, skipping over the largest tract of darkness available. I crossed a block or two of residential buildings, touched on a patch of light shed from a car’s side-view mirror, and then turned a hard left to continue in the direction I’d been going.
I was just touching on solid ground again when I felt hands seize me by the shoulders.
I stared up at a face. The head was broad and fat, the face almost cherubic, but the two together, they made for a face that was too small in proportion with the head.
I felt a momentary panic at the body contact. In the instant I remembered that those memories were false, that I didn’t need to be paralyzed by them, he reminded me that body contact could still be a very bad thing, hurling me.
I passed through one patch of light, and by through, I meant through. Glass shattered as I entered the area with too much force, another window breaking somewhere in the real world, and I was shunted straight into the nearest mirror realm, still moving fast enough that I broke the glass there with the force of my entry.
I hit ground, tumbling, and managed to put my hand and arm out to stop myself from rolling over into the next patch of darkness and accidentally skipping over to the next patch of mirrorverse. I could feel the spirits patching up the damage to my body as I stood. The drawbacks of having hollow bird bones or a skeleton of dry twigs. I broke easily.
Slippery slope.
The three had already caught up to me, standing on or just outside this space.
I might as well have been a swimmer in shark infested waters. This was their element. Except the sharks were bald fat men with the smallest dicks I’d ever seen.
First Aunt Irene, now this.
Maybe Mags’ reaction to hearing Molly speak had been on target after all.
This sucked.
They paced in a circle around me. I held the Hyena ready to retaliate if they tried to grab me again.
“I clawed my way back up from the Drains,” I said. “I’ve faced off against demons. I’ve killed a goblin, I’ve killed a man. Do you really want to do this?”
They did.
One of them came at me from the left, hands reaching out.
With the broken Hyena, edge very possibly dulled from scratching a damn picture series into the floor of the factory, I slashed out at the closest reaching hand.
Though it looked like these guys had been cast from some dull metal, the blade still managed to cut. Sparks flew where metal met metal, joined by a spray of blood.
In recoiling, he lost forward momentum. In an action that was simultaneously flailing his arms for balance and reaching for me, he threw his other arm my way.
I ducked under it, and I was quick. Much as I’d ridden past the Shepherd, I dragged the ragged edge of the broken sword against the side of the Other’s belly, moving behind it.
I could see the others advancing. Their faces were contorted into matching expressions of utter rage. I’d have called their faces demonic, if I hadn’t met actual demons before.
I wasn’t experiencing the same kind of rage. I didn’t feel much at all. Even the fluttering in my chest had a certain slow rhythm to it.
Just as I’d opened him up along the side of the belly, exposing guts that looked as real as any human’s, I brought the sword across the back of his knees.
The Drains had ground away everything I didn’t need, and had left me equipped with only what I needed to bring about entropy.
“Blake!” Mags’ shout brought me back to reality.
The Other dropped to his knees. His buddies were making their moves, one moving away, no doubt aiming to get to the black void they could swim though as quickly as they did.
I brought the broken sword to the Other’s throat.
His brothers stopped.
“Blake!” Mags said, closer.
“I’m here,” I said.
It took her another twelve seconds to find the reflective surface, even though she hadn’t sounded like she’d been far away.
“What the fuck?” I heard her say.
“They got in my way.”
“What are they?”
“Tweedle Dee, Tweedle Dum, and Bleeding Profusely?” I suggested.
“Shit. Okay, don’t do anything if you don’t have to,” she said. “This is getting out of control fast. Johannes! I need you or a representative, asap!”
“You realize this could out me?” I asked. “He might know my face.”
“Killing one of his guests does too,” she said. “Unless you plan on killing all the damn witnesses?”
I looked at the other two. I wasn’t sure I had it in me.
Light flashed, brilliant, and for a moment, the patch of light I stood in extended two or three times as far in every direction.
“Ambassador,” a male voice spoke, rich with an accent.
“Faysal. We’ve got a situation. I need a decision on this that doesn’t lead to outright war.”
“We’ll see. This would be…”
The dog with the long white fur hopped up, front paws resting on the ledge beneath the window of the house. “…Ah.”
“They’re yours, right?” she asked.
He leaped up and over, jumping into this mirrorverse. Much as the fat men had, the dog walked on the nothingness. Each footstep created ripples that moved too fast, rings of light that seemed to stretch on to infinity in every direction. His fur seemed too white, here, considering the fact that light didn’t reach him while he stood in the darkness.
He spoke, “They are Johannes’ guests, yes. Should I recognize the swordbearer? I’d think I’d recognize these markings, but man’s kind all look so similar.”
“I’m not sure you’d recognize these markings,” I said.
“Ah, very well,” Faysal said. He looked back at where Mags peered in. “You seem agitated, ambassador.”
“Go, Mags,” I said. “Handle it.”
“I have somewhere I should be,” she said, looking between me and the dog.
“Then please go,” Faysal Anwar told her. “Be where you should be.”
Mags ran.
The dog looked at me, sitting. “Good afternoon. Will you tell me who you are?”
“No, sir,” I said.
The outright refusal felt heavy in the air, as if it had a very tangible quality to it. I wasn’t sure why I’d added the sir, but it felt right.
I was left wondering how often something like a Gatekeeper heard the word no, and just what the response would be.
“Good afternoon to you too, by the way. I don’t mean to be rude,” I said.
“I forgive you, abyss-borne. I’m sorry to say so, but you smell of goblins and worse things. Demons, even. The threads that are supposed to tie you to the world are either cut, never to heal, or they were torn during a recent fall, and are only now mending. If I had to guess, I would say you’re walking a very short, violent road.”
“I wouldn’t be surprised,” I answered. “I’d like it if the short, violent road involved helping people along the way, turning that violence against ugly things.”
“Even when that description might include you?”
“Uglier things, then,” I said.
“If you grow ever uglier, then what will you do when there is nothing uglier than you that you’re able to fight?”
“I’ll have reached the end of my short, violent road, I suppose,” I said.
The Other I was holding hostage moved. I moved the sword in warning, and I inadvertently nicked it.
Faysal seemed to take it all in stride. “That will do, then, in place of an introduction. I now know you, and I can present myself as Faysal Anwar, familiar to Johannes the North End Sorcerer of Jacob’s Bell.”
“Well met, sir,” I said, without irony.
“Once upon a time, after I had finished working, I would perch on the tallest mountaintops with two or more of my cousins,” the dog told me. “I would watch. Centuries would pass before I had cause to move again. When I worked, I forged paths. Natural concourses for rivers to flow, for beasts to find water and for feet to tread freely. I helped open up the world like a flower might unfold. I opened doors, and earned the title of gatekeeper.”
“Uh huh,” I said.
“Do you have an allegiance?” he asked.
“Yeah,” I said.
“To whom?”
“I’d rather not say.”
“I understand, but I’ll also warn you: Refuse me one more time, and I’ll declare that this is no longer a discussion, for it isn’t conducted on even footing.”
“What would it be?” I asked.
“Hostile negotiations,” he said.
I didn’t budge. My heart fluttered in my chest like a blind bird in a cage, but I managed to stay utterly still.
“I’ll make my offer,” he told me. “I am a gatekeeper. You, as it appears, are enclosed. Join Johannes in his cause, and I’ll conduct you from your current enclosure.”
The fluttery beat in my chest took on a different note. Freedom.
“I remember making a promise, once, that I wouldn’t accept someone else’s idea of freedom. Only my own.”
“I would open the door, I would not dictate the freedom that lies beyond it, but to ask that you work alongside Johannes,” Faysal Anwar told me. “Should you wish it, I can release the hold that the abyss maintains on you, and nurture the regrowth of your Self, or I can help you open a clear way between here and the abyss. The former would make you as close to mortal as you could be.”
Not only free, or close to free, but alive?
“And the latter?”
“When the abyss-borne are slain, they return to the abyss. If they are strong enough, they can return again and again.”
“At the cost of needing to making an impact,” I said. “To scratch out footing so they can’t be dragged back to the Abyss without being slain.”
“Yes. You aren’t strong enough to return, if you fall, looking at you. The Abyss would break and consume you on your next visit. If I were to open a way, however, a path just for you, it would take but a fraction of the strength to return.”
“You’re doing this for Johannes’ Others?”
“For one or two. For others, I’m doing other things, or negotiating a favor offered by one to buy the loyalty of another.”
Holy shit.
A choice between being alive again or staying like I was and being effectively immortal.
Free of the mirrorverse, either way.
I could have my damn motorcycle back. I could ride it.
But… I’d be on Johannes’ side. I couldn’t help my friends, probably.
False friends, really, I told myself.
But there wasn’t any heart in the thought. I could tell it to myself, but I couldn’t feel it.
My hope crumbled, and crumbled hope became frustration and anger. I hung my head a little, gritting my teeth.
Damn it. Trust a damned angel to use hope to hit me where it hurt.
“No,” I said, and the word was strangled.
“Ah,” he said. “I’ll trust you have your reasons.”
“Yeah,” I said, my voice still strangled.
“As one who has watched over the world for centuries, I know things. I know, for example, that right this moment, your relative is confronting Rose at Hillsglade House. The ghost grows agitated, for it harbors many unpleasant memories of the building. Meanwhile, I know that you’re here, having just eviscerated one of these Iaiah.”
“I like how the sound of its name sounds like some brief, agonized cry,” I said. “Is it supposed to be the cry of the victim, or is it the sound this guy makes after I cut his throat?”
“Neither. Curious. It should have healed by now, but it hasn’t, which suggests a quality unique to you or that blade.”
“Fancy that,” I said.
“Joining Johannes is off the table. Would you be open to compromise?”
“Sure,” I said. “Considering that they were the ones that attacked first, I might be in my rights to demand a little more here, no?”
“You are in your rights. To explain, these Iaiah were invited, and we have a certain responsibility to look after them as a result. They are territorial as creatures created to be guardians so often are, but when placed as guardians, they are more commonly tasked with warding off more abstract things. It seems they react on instinct even when visiting strange places.”
“I understand,” I said. “If you want forgiveness, I’ll drop my grudges, as best as I’m able, in exchange for moving this along, and getting a guarantee this won’t happen again.”
I gotta go, before something happens.
“Deal tendered and accepted,” Faysal Anwar said. “The Iaiah won’t interrupt you again.”
“I need all of Johannes’ guys to stay out of my way.”
“I would be reluctant to offer that even if I knew your full identity and harbored absolutely no doubts,” Faysal Anwar told me.
“Right,” I said. “Damn.”
“I told you I would move this along. I offer free, unmolested passage through Johannes’ realm, in and out, within the next day. We will have a discussion, I will nourish you, and we’ll agree on one favor. I promise no tricks or manipulations, no attacks or subterfuge. You and I will agree on a favor for me or my practitioner to perform for you, in exchange for your release of the wounded Iaiah. You will leave Johannes’ realm in a frame of time reasonable to you, and you will do so happier, healthier and better than you were when you entered, in a way that the you of the present would deem agreeable.”
“Yeah?” I asked.
“This I pledge, in exchange for the release of this guardian entity.”
I removed the sword from Tweedle-Bleeding’s neck. “Deal.”
“Fare well,” Faysal Anwar told me. “I must remove the wounded to where he may be helped. Excuse me.”
“You fare well too,” I said.
I leaped across darkness.
A flash of light ripped across the darkness behind me. Surprised, I very nearly missed my step, stepping into the nothingness, rather than leaping across it. Not such a problem -I still moved across instantaneously-, but when the footing differed in angle or I stepped onto snow, it could make me stumble.
I reached the foot of Hillsglade House, reflected in the windows of the houses across the street from the spike-topped wall.
My next step took me to the spot where the house’s windows faced the surrounding property. The window jutted out over the porch, two windows sitting at diagonals and another facing straight out. I had a view of the front door.
Molly, Rose, Aunt Irene and Callan were all present.
Mags…
Ah, there. A patch of light further down the driveway. She held the hand mirror, but it didn’t face her.
“-Going to come with me right this instant.”
“You do not get to order me around, Aunt Irene,” Rose said. “If you keep trying, I am going to slam this door in your face.”
“You have no right to sell this property.”
“I agree! I don’t know where you got it in your head-”
“Reliable sources,” Aunt Irene cut in.
“Wrong sources,” Rose said. “I swear I have no intention of getting rid of this place. Believe me, I wish I was in a position to, but-”
“But you’ve got people with you right now, looking at the property.”
“Looking only in the vaguest sense of the word, they aren’t looking to buy. They’re… acquaintances from Toronto. That’s it.”
“Could you word that in a less convincing way?”
“Probably! But I’m being honest. Whoever told you that is just trying to mess with me, just like they messed with Moll-”
Callan’s hand hit the door so hard and so fast that I swear even the ghost jumped. Flat of the hand on hard wood, making windows rattle.
Molly had gravitated closer to me, back to the wall, eyes downcast. Rose a few feet to her left, me a few feet to her right. “They won’t stop making noise. I haven’t been able to sleep right for days.”
“Stressful, huh?” I murmured.
“Try that again?” Callan asked, speaking low and slow, with menace in every syllable. “You’re a chronic liar, Rose. That’s as good as fact. You won’t convince us of anything, got it? Don’t ever try using my sister’s name again, because I’m going to hear it as a lie and I won’t be able to hold back.”
“You’re going to hit me?” Rose asked. “Do it. I’d be worth it, just to have you out of my hair.”
“We’ve got the backing of the local police,” Irene said. “We, not you. Callan would get away with it.”
“Well then,” Rose said, without hesitation in her voice, “Hit me just to vindicate my very, very low opinion of you, please.”
Callan didn’t move.
“The police are on our side, the local bigwigs are putting their weight behind us-”
“If by weight, you mean some old-school cannon with the barrel planted between your shoulderblades, the metaphor works.”
“-and most of the family is in town. You’re alone in this.”
“Alone,” Molly’s ghost echoed her mother.
“It’s okay,” I said. “I’m here.”
The ghost raised her head, looking straight through me.
“Yeah,” I said.
“…an idea that is?” Rose was asking. “There’s a reason they brought the family here, and it’s not to help you or hurt me. It’s to ruin all of us. How can you even live in this city this long without picking up on how much they detest the Thorburns?”
They’ve set it up so they can take us all out in one go.
These were the plays the other sides were making. Irene being here, bringing the family in. Optimal ways to root Rose out.
“They might dislike us but they hate you,” Aunt Irene said. “The enemy of my enemy-”
“Is still a damned enemy!” Rose said. “The sooner you realize there is no such thing as a true ally, the better off we’ll be.”
“I suppose we’ll have to prove you wrong by working together. We’ve got Molly’s version of the contract, and we’ve got multiple eyes going over it.”
“I’m stuck,” Molly’s ghost murmured, not moving her lips.
“You won’t find a thing,” Rose said, just a little smug. “Believe me, Grandmother’s lawyers are very capable.”
“I advise you call them.”
“They’re the sort of capable that makes them a little too costly to call on a whim,” Rose said, her voice level. “I’m tempted, though, and not because I’m worried about what you’re trying to pull. I just want to see the looks on your faces when you see just how badly you’ve been misunderstanding this whole situation.”
“There’s a monster in the attic,” Molly thought aloud.
“Well put,” I said.
“…Advising you call them,” Aunt Irene was saying, “Because we’re making our first argument. The contract stipulates you’re supposed to maintain the property, but for the last two weeks of December and the first week of January, the driveway wasn’t plowed.”
“Oh my god,” Rose said. “They really know how to fuck with me. They gave you an excuse to be pedantic.”
“We’re challenging you for custodianship,” Aunt Irene said. “You’ll be hearing from us shortly.”
“Fine,” Rose replied. “Please go fuck yourselves on the way out.”
Aunt Irene turned to leave, Callan following.
I could see Mags glance down at the ground. She muttered something at Aunt Irene as the woman passed. From Aunt Irene’s body language, I didn’t think she’d responded or even acted like she’d heard.
Molly’s ghost started, as if to follow, then stopped. She looked at Rose, then at me, then her mother. “I don’t know what to do.”
“Just relax,” I said.
Rose stepped out onto the porch, arms folded. Her face was a little flushed, short hair damp. “What are you doing here?”
“Keeping the ghost calm,” I said.
“Trying to stay calm,” Molly said, echoing me.
Mags came up the steps. She didn’t approach, but leaned against the railing of the porch instead.
“Ambassador,” Rose said.
“Hey Mags,” I said.
“Hey,” Mags said, a little glum. “You work things out with Johannes’ familiar?”
“Yeah,” I said. “Man, he makes tempting offers.”
Rose shot me a look.
“Why do people ever deal with demons when they could deal with angels?” I asked.
“I’d think there’s probably a very good answer to that question,” Rose said.
“Don’t worry,” I said, “I didn’t join Johannes.”
“I’m not worried,” she said. “I’m just saying.”
“Well so am I,” I said, a little testily. “I’m backing you up here, seriously. Stop fighting me and let me, and we could actually make it through.”
“Ahem,” Mags cut in. When I looked at her, she gestured a little at the ghost.
Molly’s ghost was twitching, flickering a little more.
“Right,” I said, sighing. “This enigma. Our runaway ghost. We can hardly bind her here.”
“No,” Mags said. “You look worse.”
I looked down, touching my side where I’d careened into the ground.
What I felt alarmed me.
I unzipped my sweatshirt.
My lowest right ribs were exposed, and they were a little more narrow and crooked than ribs should be. Branches climbed out from the skin to entwine them. Feathers stuck out here and there, half tattoo and half feather.
“Bleh,” I said. “I don’t suppose you could look up Iaiah, Rose?”
“I’ve got enough to do,” she said. “What Auntie was talking about? She could probably pull it off… it’s almost precisely what I’d try to do if the tables were turned. I could deal with it, but I can’t deal with it and this war at the same time. Things are going to explode any day now.”
“Let me try, then,” I said. “I’ll see what I can do about those guys, and Molly here.”
“You’re implying I trust you.”
“I’m implying you have no other choice,” I told her.
“Fine,” Rose said. “You’re probably right. Go to town. Just don’t expect it to change anything if you succeed, and you will lose what little tolerance you’re getting from me if you screw this up.”
That said, she returned to the house. The door wasn’t slammed, but it shut with enough force to make the window shudder.
I frowned. “I’m annoyed with myself for ever entertaining the idea that she could be a female version of me.”
“We should go,” Mags said.
“Right,” I said. “Let’s get this situation under control. No blood, fire and darkness for us.”
“God, don’t even say that,” Mags told me.
“I’ll come with you to the spot where you can bind her,” I said, “Then skip over to Johannes domain. If they’re going to owe me a favor and if it’s going to make a difference, I’d rather make that difference sooner than later.”
“Fair,” Mags said.
“You bind Molly here, then maybe we touch base and confirm everything’s cool before I see what a vestige like me can do about the legal issue with the family?”
“I think that sounds like the safest activity you could undertake,” Mags said.
“Don’t say that,” I told her. “That’s a bad omen.”
“There are bad omens everywhere,” Molly said. “I want to see the family. I have to warn them.”
There was a clarity to her voice that made me very concerned. A degree of focus.
She was developing a little too quickly for my liking.
“Change of plans,” I said. “I’ll help you with the binding, first priority.”
Last Chapter Next ChapterLast week, legendary investor Carl Icahn spoke to CNBC, reflecting on the market volatility that had been taking place over the last few days, and issuing an ominous warning to investors:
“This is something we’ve never seen before… I don’t remember ever seeing a market with this kind of volatility over two weeks…The market has become a much more dangerous place… it’s like 2008 where everyone was buying mortgages and CDS.”
With regard to the latter comment, Icahn was referring to investors piling into index funds and ETFs, “passive investment” vehicles that he believes are over-leveraged.
His main points:
- .“
He then cranks it up with a dire prediction:
- “I do think the market will bounce back but these are the rumblings before the earthquake.“
- “The market is telling you something… it’s telling you it’s very dangerous…it’s way over-leveraged.“
We’ve heard this kind of talk before, though not in a manner that had identified index funds as a primary source of risk. But one thing we might be able to observe is the level at which investors are over-leveraged.
How much “margin” debt are investors taking on?
IF this chart is reliable, then it indicates that our current margin debt level is higher than any we’ve seen in previous years, including the years leading to the 1987 crash, the tech bubble, and the 2008 financial crisis.
And this is why Icahn believes that “A major storm is coming, could be 5 years, could be 5 months,” and that “there’s going to be a bigger problem than 2009 and 1929. “
Icahn took a step back, however, stating that “no one can tell you what the market is going to do – it’s almost farcical to think you can,” emphasizing that his forecasts are based on research, perhaps implying that research is not the same as prediction.
So do you think that a majority of these leveraged accounts are invested in index funds and ETFs? If so, do you think that a record-high margin level can cause the markets to come tumbling down?
If you feel that this poses a potentially systemic risk, what are you doing to position yourself, should the worst happen?
Watch the full video below:
Billionaire Carl Icahn calls market a ‘casino on steroids’NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/Getty Images Fox News host Sean Hannity is seen in the White House briefing room in Washington, DC, on January 24, 2017.
President Donald Trump spent Thursday morning with a series of tweets about Fox News host Sean Hannity and Ed Gillespie, a Republican running for governor of Virginia.
Trump also expressed support for preserving the “statues/heritage” of the state of Virginia and criticized Gillespie’s opponent, Democrat Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam, for not showing up to “meetings/work.”
Here’s what you need to know:
Trump Praised Fox News Host Sean Hannity
President Trump retweeted a tweet from Peter Chowka, who wrote about Fox News ratings in the Hagmann Report.
The Fox News Channel has restored its ratings dominance in prime time in the wake of the latest shake-up in its schedule four weeks ago. On Monday, September 25, Sean Hannity moved his nightly show from 10 to 9 P.M. E.T. to challenge MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow. That has proven to be a major ratings success. On Monday, October 30, Laura Ingraham and Shannon Bream will complete the channel’s reconfiguration of prime time when they start their new shows at 10 and 11 P.M., respectively.
The Hagmann Report is also on BlogTalkRadio, where it says its show provides “listeners information about current events and historical topics that transcend the political right-left paradigm and delve into the real issues behind the sugar-coated news.”
Run by a “father-son detective duo,” the Hagmann Report “uses their investigative abilities and resources to aggressively research and report on issues left untouched by the corporate media and those that exist beyond the scope of the non-traditional media. The show addresses many issues once considered mere fodder for ‘conspiracy theorists,’ tracing their roots from the various events that created them through the fabric of history to the present day.”
Trump also tweeted about Hannity’s upcoming film, “Let There Be Light.” Hannity is executive producer for the faith-based drama featuring actor Kevin Sorbo, of “Hercules: The Legendary Journeys” fame.
According to the Washington Examiner, the movie cost $3 million.
Hannity told the Washington Times that Hollywood is falling short when it comes to inspiring moviegoers.
“I think [the studios’] formula … is stale and does nothing to make you think,” Mr. Hannity said. “It does nothing to inspire. It does nothing to move you emotionally.”
“Let There Be Light” opens in theaters today.
Trump also retweeted a Hannity tweet about Hillary Clinton.
Trump Tweeted Support for Ed Gillespie, Who Is Running for Governor of Virginia
At 10:07 a.m. Eastern time, President Trump tweeted about Ed Gillespie, a Republican running for governor of Virginia. “Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #’s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage!” Trump tweeted.
He also took a jab at Gillespie’s opponent, Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam, a Democrat serving alongside Gov. Terry McAuliffe, who is not able to run for re-election because of term limits.
“Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn’t even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime!” Trump tweeted.
Northam responded on Twitter:
The latest RealClearPolitics average of polls has Northam ahead of Gillespie by 3.9 percentage points.
Trump Tweeted About Unity Within the Republican Party After Meeting With GOP Senators on Capitol Hill
WASHINGTON, DC – OCTOBER 24: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) (L) and U.S. President Donald Trump arrive for the Republican Senate Policy Luncheon at the U.S. Capitol.
After publicly sparring with Republican Senators Jeff Flake of Arizona and Bob Corker or Tennessee, Trump tweeted at 10:30 a.m. Eastern time about the sense of unity within the GOP. Trump met with Republican senators at the U.S. Capitol on Wednesday to talk about his plan for tax reform.
“Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!” Trump tweeted.
Trump Also Tweeted About the Opioid Crisis in America
President Trump spoke in the East Room at the White House on Thursday to declare a nationwide public emergency to put a halt to the opioid crisis in the country. Trump spoke about his brother, Fred Trump, who died at age 43 after a battle with alcohol addiction.
“I learned, myself —, but he would constantly tell me, don’t drink. He’d also add, don’t smoke. But he would say it over and over and over again,” Trump. There’s plenty of bad things too,” he said.
“But.”By Harshikaa Udasi | Opening Doorz Editorial | December 09, 2016
Hello world! It’s Dia Mirza’s birthday today and while she is away on a surprise getaway with hubby Sahil Sangha, we caught up with her yesterday and fell in love with this beautiful human all over again. Why? Read on to find out.
Dia Mirza is on top of the world. Her Iranian film Salaam Mumbai with the country’s super star Reza Golzar has hit bull’s eye at the box office and has earned her critical acclaim too. “I think it’s the best birthday gift to receive! Iranians have showered me with their love and I can’t wait to see their reaction to the film in person,” says the ecstatic actor and producer. She leaves on December 20 for Iran to celebrate the success of the movie—an amalgamation of Indo-Iranian cultures.
But beyond the reel, Dia is known for her dedication and passion in pursuing social causes. She is associated with causes such as wildlife protection, environmental conservation, female infanticide and caring for cancer patients. “I really believe that everyone is born to make a difference and this belief has got strengthened through the years,” she says. “I was a child born out of prayers. My mom had been told she would never conceive and my parents were married for seven years before they had me. She always told me this thing: ‘Your existence is not separate from other people. We cannot work in isolation. So reserve your empathy for those who need it’. It is something that has stayed with me always.”
It’s this thought that keeps the lady motivated to keep pursuing these causes no matter what the pressure may be on time and resources. “Sometimes it gets terribly difficult to juggle work deadlines with my social commitments but then I sit and wonder what value would life have without a purpose. Like my mother used to say, ‘If you have access to people and the ability to make a difference, if you are special enough to receive the love of so many people, then you have to use it well’,” says Dia, adding, “There are so many issues. I can’t be apathetic.”
Save the environment…
For Dia, the pressing need of the hour is conserving the environment since development is synonymous with urbanisation. She strongly feels that it needs the involvement of every citizen of the country—right from a filmmaker to an actor to a dancer to an entrepreneur. “We can’t afford to sit on the fence any longer. Where is the country going in the name of development? We need to ask ourselves this and actively participate in helping our environment,” she says.
Dia may not wear a cape but she is Super-Woman when it comes to environment conservation. She has been busy promoting conservation by generating relevant content. This year, for instance, she was part of a film about the eco-friendly tree Ganeshas, which was followed by her directorial debut, a public service message film, #KidsForTigers, and the TV series Ganga—The Soul of India which she hosted.
Earlier, she had created vlogs on the Uttarakhand fires and her Kaziranga National park trip. “I am doing what I can, through media, through content; I am giving TED talks and speaking at universities,” says Dia, revealing that she is currently developing a web series titled Earth Heroes, based on Indians who are doing something to sustain nature. “There are so many people out there whose stories need to reach the masses. They are doing their bit for the environment and by making them household names what we hope to achieve is awareness.”
This year when the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan committee contacted her to be the ambassador, she was only too willing. “However, I told them that aside from the building of toilets which is the main cause of the programme, they must look seriously into the problem of waste management. To their credit, they gave me a free hand to handle the communication for the campaign,” says Dia. Now the lady is working with officials of the H-ward on making the Linking Road in Mumbai plastic free, offering a better waste management to restaurants and hospitals across all Mumbai wards and working closely with societies to make them completely waste-free.
Environmentalist Baba Dioum’s philosophy guides Dia Mirza all along – “In the end we will conserve only what we love; we will love only what we understand; and we will understand only what we are taught.”
Besides nature conservation and environmental sustainability, Dia has been working closely with Genesis Foundation’s Save The Children to help critically-ill underprivileged children. Since the time Dia came on board, the foundation has saved the lives of approximately 1000 such kids. She is also working hard for the Right of Passage for elephants in the country. Reviving the 101 elephant corridors in India for the ease of movement of the tuskers is what Dia is striving for. “In fact, I am very happy that next year onward, we will have a lot of communication going across about Right of Passage. There will be videos, radio promotions and ‘live’ promotions by Bollywood stars, filmmakers, basically everyone with a fan following because we want to have as much awareness created about the passage. These Bollywood icons will speak about the importance of being a part of nature not apart from nature.”
Dia concludes saying, “India is very rich in its knowledge and culture. That’s why this country has attracted civilisations. It’s up to us now to keep the environment safe. Our lives depend in it.”
EuroBloodNet is a collaborative network that brings together individuals and institutions committed to improving healthcare services in RHD. This network of healthcare providers (HCP) is comprised of 66 HCP of 15 EU Member States, all nationally recognised centres of excellence.
The participation in EuroBloodNet of highly skilled and multidisciplinary healthcare teams, advanced specialised medical equipment and infrastructures is a key factor to achieve the concentration of resources in all Member States for the design, validation and implementation of high-quality and cost-effective services aimed at facing the challenges of RHD.The Free Land of Egalico is a huge, efficient nation, remarkable for its museums and concert halls, national health service, and devotion to social welfare. The compassionate, democratic population of 686 million Egalicoans are fiercely patriotic and enjoy great social equality; they tend to view other, more capitalist countries as somewhat immoral and corrupt.
The large government juggles the competing demands of Education, Healthcare, and Welfare. It meets to discuss matters of state in the capital city of New Gallifrey. The average income tax rate is 68.2%, and even higher for the wealthy.
The thriving Egalicoan economy, worth 49.6 trillion groats a year, is quite specialized and led by the Tourism industry, with significant contributions from Book Publishing, Trout Farming, and Information Technology. State-owned companies are common. Average income is 72,296 groats, and distributed extremely evenly, with little difference between the richest and poorest citizens.
Citizens are allowed to rise or fall based on their own merits, the breathalyser pledge is a traditional part of marriages in Egalico, the government raises tariffs on a weekly basis, and all statues and paintings of dogs are being destroyed to avoid offending cat-lovers. Crime is totally unknown, thanks to a capable police force and progressive social policies in education and welfare. Egalico's national animal is the dragon, which soars majestically through the nation's famously clear skies.
Egalico is ranked 19,097th in the world and 989th in The North Pacific for Most Income Equality, scoring 71.75 on the Marx-Engels Emancipation Scale.
National Happenings
Most Recent Government Activity:
- : Following new legislation in Egalico, all statues and paintings of dogs are being destroyed to avoid offending cat-lovers.
- : Following new legislation in Egalico, the government raises tariffs on a weekly basis.
- : Egalico voted against the World Assembly Resolution "Condemn Civil Defence Siren".
- : Egalico was endorsed by The Democratic States of Ciri Pole.
- : Egalico was endorsed by The Theocracy of East Taco.
- : Following new legislation in Egalico, the breathalyser pledge is a traditional part of marriages in Egalico.
- : Egalico was endorsed by The Free Land of HereIsPotato.
- : Following new legislation in Egalico, citizens are allowed to rise or fall based on their own merits.
- : Egalico was ranked in the Top 10% of the world for Best Weather and Healthiest Citizens.
- : Egalico was endorsed by The Federal Republic of Marijuana Haven.
World Assembly
Endorsements Received: 486 » Mzeusia, Notyoutopia, Corfad, Territorio di Nessuno, Shibutani, Siwale, Shin-Hachioji, Buckerino, The Rhein States, PlanetPunk, Sundred, Kwaj, Bayern-Straubing, Koda-Land, Selfgradatude, Yaorozu, United Draconia, Pallaith, Votak Matim, Holy Oranz, Frances Francis the First of France, New Pruessen, Great Bights Mum, Dar es Saalam, Niradans, Sanjurika, Sinelona, Sunto, The United States of Romania, Former English Colony, Shadowrik, THX1138, Wilkshire, Sil Dorsett, Snoodum, New Bremerton, Californian Redwood, Spartoptia, Wineclaw, Malta Comino Gozo, National Goats, Universal State Formula, Zumlandia, Algrund, AGoodPlace, Newpromisedland, Amicities, Arzenoa, Arthur Bomber Harris, Potatolandium, and 436 others.Altivia, Adamanty, British Bayonet, Castle Federation, Atheenos, Arstungry, Camarthen, Beagles Reborn, Breduria, Cam Zazi, Antiyard, Arqadia, Alice Gardens, Azzarel, Amerian States, Blackphir, Amauri, Uganda Knuckles UK, Aroa, Abiswashyo-bhumi, Old Emporia, Vincone Cae, Cairnben, Ara Antrizuls, Caralapace, New Lakemba, Ka Ching, Azura Palatina, Ausnakulia, Calamazo, North Bratislava, Ars Britannia, Bonjoura, Arimbia, Birting, Bothia, BrightFutures, Atomic Industry Islands, Beastos, We Are Number One, Blackwood Coast, Abject Ludicrosity, Dreadton, Kasazzastan, Victoriaans Nederlands, Bojacks and Jills, Sakaryata, Maovale, Amestris-Britannia, The Iron Lions, Omnistria, Adkins Station, El Fiji Grande, Papika, Ateala, Ethnon, Cloydicia, Highton Islands, Kobagia, Agrauron, Diodone, Stat Artha, Yarecir, Federation Terra Australis, Gladio II, Napnomadia, Outer Egorniand, Avemterra, Sheldanada, Bearical, Guslantis, Warsaw-Halicz, United North American, Ninjak30, Australiland, Lunallian, Hong Kong Empire, Wunderstrafanstalt, Empy, Plumas, Black Templares, Ethereal Expanse, SillyString, Kulgatha, Overwhelming Regret, The Pantheons, The Black Cathedral, Xentherida, Steraz, The South Falls, Torakuen, Yukti, New Eleria, Maott, General COE, Unsophisticate, Grobbillandia, Eri-Maqa-Ena, Guer Aike, The Windmilluminati, Pasargad, Alunya, Moubarakistan, Ainsworth, COCONUT-CITY, New Trisone, Ozstan, Kyrianian, The Sinclarian Provinces, Atain, Justanistan, Ieprus, Aningem Atron, Suicidistan, Zemnaya Svoboda, Joodey, Ostrinios, 1 very fast endotarter, Q w e r t y, Ofemerica, Detrivania, Dylanana, East Supple Lund, Chukstik Illahi, Fun time land of Fun, French Bananastan, Brettenia, Daiz, Jasminlandia, Eau Grim, Cailocana, Montarc, Govornia, Central Ryal, Stuiderland, Solmetria, Republic of Turbin, Sheldony, Western Vapia, Aetulia, Vexilia, Iselko, Surikatia, Lorigia, Walter Jackson, Moose repupblic, The Discipled, Orven, Death By Astonishment, Gilakistan, Koryohan, Minuda, United States of Americanas, Socientiae, Novo Nitra, Fraenclanh, Heluthsrew, Zupla, Kalatona, Pleroma Sans Romans, Renzic, The Republic of Rosemount, New Chilokver, Tappan Hills, Waupun Island, SORT, Fascist Democracy, AltanUrag, North Armatas, Erwo Stal, Great Solordia, MinaFederal, Great and Glorious Martese Unionins, East Wushen, Aweland, Wanatah, Mazuri, Kalimora Aire, Skull Utopia, New Dele, Livingstone, Kolorland, Ostrolia, Cinq Fleches, Tarr-Nation, Kuda1, Test2018, Haor Chall, Union of Austria-Hungary, New Pacifian Territory, Partax, Zighineborp, Supercarriers, Revolutionary Sealand, United Kahndaq, Metamen, Lunalux, Sabeeh System, McDonaldsland, Jackxanlandia, IsiMUd, Shigonia, Tranquillitas Ingenii, CelebrityDude, Cyrenayca, Illichiana, Puyeo, Yummy Blubber, Dopeland420, Analomink, Iyada, Choistan, Neo-Philadelphia, Wooleystan, Free Culture, Dicko, The Gamer Party, Novingerian Islands, New Austra, Esplandia, LostLegion, Lamuell, Vathekia, Longsword01, Kubrostavsria, Left vietnam, ZimRobwe, Edith, Democratic Peoples Republic of the US, Mombata, Sunaiya, Tianqing, United States of Medford, Mariadne, Auspelia, Phoronu, The Most Freedom Ever, Ice and Tinian, ATempire, Venezuelia, The Empire of Bangladesh, Riechelburg, Kuveria, Pinguioris, Gbliss, Artemizistan, Acrabinnia, Nuova Belgica, Durr, Timglish Congressional Republic, Manticore utopia, Plasir Grand, The West United States, Ivalex, Chamocha, Palisede, Valhalla123, Saint Alaric, The Holy Lands of Namiir, JAOECW536, Stellaris-Crystaloga, Karazan, Piptaimerfulopia, Shinra, Copria, One hundred castles, Magorostan, Heminaw, Marxist Luxembourg, The AP Republic, Humptalumpta, Sile Maungistan, Riversedge, David Davidson, Lower Nubia, Indiana Hoosier nation, Prydania, Kirnea, The Bureaucratic Territories, Oktavio, Heken, Rionion, Yemet, Ilisseia, Srpski Novo Zelandjani, Orado, Kokomo Island, Southern Peopoloistopia, Nyenarod, Viridiann, Defewa, Evetstan, Odrinia, Musselshell, Sacrento, Zokk, Kanlidia, Oziia, Neo Hungarica, Upper Theigiestanticiania, Phualand, Lemonbiscuits, Orenmark, Necromonia, Fizban, Dadastan Archipelago, Pradovnia, Sylverland, Helix Labs, Cinnibar, VNA, Zankioa, Dawn Guard, Jpia, Flaksis, Elgaland-Vargaland, Elysium and Palaven, Nationeer, Kelvaros Prime, Ediola, Ibalon, Changjo, Soviet Terran, Felpolandia, Nortopenesenia, Sea Ghost, New Phyrreus, The Brunchovian Republic of Pina Colada, HeartLard, United Asgardian States, Mesherica, The Bloodline of the Angels, The Lucky but Unfortunate Wanderers, The Kingdom of Malomgo, Elder Realms, Keelut, Lotus Aeterna, Kitsushire, Neo Colorado, Kosackia, Raseus, The Kyziban Islands, Putinopia, Ostrekoj, Eslua, United States of Straight Sheeple, Saint Mar Evilawies, The Serdey Islands, Sylcar, Novae, Imperiousation, Mount Timbers, The Chelles, Fendlium, Brandenburg-Ansbach, Bananaaaaa, Agares, Ascenon, Alosania, Corsithia, Asgardira, Bednardia, Saimatsu, Strong union state, Baitou, Aeolist, Anna Airters, Ischyri Thelis, Gukapub, Axstahl, United Kingdoms of Islands, Russlandian States, Beautifil Russia of The Future, Auriel, Amearikka, Riverwinde, Northern Glory, WaddleDaddle, Alcarand, Boggovia, Pans Desta, Get Away From Me, 6ce, Libertarian Nation of Japan, East Pordan, Saturns Edge, Foraldn, Fayyayid, Balimut, Northern Gala Arment Toustavo, Alexopotamia, Kirostan, Eripolis, The Notorious Mad Jack, Novare Res, Jefffliu, Racoda, Ibiscaton, VarDrade, Fortnite Eco, Der 77th, Bohr Einstein, Original Colonies, Ucatski, San Xavier, Spunkland, Advancia-Sizzletown, Lililover, Wisconsota, Vlanatia, Foreess, Vikingiarchy, Norostilors, The Srovsk State, Misuvelia, Bidragistan, Northwestern Japan, Dorgus, Lovington, Paradeavenlisian States, Noiah, Peldorn, Plangainer, Steampunk Ariel, Boltang, Biebertal, Scouria, Armagstan, Beta Centauri B3, Meyghan, Trillius, Tur Tuxessevia, Marijuana Haven, HereIsPotato, East Taco, and Ciri Pole.Home › Forums › Photography Q&A › Help recommend a camera › Reply To: Help recommend a cameraThe application process for the largest national LGBTQ+ scholarship program is opening next week.
On average, LGBTQ students accrue $16,000 more debt on than their heterosexual peers, according to a survey by StudentLoanHero.com.
Queer-identifying students enrolling in an undergraduate or graduate program for the 2019-2020 school year can can apply for a Point Foundation Scholarship, an L.A.-based organization that currently provides financial assistance to 97 students throughout the U.S.
Nearly a third of LGBTQ+ students report being discriminated against based on gender identity or sexual orientation when seeking financial assistance for higher education.
“Despite the constant attacks on our community, our LGBTQ young people are eager to develop the skills they need to fight back against discrimination and become the leaders our country so desperately needs,” Point Foundation Executive Director Jorge Valencia said. ”These students’ determination to create an equitable society that values and celebrates diversity needs to be – and can be – realized with our support.”
To receive a Point Foundation Scholarship, candidates must demonstrate academic excellence, leadership skills, community involvement and financial need. Attention is given to applicants who have experienced marginalization and/or are working to improve the lives of marginalized groups, particularly the LGBTQ community, according to a press release.
“I am bigger than the discrimination that threatens my black Trans existence every day,” said Nik Clark, a social work student at California State University. I am somebody. I’m a leader… I’m going to change the world by living authentically and unapologetically in my truth.”
Applications for the Point Foundation Scholarships open online November 1, 2018 at may submit their application until 11:59 p.m. PST January 28, 2019. The 2019 class of Point Foundation Scholarship recipients will be announced in June 2019 for LGBTQ Pride Month.This was a given after the Los Angeles Rams Aaron Donald made record money earlier this week. Donald became the highest paid defender in NFL history. Khalil Mack won’t be too far behind him when he gets his payday.
Oakland does not want to pay him that amount of money. They have been searching for a trade partner and they have finally found one. Insert the Chicago Bears.
Details of the trade have not been released but the the Raiders were seeking two first round picks for him. Given the fact that the Bears have been allowed to negotiate with Mack and his reps since Friday, there’s a good chance they got what they wanted.
Picture Source: Bearswire.USAToday.com
For advertising and sponsorship opportunities with The Game Changer Sports Network please contact Jake at Jake.Jollymore@Gmail.comSunday, March 29, 2015
Fairfield, CT
The Pine Hill Project (Richard Shindell & Lucy Kaplansky) with Special Guests Larry and Theresa Campbell
Fairfield Theatre - Stage One
70 Sanford Street, Fairfield, CT
phone: 203-319-1404
Purchase tickets onlineclick here to purchase tickets
website: fairfieldtheatre.org/shows/pine-hill-project
export this event to my calendar
In 2014, Hallie Turn, 2015, Hallie and her legal team (Gayle Tuch, Ryke Longest, and Shannon Arata) argued that the Commission’s denial was unlawful and should be reversed. You can learn more about the case here. The team learned just before Thanksgiving that Judge Morgan ruled against them and in favor of the State. The full decision is still pending. Once that has been reviewed, the team will decide on next steps regarding the petition.The case attracted a good bit of media attention. You can see video and read about the case here.
In the meantime, there will be a hearing in Raleigh on Dec. 17th (and one in Charlotte on the 16th) to comment on North Carolina’s proposed Clean Power Plan. Please plan to attend this hearing to share input on NC’s inadequate response to this global crisis.W 2017 at the Vancouver Convention Centre.
It is a massive conference with presenters from all over the world. There will be very many sessions on an extremely wide variety of topics on ADHD in adults, children, and teens.
For example just scrolling through one of the four days, Friday, on my 20” monitor took scrolling down 29, count them, 29 screens scrolls.
I hope some speakers will address the problem of our BC government massively neglecting ADHD in adults and children when they conveniently during our provincial election.
The BC Liberals shut down the only adult ADHD clinic in 2007 after a year-long wait list.
BCNDP MLA’s have consistently refused to call for it to be reopened. Unlike them, the past leader and other candidates of the BC Conservative Party called for it to be reopened. The past leader of the BC Greens and others called on it to be opened, including their current leader Andrew Weaver.
In 2016 a private donor funded a small Adult ADHD clinic at Lion’s Gate with only 1 part time staff member vs the 5 full time they had.
I’ve called for establishing Public adult and children’s ADHD clinics in each of the 7 health regions of BC, what do you think?
Justin Trudeau promised me Sept 10th 2015 he’d screen prisoners in Federal jails for ADHD. Now Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan promised to.
In the previous election, many other Liberals promised too. Zero action taken. Maybe some speaker might mention this?
World Congress On ADHD Major Topics/Issues
New advances in ADHD neurobiology
Cochrane systematic reviews on the efficacy and safety of amphetamine, atomoxetine and methylphenidate in the treatment of children and adolescents with ADHD
Meta-analysis on the efficacy, safety and variability in the pharmacotherapy for adults with ADHD
Recent longitudinal studies of childhood ADHD
Health-related quality of life of patients with ADHD
Debate on whether adult ADHD is a childhood-onset neurodevelopmental disorder
ADHD and suicidality in patients with ADHD
New advances in the treatment of ADHD
World Congress on ADHD Programme by Format
Plenary Sessions
Late Breaking News
Guided Poster Tours
Research Consortia Sessions
Industry Supported Symposia
Hot Topic Symposium
Opening Lecture Meet the Experts
Educational Seminars
Free communication
Young Scientist Sessions
Tell other people who might be interested. Tell your doctor/psychiatrist/psychologist, teacher or local blogger, reporter and politicians too.
There is also the 2017 World Congress ADHD Family Day
ADHD Family Day will be on Sunday, April 23rd, 2017, 8.30-4.30 Vancouver Convention Centre East thanks to Caddac and the conference. Only $50.
For Workshop Abstracts click HERE
For Speaker Bios click HERE
Download and print the flyer for ADHD family day ADHD World Congress
4 thoughts on “First Time Outside of Europe. The 6th World Congress on ADHD In Vancouver, Canada, April 20-23rd”
This is a real coup for Vancouver. Hopefully, more people will spread the word so that we can highlight these life-crippling disorders. Let’s get the word out this week!
Thanks Walter, yes I hope they do
Pingback:World Congress ADHD Family Day In Vancouver April 23rd - BC ADHD
Pingback:World Congress ADHD Family Day In Vancouver April 23rd - BC ADHDOn Mar 18, 17:43, Jonathan Ryshpan wrote: { Subject: Re: Economics of software distribution > ....comments about Peter's compress example deleted > > What do free software vendors sell? I'd guess these things, all of > which are called support. > > o Hand holding > o Custom modifications > o Quick bug fixes > o Early access to updates > > The difficulty that vendors of free software have is getting customers > to pay for what they *thought* they were getting for free, namely all > the above and possibly more besides. (Additions are requested.) > ...stuff deleted > }-- End of excerpt from Jonathan Ryshpan This seems to be one core point of the whole discussion: The name 'Free' software is extremely unfortunately chosen. It leads people to associate it with no-cost software, which we all know is wrong. I feel that any other name for the model would have been better, even if it contained the word 'open', like 'open source software' or 'full source bartering' (to keep the acronym 'fsb' :) ). The idea of trading could indeed be used to help a fsb generate revenues, if, the GPL put aside, every author would require the recipients to do something to help the software pool as a whole or just give money if he does not like to do so. An example: If I publish a piece of sofware, I think it would be reasonable to ask anybody who will generate income with that software to give something back. The difference to shareware is that the person may choose among several things to give back: it may be, e.g. a piece of work on the wishlist, a bugfix, direct promotion for the software, or if all else fails, money. By this either my product becomes more valuable with every customer or i get direct payback. Of course it will be very hard to assign a direct value to everything people do, but as a whole there might be a much better motivation for people to put work in someone else's product if they can effectively pay a bill with what they do. Peter Averkamp -- Peter Averkamp, | email: Physics Department E20 | petav@radon.e20.physik.tu-muenchen.de Techn. Univ. of Munich | Phone: ++49 (89) 3209-2408 and -2814 W-8046 Garching, Germany | Fax: ++49 (89) 3209-2338'I'M INTERESTED IN people and what happens to them,' says Jessica Hagedorn, sitting at a table at the trendy restaurant Pastis in Manhattan's meatpacking district. 'That's what engages me - human motivation. What draws some people into the forest and others out of it?' It's an apt question to ask on the paperback release of her third novel, Dream Jungle (Penguin). Using the jungle of Hagedorn's native Philippines as the backdrop, the novel centres on the 'theme of cultural mythmaking,' she says. The myths spring from two real events that were seminal for the Philippines. In 1971, a wealthy Filipino claimed to have found a lost tribe in the Mindanao rainforest. A few years later, Hollywood came to the Philippine jungle to shoot the Vietnam war movie Apocalypse Now. As in Hagedorn's two earlier novels, the non-linear plot of Dream Jungle grows out of her offbeat characters' experiences. 'Everyone put their own spin on it,' Hagedorn says of the tribe. 'As for the movie, it's about who's controlling the images we're going to see. We have the making of a big Hollywood movie a couple of years after the war has ended in a country that looks like that country, but isn't. A movie can provide a very distorted view of the world.' Both the tribe and the movie, she says, raise issues of 'cultural authenticity' - which she explores in her first and second novels, respectively, Dogeaters (1990), nominated for a National Book Award, and The Gangster of Love (1996). 'I was fascinated by our need to have these things in our lives, our need as people to believe in myths,' says Hagedorn, 55, a petite, animated woman, who is a mother and a teacher. Wearing jeans, a black button-down shirt and sandals, her streaked dark hair pulled back with a bandana, she looks simple and chic. 'I don't care if the tribe is real or not,' she says. 'That doesn't interest me. I like the grey areas. I'm not interested in the truth of things.' Those grey areas have resulted in a life as eclectic as that of her characters. In 1962, when she was 13, Hagedorn's parents separated after her father had an affair with a beauty queen. She left Manila with her mother and two older brothers, settling in San Francisco, where her mother worked odd jobs. Her father, who ran an import-export business, stayed in Manila. The young Hagedorn immersed herself in books and began writing poems to escape the loneliness and strangeness of her new surroundings. When she was 15, a friend of her mother's sent the poet Kenneth Rexroth some of her poems. 'He invited my mother and me to meet him,' Hagedorn says. 'He lived in our neighbourhood, the Haight. He said, 'If ever you want to come over and read my books, do so. Treat my home as if it were your library.' I took him up on it. Kenneth was also very involved with Beat poets in that area - he'd take me to poetry readings. If I'd never met him, my life might have gone a different route.' Rexroth included her work in a collection of poetry by three other young women poets that he edited. At 18, Hagedorn became an American citizen. With a Filipino-Spanish father and Filipino-American mother - as well as Chinese, German and Irish blood - she felt she fitted into America's diverse culture. 'I'm connected to my past and roots, but that culture is a hybrid culture, so the American experience isn't so foreign to me.' Deciding she 'didn't need' college, Hagedorn enrolled in a programme run by the American Conservatory Theatre in San Francisco, taking acting classes and working in plays with professional actors at night. She worked part-time jobs writing songs and performing in a rock band called the West Coast Gangster Choir and creating performance-art pieces. 'One doesn't do anything that isn't connected to something deep within you,' she says. 'I feel like everything feeds off everything else. I'm not a typical writer - I have educated myself, and it's been a very eclectic experience. I chose to go into a theatre school because that also interested me as a form of expression. I also like to write for the stage. I feel all of that makes sense for me.' In 1978, her performance pieces attracted the attention of New York's Joseph Papp Public Theatre, which invited her to collaborate on a show. As a result, she decided to move to New York. 'I felt like it was time for a change and that it would be good for me,' Hagedorn says. 'I thought it would toughen up my writing. It's a tough place, and audiences and readers demand more from you.' In New York, she ran a reading series of young Asian American writers for the Basement Workshop, an early incarnation of the Asian American Writers' Workshop. Her interest in cultivating young Asian writers led to the publication of two anthologies of Asian writing, Charlie Chan is Dead (Penguin, 1993), and a follow-up, Charlie Chan is Dead II, published in February. In the mid-1980s, she was living in Greenwich Village, was married to a Chinese-American media producer named John Woo and had a baby daughter, Paloma, now 21 (another daughter, Esther, is 13). After years of writing poetry, a novella, performance pieces and song lyrics, she was ready to tackle a novel. Dogeaters, a derogatory term for Filipinos, was published. A patchwork of interwoven stories set in the Marcos era, the book traces the struggles of disinherited and disillusioned characters in a world still traumatised from the effects of colonisation. Among the accolades, New York Newsday called it a 'brilliantly scattershot story'. The New York Times said it's 'as sharp and fast as a street boy's razor.' Nonetheless, 'it was very difficult to sell the book to a publisher', Hagedorn says. 'We were turned down by a lot of people. The publishing industry has a certain type of myopia. Who's going to be interested in the Philippines?' As she does in Dream Jungle, Hagedorn suggests in Dogeaters that Hollywood and other purveyors of dreams are the most potent and dangerous colonisers of all. They lay claim not just to land, but to people's imaginations and aspirations, holding the common 'dogeater' and the powerful dictator equally under their sway. The novel's mixed-heritage teenage character Rio - who emigrates to the US and announces, 'I'm going to make movies, not act in them!' - sounds a lot like Hagedorn. She says the book's inspiration is 'my own growing up, and the relationship of America to a place that's colonised like the Philippines - that kind of love-hate relationship in which the influence of the dominating country is keenly felt long after that country's gone.' By contrast, The Gangster of Love - which traces the adventures of a female Filipino-American rock band leader in the US, again bearing a resemblance to the author - received mixed reviews. Some found it disjointed and shallow. 'I think they wanted me to stay on a turf I'd claimed, which was exotic to them,' Hagedorn says. 'It's the second-novel problem. When you make a big splash and then try to do something different, there's a certain disappointment. But I wanted to grapple with a story largely set in the US. It's about music and the making of culture and the kind of life one has to lead to make music. I really love that book. I think that book is going to last.' Dream Jungle, which came out in hardcover last year, re-established Hagedorn as a critics' darling. Influenced by Gabriel Garcia Marquez, the novel's lush, feverish writing brings alive a harsh landscape made sufferable only by dreams. 'Latin American writers have a shared history of colonialism - that kind of conflict and contradiction,' says Hagedorn, who first revisited the Philippines in 1974 and has returned regularly to visit family and research her novels. 'We get cultural myths out of popular culture,' she says. 'The making of Apocalypse Now becomes its own legend: the director has a nervous breakdown, the excess that went on ... There's always going to be a mix of revulsion and admiration.' Hagedorn is working on her fourth novel, which, she says, will have something to do with the September 11 attacks. She saw the towers come down from her home. 'No one knows how to confront it,' she says. 'But I think you should at least try, because even those flawed confrontations are important.' In addition, she's working on two plays (her diverse oeuvre also includes several short films and one abstract feature film, Fresh Kill, about the effects of pollution). One of the plays, about five characters grappling with memory and mortality, will be staged by the theatre company Campo Santo in San Francisco this February. The other, a musical, is inspired by Filipino-American Andrew Cunanan, whose 1997 killing spree ended in designer Gianni Versace's death. This spring, Hagedorn will also teach in the graduate writing programs at Yale and Columbia universities. Will her hectic schedule allow time to visit her homeland - figuratively and literally? 'Now that my father has passed away, there's less reason to go back,' she says. 'I'm not done with the Philippines, though.'Your Destination For The Latest in Television, Film and More
Have a question or comment you'd like to send my way?
Send your e-mail here
I'll do my best to read and respond to your e-mails.
The latest issue of Japanese gaming magazine Famitsu, reports that Capcom is calling 2009 “the year of multiplatform”, with plans to release multiplatform games for both the Playstation 3 and Xbox 360. The big get is the sequel to the previously 360 exclusive title Dead Rising. The sequel has been confirmed and will hit […].
Continue reading Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II Multiplayer Beta Goes Live
Sony has officially announced they will be dropping the PlayStation 3 20GB SKU in North America. Once supplies sell-through at retailers, the $499.99 model will not be available for purchase in North America.
Continue reading 20GB PS3 Dropped
Sony has officially set the launch information for the European and Australian debut of the Sony Playstation 3.
Continue reading Sony Sets Launch Date for PS3 in Europe […] […]
Copyright © 2006-2019 Your Entertainment Now - All Rights Reserved. All names, trademarks and images are copyright their respective owners.Powered by WordPress & the Atahualpa Theme by BytesForAll. Discuss on our WP ForumIt can be hard to muster much enthusiasm for cooking when you’re making meals for one. Why go to the trouble and expense of a three-course meal when a can of soup will do? Sometimes the problem isn’t time or expense, it’s just imagination. It’s 6 p.m. and nothing sounds good, so you might settle for a cheese sandwich and a cookie – the same thing you had the night before.
Eating that way isn’t fun for anyone, but when seniors limit their food choices, they put their health at risk. For one thing, when a person limits his or her food choices, it’s harder to consume the variety of nutrients needed for optimal health. Equally bad, eating the same foods day after day can make those foods less appealing, which means people eat less. For many of us, that might not be so terrible; it’s not a smart strategy for seniors, however, because researchers have found a connection between decreased appetite and poor health.
In a study published in the journal Appetite, Emeritus Professor Mark Wahlqvist from Monash University's Department of Epidemiology and Preventive Medicine and the Monash Asia Institute, led a team investigating the connection between appetite and mortality.
"Appetite is generally regarded as one of the most important indicators of health," Dr. Wahlqvist said.
Dr. Wahlqvist used data from more than 1,800 Taiwanese side dishes and a full selection of desserts, including sugar-free and low-calorie options.
Visit us today and see how delicious dining at Village Green Retirement Campus can be. Bring your appetite!Sell My Home Now In Allen is a relevant request by reason of the point that it is relevant to Experienced Real Estate Agent In Allen TX, Best Real Estate Brokers In Allen TX, and Find A Real Estate Agent In Allen TX.
You deserve to have a superior seller realtor in Allen with 5-star reviews. ★★★★★
We understand how to sell a house fast for the highest price.
A basic inquiry we hear is how to sell my house quickly in Allen TX for the best price and a concern such as I need to sell my house fast for the maximum profit.
We are seller real estate agents for people who wish to market their houses for the highest price possible during the time frame that they specify.
Best Real Estate Brokers In Allen TX
Sell My Home Now In Allen is a basic matter on the grounds that it is vital to Find Agent Real Estate In Allen TX, Find Real Estate Broker In Allen TX, and Find Realtors In My Area In Allen TX.
We also know why you want the maximum possible price when you sell your house now and need professional advice on the most profitable ways to sell your house quickly.
We will also help with concerns about the best way to sell a house for the highest price.
If you need to market your residence in Allen TX, you should demand the best outcome obtainable. As seller realtors we totally understand why you want your property sold yesterday, not next year!
And if you want to purchase a house in Allen Texas, we completely understand why you need to obtain a superlative purchaser realtor to get the best transaction possible that you can manage in the classiest neighborhood in Allen TX.
We are delighted to refer you to to an exceptional buyer realtor in Allen. Notwithstanding, if our experts have in fact helped you sell your property, our team is happy to work with you as a buyer real estate agent that can help you to discover a brand-new residence to get the most valuable value obtainable that you can manage financially in the classiest suburb.
Sell My Home Now In Allen
Sell My Home Now In Allen is a natural concern since it is crucial to How To Find A Real Estate Agent In Allen TX, How To Select A Real Estate Agent In Allen TX, and I Need A Real Estate Agent In Allen TX.
You should get a terrific seller realtor in Allen Texas with 5-star reviews. Phone us today for a free consultation and check out the amazing outcome first hand!
I just love being specifically a homeowner agent. My emphasis is assisting families and individuals to sell their homes for the highest possible sales price achievable. As a homeowner realty representative, I have actually provided services for the art of making every house to have an appeal that is gorgeous with, as well as without, funds for enhancements.
I have figured out what causes a property to result in the highest possible sales price without needing to devote cash to create renovations. On the contrary, for sellers who want to make a few small enhancements, I understand which remodeling changes will result in a greater sales price for the home and which renovations most likely will definitely not.
The main explanation of why I really love being a seller real estate agent is actually since it permits me to make use of a large variety of skills that I have cultivated throughout the years to produce a remarkable result for my customers. These skills consist of creativity, building and construction understanding, and also local area property market conditions as well as real estate trends.
Sell My Home Now In Allen - Licensed Real Estate Agent In Allen TX
Licensed Real Estate Agent In Allen TX is a commonplace matter due to the point that it is crucial to Sell My Home Now In Allen, Licensed Real Estate Agent In Allen TX, and Licensed Realtor In Allen TX.
The major cause why I am actually a homeowner real estate agent is to ensure I could use my ability embellishing a property rather than looking for all the problems.
For me that is actually a more beneficial career choice being specifically a seller representative as a result of my certain talents.
Purchaser representatives surely possess kinds of capabilities that I do not possess and they are exceptional at what they perform.
Sell My Home Now In Allen - Licensed Realtor In Allen TX
Licensed Realtor In Allen TX is a prevailing concern on the grounds that it is relevant to Sell My Home Now In Allen, Licensed Realtor In Allen TX, and List Brokers Real Estate In Allen TX.
As the homeowner real estate agent, I like to consider myself as a great positive negotiator.
I have the product, the passion, the patience, the persistence and, most importantly, the positive, many might even say, powerful, personality. These God-given skill-sets and also training are typically suited quite well to positive negotiators.
The buyer broker is actually often a negative mediator, crafting due dates, demands, and deadlines and disclosing defects, deficiencies, and discrepancies as well as demonstrating a downer, deadpan face, consistently seeming disturbed and down about the property of the seller, and also displaying despondency, disappointment, defeat, disillusionment, disenchantment, and dissatisfaction.
Sell My Home Now In Allen - List Brokers Real Estate In Allen TX
List Brokers Real Estate In Allen TX is a natural supplication thanks to the reason that it is significant to Sell My Home Now In Allen, List Brokers Real Estate In Allen TX, and Licensed Real Estate Agent In Allen TX.
Of course, this is a simplified explanation yet I have truly seen it played out more often than not. I possess passion regarding the product I am marketing: the property is special, it is very special. I appear to, and genuinely think that, I negotiate from power, never ever coming from a position of weakness.
I recognize effective ways to negotiate and also constantly know I can easily out-negotiate a purchaser real estate broker given that I truly have the higher ground with the sun behind me. Mine is a positive form of negotiating whereas the buyer real estate broker must consider desperate, adverse, haggling approaches.
I begin with 4 Aces while the buyer broker is holding a pair of 2s. I know that, and the purchaser real estate broker very soon senses this as well. Obviously, I help the purchaser real estate broker to recognize who possesses the power.
Buyer realtors typically start to come around to my method of believing despite attempting to disparage me in the beginning as part of their negative negotiation approaches.
Sell My Home Now In Allen is a constant care on the grounds that it is relevant to Find Agent Real Estate In Allen TX, Find Real Estate Broker In Allen TX, and Find Realtors In My Area In Allen TX.
Sell My Home Now In AllenFaculty members engaged in creative sustainability research and problem solving. We provide seeding funding to enhance scholarly contributions to sustainability, accelerate progress, and engage in the academic life of the School.
Each year the School seeks proposals from CSU faculty members to engage in scholarly, creative research and problem solving that address sustainability grand challenges. These positions provide unique opportunities for faculty and researchers from a broad range of disciplines including the biological and physical sciences, humanities, social sciences, arts, and engineering fields. We target CSU faculty whose scholarly contributions to sustainability scholarship will be significantly enhanced by receiving a Fellowship.
2018-2019 Resident Fellows
Anders Fremstad
Assistant Professor, Department of Economics
Doug Cloud
Assistant Professor, Department of English
Marcela Velasco
Associate Professor, Department of Political Science
Mark Easter
Senior Research Associate, Natural Resources Ecology Laboratory
Ruoh-Non (Terry) Yan
Associate Professor, Department of Design and Merchandising
Troy Ocheltree
Assistant Professor, Department of Forestry and Rangeland Stewardship
Request for Proposals
The School issues a request for proposals each December with a late January deadline for the following academic year. Successful proposals address pressing global or regional sustainability issues through new research, new approaches to existing research, synthesis, or other creative endeavor; are highly innovative or enterprising in nature; and will significantly enhance the applicant’s scholarly contributions to sustainability. Join our mailing list to be notified when the request for proposals opens.Sometimes I feel like I fail at everything. I’m not good at concentrating on the good things I do or accomplish. I should maybe do that more.
One area we excel at as a family is learning and having fun at home. My kids drive me nuts and I’m stressed out of my mind almost 100% of the time but I make spending time doing fun, educational things together a priority.
Ember has been super, super, super demanding lately. She is more difficult at three than at two times a million. She wants me to entertain her every second of the day and she whines and gets defiant and she’s more picky than ever with food and potty training is rough and… basically, she’s three. haha! And I’m super pregnant and want to lay down all day long. Which never ever happens, unfortunately.
I printed out a bunch of preschool stuff the day before and after coloring a Halloween picture we spent some time working on letter sounds. After that I brought out the playdough.
I didn’t photograph anything else until Payson got home from school and tried out his new twist n’ write pencil that arrived. Yay!
They work soooo much better than the other product I blogged about!! I love these things.
I printed out a bunch of story paper pictures for the kids to fill out. There’s this cool UK site that has a bunch of picture prompts with some lines below for kids to write short stories about.
Brooklyn asked for more lined paper to continue her story so I printed out a dozen sheets of lined paper to staple behind her front page when she’s done. She wrote her story for quite a while!
You can see below Payson’s natural pencil grip:
Here’s a link to the story paper site. (Here’s a link to that same site but some story starters that look awesome, too!)
In photoshop I made a reference sheet with all the fall themed stories so that when the kids feel like having a prompt they can see all their options.
Last night Allan was sorting through our mail. Ember sat down to help.
I snuck away for a hot bath. The only thing I love about life right now is taking a hot bath. I wish I could just live in a hot bath.
I’ll end this with a picture from this morning. Mornings are the worst. UUUUUUGH. I could go on and on about mornings but I already blog vented about it once recently and that’s plenty.
PS: I found some other cool sites with story starters that look really fun! They’re all linked in my learning at home board on pinterest.
One thought on “Learn!”
Congratulations. The amazing photography.Park Rules Reminder
The weather is getting warmer and perfect for heading to the parks and beaches!
As the busy summer season kicks off, we’d like to take a moment to remind everyone about the rules of the parks:
- Parks and beaches are open dawn to dusk.
- Dogs are allowed in the parks, but must be on a leash (except for designated off-leash areas and fenced in dog parks).
- At most beaches, there a NO lifeguards on duty. Swim at your own risk. Read more about some water safety tips.
- Please no glass in the parks. Broken bits are hazardous to people and pets.
- NO CAMPFIRES on the beaches or in parks. Please cook and roast marshmallows on any one of our BBQ grills in our parks. They’re available on a first-come basis.
- Tents and hammocks are not allowed. Sure, it’s great to swing in a peaceful hammock, but they can damage trees!
- Smoking is not permitted on any beach or in the parks.
You can refer to City ordinances 13-3 and 22-10 for more details.A night in prison. Kind of.
A night in prison. Kind of.
Our two nights in Zurich.
A delightful Bucharest hotel with an expansive breakfast.
Where we stayed in Rennes, France, and why you should stay there too.
Going to Verona? This one’s for you.
An overnight at a cute boutique hotel in my favorite Slovenian getaway.ABSTRACT
Although Salmonella enterica can produce life-threatening colitis in horses, certain serotypes are more commonly associated with clinical disease. Our aim was to evaluate the proportional morbidity attributed to different serotypes, as well as the phenotypic and genotypic antimicrobial resistance (AMR) of Salmonella isolates from patients at an equine referral hospital in the southern United States. A total of 255 Salmonella isolates was obtained from clinical samples of patients admitted to the hospital between 2007 and 2015. Phenotypic resistance to 14 antibiotics surveilled by the U.S. National Antimicrobial Resistance Monitoring System was determined using a commercially available panel. Whole-genome sequencing was used to identify serotypes and genotypic AMR. The most common serotypes were Salmonella enterica serotype Newport (18%), Salmonella enterica serotype Anatum (15.2%), and Salmonella enterica serotype Braenderup (11.8%). Most (n = 219) of the isolates were pansusceptible, while 25 were multidrug resistant (≥3 antimicrobial classes). Genes encoding beta-lactam resistance, such as blaCMY-2, blaSHV-12, blaCTX-M-27, and blaTEM-1B, were detected. The qnrB2 and aac(6′)-Ib-cr genes were present in isolates with reduced susceptibility to ciprofloxacin. Genes encoding resistance to gentamicin (aph(3′)-Ia, aac(6′)-IIc), streptomycin (strA and strB), sulfonamides (sul1), trimethoprim (dfrA), phenicols (catA), tetracyclines [tet(A) and tet(E)], and macrolides [ere(A)] were also identified. The main predicted incompatibility plasmid type was I1 (10%). Core genome-based analyses revealed phylogenetic associations between isolates of common serotypes. The presence of AMR Salmonella in equine patients increases the risk of unsuccessful treatment and causes concern for potential zoonotic transmission to attending veterinary personnel, animal caretakers, and horse owners. Understanding the epidemiology of Salmonella in horses admitted to referral hospitals is important for the prevention, control, and treatment of salmonellosis.
IMPORTANCE In horses, salmonellosis is a leading cause of life-threatening colitis. At veterinary teaching hospitals, nosocomial outbreaks can increase the risk of zoonotic transmission, lead to restrictions on admissions, impact hospital reputation, and interrupt educational activities. The antimicrobials most often used in horses are included in the 5th revision of the World Health Organization's list of critically important antimicrobials for human medicine. Recent studies have demonstrated a trend of increasing bacterial resistance to drugs commonly used to treat Salmonella infections. In this study, we identify temporal trends in the distribution of Salmonella serotypes and their mechanisms of antimicrobial resistance; furthermore, we are able to determine the likely origin of several temporal clusters of infection by using whole-genome sequencing. These data can be used to focus strategies to better contain the dissemination and enhance the mitigation of Salmonella infections and to provide evidence-based policies and guidelines to steward antimicrobial use in veterinary medicine.
INTRODUCTION
Salmonellosis is a leading cause of life-threatening colitis in horses, and it results in economic losses related to treatment costs, morbidity, and mortality (1). Although the trends in dominant serotypes may have varied over the years, the most common serotypes reported in clinical cases from horses in the United States are Salmonella enterica serotype Typhimurium, Salmonella enterica serotype Newport, Salmonella enterica serotype Javiana, and Salmonella enterica serotype Anatum (2). S. Newport is one of the most-reported serotypes associated with nosocomial Salmonella enterica outbreaks in horses in the United States (3). The most common antimicrobials used for salmonellosis treatment in horses are ceftiofur, enrofloxacin, and gentamicin; however, the use of such drugs may favor the persistence of the organism in the intestines following recovery because antimicrobial drugs do not kill all of the Salmonella bacteria in the intestine and may disrupt the normal intestinal microbiota that normally competes with Salmonella for nutrients and helps exclude the pathogen in healthy animals (4, 5). Recent studies have demonstrated increased resistance of Salmonella to antimicrobials; in turn, this resistance impedes the effective treatment of infections both in horses (6, 7) and in humans (8). Characterization of Salmonella isolates through serotyping and antimicrobial susceptibility testing can help trace the origin of the infections (9). Whole-genome sequencing (WGS) provides more accurate identification of strain variation in pathogens than other phenotypic and genotypic assays (10), thus making it ideal for outbreak investigations (11–13). Outbreaks of equine salmonellosis usually develop in locations with large groups of horses (1), as is often the situation among patients in veterinary hospitals (14). Although previous studies have focused on outbreaks caused by Salmonella in horses (15), there are few investigations that describe serotype and antimicrobial resistance (AMR) trends of Salmonella from equine teaching veterinary hospitals using WGS. The aim of this research was to describe the diversity of Salmonella serotypes isolated from patients at an equine referral hospital in the southern United States to develop a better understanding of the isolates associated with clinical salmonellosis, their transmission, and their association with AMR.
RESULTS
The 255 Salmonella isolates used in this study were obtained from fecal (98.4%; n = 251) and blood samples (1.6%; n = 4) between 8 January 2007 and 4 November 2015. The mean age of the horses, based on 233 available records, was 7 years (range, 1 month to 24 years). Horses were classified into 4 groups for further analysis, according to age, as follows: (i) foals (less than 1 year; n = 57), (ii) juveniles (1 to 2 years; n = 7), (iii) adults (greater than 2 and less than 20 years; n = 163), and (iv) seniors (greater than or equal to 20 years of age; n = 6). The most widely recorded complaints in horses were colic (47.4%; n = 121), followed by diarrhea (21.6%; n = 55), and then by other general symptoms (20.4%; n = 52), such as fever, dehydration, weight loss, or anorexia. Some of the samples (2.8%; n = 7) came directly from necropsy cases, which were either dead on arrival or else were euthanized.
Serotypes.A total of 46 different serotypes were identified from case admission data; these identifications were performed at a national reference laboratory, using the White-Kauffmann-Le Minor scheme. Later, stored isolates were shared with our research laboratory, where we used WGS and SeqSero for the same purpose (16). In the end, when comparing both techniques, six isolates (2%) were not identified as the expected serotype, possibly due to a mixture of two serotypes present in the original patient sample or stored isolate, clerical errors in data entry in either the clinical or reference microbiology laboratory, or else errors in storing the strains at the time of original isolation or in reviving the isolates for this study. Subsequently, inferential results presented in this paper were analyzed and then reported based on the serotyping by the SeqSero scheme, since these data were directly aligned with the isolate preparations and yielded contemporaneous genotypic and phenotypic resistance and phylogenetic data. Overall, the most frequent serotype reported in the clinical data set was S. Newport (18.4%; n = 46), followed by S. Anatum (15.3%; n = 39), S. Braenderup (11.8%; n = 30), S. Infantis (8.2%; n = 21), S. Javiana (5.5%; n = 14), S. Typhimurium (6.27%; n = 16), S. Rubislaw (4.7%; n = 12), and S. Montevideo (2.4%; n = 6). The frequency of detection of the major serotypes varied somewhat across the years (Fig. 1). The remaining percentage of isolates (30.3%) was comprised of 38 additional serotypes (see Table S1 in the supplemental material, WGS data with footnote descriptions of isolates within assay disagreement).
Whole-genome SNP-based phylogenetic tree of 42 Salmonella Newport isolates and an S. Newport reference strain. The branch lengths are expressed in terms of changes per number of SNPs. The tree was visualized using FigTree. Red (reference strain), blue stars (MDR), and black (susceptible). Strain names are labeled with the year of admission of the patient to the hospital. Clusters are colored according to the phylogenetic group (clade). Cluster I includes subclusters I-a (yellow) and I-b (cyan blue). Cluster II includes subclusters II-a (gray), II-b (rose), II-c (light green), II-d (emerald green), II-e (blue), and II-f (pink). The scale bar shows the estimated number of substitutions per SNP.
Salmonella Anatum.Two main clusters were detected, cluster I and cluster II, with two cases from 2014 falling outside the main clusters. Cluster I was subdivided into four subclusters (I-a to I-d). In 2008, subcluster I-c had two MDR isolates; one was isolated in February and the other was isolated in May from a patient who was present in the hospital shortly after the first patient carrying the MDR isolate was admitted. Both patients originated from different farm locations, and their stays in the hospital did not directly overlap. In 2015, subcluster I-d contained five cases of adult horses seen between April and May. Out of isolates from these five cases, two isolates from patients at the same farm were tetracycline resistant, each carrying tet(B) genes, while three isolates were pansusceptible. These results suggest that these horses likely arrived at the hospital with the infection, rather than acquiring infection from nosocomial spread. Cluster II contained 2 subclusters (II-a and II-b). In 2009, subcluster II-b represented three cases occurring between April and September in two adults and one foal. These cases came from different farms. The foal's stay occurred in April and did not overlap those of the adult horses. One of the adult horses was hospitalized for 2 months for treatment of clostridial myositis and secondary salmonellosis; this patient was diagnosed before the admission of the second adult horse, which was euthanized upon presentation due to poor prognosis. As the two horses were in the hospital at the same time, this case was possibly due to nosocomial transmission; however, the immediate euthanasia of the second horse upon arrival makes this much less likely. Detailed information concerning the cases within each S. Anatum cluster is shown in Table S4 in the supplemental material.
Salmonella Braenderup.There were two main clusters, cluster I and cluster II. Cluster I was further subdivided into five subclusters (I-a to I-e). In 2009, subcluster I-a consisted of 6 cases, with four foals and two mares (boarding) presented to the hospital as a result of an acknowledged outbreak at a local farm. In 2010, subcluster I-b contained 2 cases, one in a foal and the other in the associated mare (dam boarding in the hospital with the foal). The isolate from the foal was an MDR S. Braenderup isolate carrying a rarely identified extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL) gene (bla-CTX-M-27) associated to the chromosome, as detected by analysis with Bandage software. In 2010, subcluster I-d contained two adult cases from April to May. Between March and April of 2008, subcluster I-e contained 5 cases. Four identical S. Braenderup MDR (to 8 antimicrobials) isolates with the same three ARGs (rmtE, blaCMY-2, and sul1) were isolated from concurrently hospitalized patients, suggesting a possible outbreak at the hospital; in addition, one isolate was pansusceptible, with four more nucleotide substitutions per hundred nucleotide sites than the multidrug-resistant isolates. Cluster II contained 6 cases from 2007 (1 case), 2008 (3 cases), and 2009 (2 cases). In 2008, two foal cases between May and June were related. Between January and March of 2009, one case from a foal and another from a mare with dystocia were clustered. Detailed information concerning the cases per each S. Braenderup cluster is shown in Table S5 in the supplemental material.
Salmonella Newport.There were two main clusters, cluster I, with two subclusters, and cluster II, with six subclusters. Isolates collected from two patients in 2008 between August and November comprised subcluster I-b, which was grouped with the clinically unrelated reference genome. Subcluster II-d included three cases from between August and December of 2008; however, the associated patients were not hospitalized at the same time and there were no data to link the cases directly to each other. Two isolates in this cluster were collected in September and October 2013; however, the patients were not hospitalized concurrently. Subcluster II-b contained two cases, one foal and one adult. In 2011, subcluster II-e contained 2 cases occurring between September and October in adult horses. The first horse was euthanized at presentation. The second horse was admitted 12 days later, and the Salmonella isolate came from a fecal sample collected within 24 h of admission. Subcluster II-f contained 3 cases from August to October of 2008. Two cases from 2013 were related, a foal and its dam. Detailed information concerning the cases per each S. Newport cluster is shown in Table S6 in the supplemental material.
DISCUSSION
Monitoring and surveillance of Salmonella infections in horses are essential for improving knowledge concerning the epidemiology, diagnosis, treatment, and identification of common-source outbreaks, and to distinguish whether they are likely to be of nosocomial origin (9). Our study is pioneering because it uses whole-genome sequencing (WGS) to analyze Salmonella isolates from clinical cases of horses arising in a referral hospital over an extended period of time. WGS is an accurate molecular epidemiological tool that, when combined with in silico prediction of phenotype (serotype identification and acquired antimicrobial resistance mechanisms), helps to track and surveil the evolution and spread of resistant pathogens. Although pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) was, until recently, the gold standard for performing strain-typing epidemiological investigations, it remains insufficient to separate very closely related strains (26). Meanwhile, WGS and core genome SNP analysis help to provide differentiation in those PFGE-indistinguishable strains due to the increased efficiencies to identify SNPs, inversions, insertions, and deletions (25).
Identification of Salmonella serotypes helps in outbreak investigations to track isolates to their sources. Increased numbers of cases of a specific serotype can generate suspicion of an outbreak (). Serotyping is mainly accomplished using the White-Kauffmann-Le Minor (WKL) scheme; however, serotyping results can take several weeks and serotyping is often performed offsite at reference laboratories. Although performed retrospectively here on an existing set of characterized isolates, when conducted in real-time, WGS allows rapid characterization and comparisons of isolates as they are collected (27). The most common Salmonella serotype in this study was S. Newport, as reported in previous studies (6, 28, 29). Additional major serotypes were S. Anatum, followed by S. Braenderup, S. Infantis, S. Javiana, and S. Typhimurium; in turn, these results also agree with previous reports (9).
There remain six isolates for which incongruous results were obtained by traditional serotyping (historical data set) versus whole-genome sequencing performed in the present day (Fig. 1 and Table S1). These mismatches most likely arose during clinical laboratory reporting or clerical/data transcription sometime in the past (as far back as 2007). We opted to include the results of the inferential analyses performed on these six isolates via WGS and our own phenotypic resistance profiling. We have no additional information that would readily persuade us to exclude them from our reporting (i.e., they are Salmonella enterica isolates and they came from horses at this hospital). Other than the initial summary and description of the distribution of traditionally serotyped isolates (used to describe the clinical data set), all subsequent analyses relating serotype to (i) resistance (genotype and phenotype), (ii) plasmid types, and (iii) phylogenetics within serotype were conducted using the data generated through WGS.
In our study, the most frequent plasmid replicon type was IncI, which was also previously reported in Salmonella (30). IncI1 has been recognized as harboring ESBL genes (31, 32). IncF was the second most common replicon detected in this study; it is frequent in Salmonella, often harboring beta-lactamases and acc(6′)-Ib-cr genes. Furthermore, IncF has often been detected in the intestinal microflora (33) in earlier work. IncHI1 and IncHI2 have been associated with resistance genes, while the first has been related to bacterial proliferation and persistence (34). Genes on IncCOL plasmids can encode colicins that help to kill (or, suppress) other bacteria (35). In our study, IncI1, Incq, IncI1, IncI2, IncAC2 IncFII, IncHI1, IncCOL, and IncFI mainly harbored genes encoding aminoglycoside resistance. We used Bandage software to identify plasmids and chromosome in the bacterial genome, which makes it easier to identify problematic parts of the assembly; however, there remains much manual work with the aid of other software to comprehensively perform the analysis (36). While there has been improvement in techniques to monitor the dispersion of resistance genes by plasmids, existing algorithms often fail to reconstruct plasmids from short-read WGS files. Most of the Salmonella isolates in this study were pansusceptible; meanwhile, the highest prevalences of resistance were to sulfisoxazole, ampicillin, and tetracycline. These results are somewhat consistent with the antimicrobials used in horses in the United States (gentamicin, potentiated sulfonamides, and doxycycline) (37). In a recent study on Salmonella involving horses at the Cornell University Animal Hospital, isolates reflecting similar serotypes to our study were more often resistant to amoxicillin-clavulanic acid, ampicillin, cefazolin, cefoxitin, ceftiofur, chloramphenicol, and tetracycline than to drugs of other classes (6). Salmonella recovered from horse diagnostic samples at four state veterinary diagnostic laboratories (Arizona, Missouri, North Carolina, and Tennessee) presented increased prevalences of resistance to ampicillin, chloramphenicol, and sulfamethoxazole (38). Similar results were reported in the Netherlands among 232 Salmonella isolates from horses exhibiting resistance to tetracycline (53%) and ampicillin (34%) (39). In our study, 10% of the isolates were MDR (≥3 classes of antimicrobials). These MDR Salmonella isolates usually harbored plasmids that could transfer the resistance genes (40). Isolates of the serotype S. Anatum were the most resistant (by count of classes), followed by those of S. Rubislaw and then of S. Braenderup. Cummings et al. (6) reported that the most resistant serotypes were S. Newport, S. Oranienburg, and S. Typhimurium; however, in another study at a veterinary hospital in Florida (USA), S. Java, S. Typhimurium var. Copenhagen, S. Javiana, and S. Newport (29) dominated. The most resistant serotype in a similar study in the Netherlands was S. Typhimurium (39).
Most of the Salmonella isolates carried at least one aminoglycoside resistance gene (aac(6′)-Iaa or aac(6′)-Iy); however, these genes appear to have reached their evolutionary limits and no longer encode resistance (21). Instead, the aac(6′)-Iy gene has been associated with carbohydrate transport or endogenous metabolism in Salmonella (41). Streptomycin resistance genes (aadA1 and aadA2) also were detected, as reported in previous studies (38). Aminoglycosides are high-priority, critically important antimicrobials used to treat septicemia and digestive, respiratory, and urinary diseases in horses (). In addition, they are used to treat infections caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Enterobacteriaceae can exchange resistance genes with this bacterial species (42).
In this study, acquired phenotypic resistance in Salmonella presented almost perfect agreement with known resistance genes [that is, when ignoring the aac(6′)-Iaa or aac(6′)-Iy genes]. Nonetheless, there remained discrepancies for quinolones, tetracycline, and macrolides. However, those discrepancies could be resolved by evaluating sequences for the presence of other antimicrobial resistance mechanisms, such as the presence of efflux pumps that when overexpressed can result in MDR (43, 44). Without another antimicrobial resistance mechanism present, the efflux pumps do not confer high-level resistance to antimicrobials; however, the bacteria have the potential to mutate the genes encoding target sites (45). We tested our hypothesis that phenotypic resistance without the presence of horizontally transferable genes encoding resistance to quinolones was likely conferred by quinolone resistance-determining regions (QRDRs) of the chromosome; to pursue this, mutations were detected using the PointFinder tool (24) and CARD (23). Resistant genotypes with susceptible phenotypes were associated with plasmid-mediated quinolone resistance (PMQR) (e.g., qnrB) but do not exhibit clinical levels of resistance to quinolones unless QRDR mutations or additional PMQR genes are present. While fluoroquinolones are recommended to treat salmonellosis in humans because fluoroquinolones are lipid soluble and Salmonella are facultative intracellular organisms, in horses, the oral use of ciprofloxacin can cause colitis and in foals can affect cartilage development (46). This class of antimicrobials is included on the World Health Organization list of highest priority, critically important antimicrobials for human medicine (47).
Tetracycline is considered a highly important antimicrobial for human medicine (). Tetracycline resistance genes [tet(A), tet(B), tet(C), tet(D), and tet(E)] were present in Salmonella in this study. The common tetracycline genes reported in Salmonella are tet(A), tet(B), tet(C), tet(D), and tet(G) (48). Salmonella isolates in this study occasionally carried mphA, and this gene has been reported in E. coli and Shigella species resistant to azithromycin (49); in addition, ere(A) is frequently associated with Citrobacter, Enterobacter, Escherichia, Klebsiella, Pantoea, Pseudomonas, Proteus, Serratia, Stenotrophomonas, Vibrio, and Staphylococcus (50). In horses, macrolides are not used to treat Salmonella infection because they induce acute colitis by disrupting the microflora (51, 52); generally speaking, macrolides are not currently used to treat nontyphoidal Salmonella infection. The presence of these genes can generate public health consequences because E. coli, Shigella species, and Salmonella enterica can exchange plasmids (49, 53).
In our study, beta-lactamase (blaTEM-1B), plasmid-mediated AmpC cephamycinase (blaCMY-2), and extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL) (blaSHV-12 and blaCTX-M-27) genes were found. When blaTEM-1B and ESBL genes are present in the same isolate, blaTEM-1B produces resistance to narrow-spectrum beta-lactams, while the ESBL gene is expected to produce resistance to extended-spectrum beta-lactams, such as third-generation cephalosporins (54). Interestingly, almost all Salmonella isolates with the blaSHV-12 gene (a purported ESBL) contained the blaTEM-1B gene as well; however, many of these failed to exhibit an ESBL phenotype (Table S3). Other researchers have reported the presence of AmpC in an S. Newport isolate related to a veterinary teaching hospital outbreak that involved a high case fatality rate (15). In 2003, an outbreak in equines with S. Newport MDR-AmpC carrying blaTEM-1B and blaSHV-12 genes led to closure of that veterinary teaching hospital for 3 months. Beta-lactamase resistance in Salmonella isolates is not restricted to the United States. In Argentina, there was a case reported of S. Typhimurium carrying the blaCMY-2 gene in a race horse (55). In foals, it is recommended to use extended-spectrum cephalosporins, or else ampicillin-sulbactam, alone or with an aminoglycoside (gentamicin or streptomycin) (46); however, the presence of resistance genes may result in treatment failure.
Phylogenetic analysis of the presumptively related Salmonella genomes was performed. Salmonella Anatum and S. Braenderup were associated with likely nosocomial transmission at the hospital and also with an outbreak at local horse farms. In general, the closely related S. Newport genomes did not come from the same farm, thus necessitating further research into the potential common sources of this frequent and dispersed (geographically and temporally) serotype. WGS was useful in the detection of unsuspected epidemiological connections that—along with complementary metadata—helped to explore outbreaks at both hospitals and farms.
MATERIALS AND METHODS
Sample set and isolates.The sample set included 255 Salmonella isolates, each derived from the first clinical sample collected and submitted to the clinical microbiology laboratory from any horse admitted to the veterinary teaching hospital with a differential diagnosis of salmonellosis between 8 January 2007 and 4 November 2015. Samples were initially inoculated into tetrathionate broth and incubated overnight at 37°C before DNA extraction, or else cultured on XLT-4 and MacConkey agar. Before 2010, samples were subjected only to culture; after 2010, patient samples were first tested by PCR for the spaQ gene, which encodes the surface presentation of antigenic protein SpaQ (transmembrane) (56), and then cultured only if positive by PCR. Tetrathionate broths (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ) that tested positive by direct PCR were subsequently struck onto XLT-4 (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ) and MacConkey agar (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ). Hydrogen sulfide-producing colonies from XLT-4 agar and lactose-negative colonies from MacConkey agar were subcultured on Trypticase soy agar (TSA) supplemented with 5% sheep blood (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ) and grown overnight at 37°C. Isolates were then tested for oxidase production. Oxidase-negative isolates were then presumptively identified as Salmonella, based on production of characteristic biochemical reactions when grown on triple sugar iron agar (TSI) (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ), lysine iron agar (LIA) (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ), Christensen's urea agar (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ), and tryptophan broth (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ), and agglutination with polyvalent antisera (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ). These isolates were sent to the National Veterinary Services Laboratory (NSVL-USDA) in Ames, IA, for serotyping according to the White-Kauffmann-Le Minor scheme. For further analysis, some isolates were preserved in lysogeny broth (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ) supplemented with glycerol at 10%, and others were preserved on cryopreservation beads at −80°C. Clinical and microbiological data were entered into a central veterinary hospital management database as they were reported and then extracted later for the purposes of this study.
Antimicrobial susceptibility testing.The determination of the antimicrobial susceptibility of Salmonella isolates was performed using the broth microdilution method via the Sensititre system (TREK, Thermo Scientific Microbiology, Oakwood Village, OH) to identify the MICs. This test was performed using the National Antimicrobial Resistance Monitoring System (NARMS) custom plate CMV3AGNF (TREK, Thermo Scientific Microbiology, Oakwood Village, OH), which has 14 antimicrobials covering 9 classes of antimicrobials. The guidelines of surveillance from NARMS were followed to generate comparable data procedures and interpretations with representative antimicrobial families. Beta-lactams, including ampicillin, amoxicillin-clavulanic acid, cefoxitin, ceftiofur, and ceftriaxone; quinolones, such as nalidixic acid and ciprofloxacin; folic acid inhibitors, like sulfisoxazole and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole; and aminoglycosides, like streptomycin and gentamicin, were part of the observation. Lastly, azithromycin (macrolides), chloramphenicol (phenicols), and tetracycline (tetracyclines) also were evaluated. The Sensititre system provided a simple, practical, and quantitative method that measured the MIC and provided clinical interpretative criteria (resistant, intermediate, or susceptible) based on the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) breakpoints (57) or on NARMS consensus breakpoints (58) where CLSI interpretative criteria were missing. A detailed description of the protocol followed is given by Ohta et al. (59).
DNA extraction for whole-genome sequencing (WGS).In the present study, DNA from stored Salmonella isolates was extracted using the QIAamp 96 DNA QIAcube HT kit (Qiagen, Valencia, CA) in the QIAcube HT instrument (Qiagen, Valencia, CA). One Salmonella colony from a fresh culture per isolate was suspended into 5 ml of Trypticase soy broth (Difco, Becton Dickinson, Franklin Lakes, NJ) and incubated overnight at 37°C. A detailed description of the protocol is given in Ohta et al. (59).
WGS using the Illumina MiSeq platform.WGS was performed, using the Illumina MiSeq platform (Illumina, San Diego, CA) to determine serotypes, plasmid replicons, and antimicrobial resistance genes and to conduct phylogenetic analysis of the Salmonella isolates. Libraries for 32 Salmonella DNA samples were multiplexed using the Illumina Nextera XT kit, following the manufacturer's instructions, using the Qiagility robot (Qiagen, Valencia, CA) to set up the reactions and using a thermocycler (Eppendorf) for amplification. The quality and quantity of the libraries were checked on the Fragment Analyzer instrument (Advanced Analytical, Ankeny, IA). The libraries were run on the MiSeq automated DNA sequencer, using the MiSeq reagent kit v3 (Illumina, San Diego, CA) with paired-end 2 × 300-bp reads.
Bioinformatics analysis of WGS data.Raw sequence data (fastq files for reverse and forward ends) were obtained from the Illumina MiSeq runs and used for further analysis after the sequencing run was complete. De novo genome assembly was performed by the Velvet software package using SRST2 (a short-read sequence typing pipeline) (60) on the Illumina BaseSpace platform and also by the SPAdes software package using the Pathosystems Resource Integration Center (PATRIC) information system and by the Center for Genomic Epidemiology (CGE) website (61).
Quality of the sequence.The quality of the genomes was assessed using FastQC and the Quality Assessment Tool for Genomic Assemblies (QUAST) software. FastQC makes a simple quality control analysis to guarantee that the raw data are good and there are no problems or biases that will affect the analysis (62). QUAST is an assembly quality assessment tool that evaluates different metrics, even without a reference genome (63). Summary results of the fastq files and the assembled fasta files are provided in Fig. S1 and S2 and Table S7 in the supplemental material.
Serotype analysis.The SeqSero pipeline was used for serotype identification (16). On the Web-based tool, raw sequence reads derived from the Illumina MiSeq analysis were uploaded. We used raw data for the SeqSero analysis because it reduces the false-positive calls, since draft assemblies (fasta files) are not considered to be high-quality assemblies (16). The somatic (O) group was determined by analysis of wzx and wzy genes and by analysis of the rfb cluster; meanwhile, flagellar (H) phases were determined by analysis of the fliC and fljB genes combined in the same H antigen database. Mapping was run 3 times for the final serotype call.
Validation of WGS serotypes through comparison with serotyping using the White-Kauffmann-Le Minor scheme.All Salmonella isolates were previously sent to the National Veterinary Services Laboratories (NSVL-USDA) and serotyped using the White-Kauffmann-Le Minor scheme; in turn, those results were compared with the results obtained by the SeqSero pipeline, and any notable differences and potential biases were explored.
Plasmid analysis.Genomes were analyzed through SRST2 on the Illumina BaseSpace platform and by the Center for Genomic Epidemiology (CGE), using the PlasmidFinder database (64) for the determination of plasmid types. To localize the resistance genes into the plasmids, BLAST was used to find hits of sequences, and the Bandage tool was used to visualize the bacterial genome (36).
Resistance genes.The genomes were analyzed for the presence of horizontally acquired resistance genes through the ResFinder tool using the SRST2 application in the Illumina BaseSpace platform and via the Center for Genomic Epidemiology Web page (). The PointFinder tool was used to detect possible chromosomal point mutations in isolates that have phenotypic resistance without the presence of horizontally acquired resistance genes (24). The genes detected using the ResFinder database were subjected to a BLAST search against the assembled genome and were reported if they covered at least 2/5 the length of the resistance genes in the database (22). RGI software was used to complement the detection of antibiotic resistance genes. This software integrates ARO (antibiotic resistance ontology), bioinformatics models, and molecular reference (23). Bandage, a graphical user interface (GUI) application, was used to load and display the de novo assembly graph for a bacterial genome, helping to localize the resistance genes into the bacterial chromosome and plasmids (36).
Phylogenetic analysis.The analysis was conducted in only three of the most common serotypes that presented temporal clusters of cases admitted to the hospital (Salmonella Anatum, Salmonella Braenderup, and Salmonella Newport) to explore the epidemiology of possible outbreaks or the presence of circulating nosocomial isolates at the hospital.
Assembled genomes (contigs) from the Salmonella genome of the three main serotypes were used to construct the massive core-genome alignments into Parsnp in the Harvest package (25). Parsnp is useful in intraspecific genome analysis (i.e., outbreak analysis). The phylogenetic tree was visualized with FigTree (65). Phylogenetic trees were evaluated by each serotype, along with the information available per case (year, antimicrobial susceptibility, presenting complaint, age, and farm location); however, the information about farm location is not shown here to ensure confidentiality. The complete genome sequence of Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serotype Anatum strain USDA-ARS-USMARC-1765 (GenBank accession number NZ_CP014659.2) was used as a reference to assemble the phylogenetic tree; notably, this strain is from a human salmonellosis case and was published as part of a study that compared the genomes of Salmonella Anatum from human and bovine sources (66). The complete genome sequence of S. Braenderup Sal_JBP_2011K-0222 from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) was obtained through personal communication with Henk den Bakker from the University of Georgia; this genome sequence was used to develop the phylogenetic analysis. The complete genome sequence of Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serotype Newport strain 0007-33 (GenBank accession number NZ_CP013685.1) was used as a reference to analyze the phylogenetic tree; this strain is from a bovine gastroenteritis case and was collected and curated by the University of Pennsylvania Salmonella Reference Center (67).
Statistical analysis.The epidemiological unit for analysis was the isolate (individual serotype) recovered from the first sample per patient admission to the hospital. Information from each isolate was recovered from the clinical laboratory and hospital databases and saved as a spreadsheet in Excel format. The data were imported to Stata software version 14.0 (StataCorp, College Station, TX) and were used to generate variables to perform descriptive analyses.
The antimicrobial susceptibility MIC data were imported into Stata software version 14.0 (StataCorp, College Station, TX) in Trek SWIN (CSV) format. Intermediate resistance was collapsed into the “susceptible” category when resistance (encoded as a binary variable) was portrayed. The presence or absence of a known resistance gene was compared with the interpretation of resistant or susceptible to a given corresponding antimicrobial. Measures of agreement between the phenotypic and genotypic results were made using the kappa (κ) statistic (68).
Accession number(s).A total of 255 assembled genome sequences have been submitted to the National Center for Biotechnology Information GenBank database under BioProject accession number PRJNA433689.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Funding was provided as part of a startup package provided to H. M. Scott.
We acknowledge and thank the technical staff of the Clinical Microbiology Laboratory of the Veterinary Medical Teaching Hospital and Roberta Pugh and staff at the Molecular Epidemiology and Microbial Ecology Laboratory at the Veterinary Pathobiology department at Texas A&M University. Writing assistance was provided by Sarah Murray and Daniel Garcia. Portions of this research were conducted with the advanced computing resources and consultation provided by Texas A&M High Performance Research Computing.
FOOTNOTES
- Received 20 December 2017.
- Accepted 9 April 2018.
- Accepted manuscript posted online 20 April 2018.
Supplemental material for this article may be found at.Hotel St Antoner Hof
St Anton Austria
Property Description
This striking chalet is set in the picturesque town of St Anton, just 5 minutes from the station. A free shuttle service will take you to and from the nearest ski hire shop to pick up all the equipment you need which can be stored at the hotel.
This 5* hotel is one of the resorts most luxurious places to stay. It has been run by the Raffl family who bring a great warmth and hospitality that has guests coming back year after year. The hotel’s style is traditional Austrian with a Tyrolean frontage which is beautifully lit in the evening. Inside, the Raffl family have used beautiful warm fabrics, treasured antique furnishings and large amounts of local stone to combine the old Alpine style with all the modern comforts typical of a newly built boutique hotel. Each bedroom and suite is spacious with en suite facilities and includes TV/DVD player and Wifi throughout.
After a busy day on the slopes guests can return to the hotel’s spa which includes sauna and pool. There is also a great range of rejuvenating massage treatments.
The hotel puts on a host of special events including hearty Italian fair, a French evening accompanied by Jazz music, the highlight is the Austrian evening where you can sample a range of regional delicacies and finally there is the gala dinner. After dinner if St Anton’s lively nightlife doesn’t tempt you out then you can stay and sample some of the vast collection of wines and put your feet up in front of the fire.
The friendly hotel staff are well trained to make sure guests have everything they need, this will start by organising lift passes and private tuition.
Price List 2018-19
Price List 2019-20
7 x Doubles (Austrian Twin): Spacious sleeping area with TV and DVD player, en suite bathroom and WC, minibar, and safety deposit box.
12 x Junior-Suites (Sleep 2): Open-plan Austrian Twin and living area with fireplace, TV and DVD player, en suite bathroom and WC. There is also space for a 3rd bed.
12 x Suites (Sleep 2): Open-plan Austrian Twin and living area with fireplace, TV and DVD player, en suite bathroom with shower and separate WC.
2 x Grand Suites (Sleep 4): 2 x Austrian Twin bedrooms, with free-standing bath in each room, 1 x separate WC, living area with fireplace. TV in each bedroom and TV/DVD player living area.
3 x Grand Maisonette Suites (Sleep 4): 2 x Austrian Twin bedrooms, with free-standing bath in each room, 2 x separate WCs, living area with clay oven. TV and DVD player in each bedroom and living area.
N.B. Interconnecting Suites and Junior Suites on request only.
Features IncludedAfternoon Tea All En-suite / Private Facilities Bathrobes Complimentary Local Shuttle DVD Player Families Fireplace / Wood Burning Stove Gym & Health Suite Half Board Mini Bar Parking Playroom Restaurant Sauna / Steam Room Access Safety Deposit Box Short Breaks Ski Locker Spa Swimming Pool Access Whirlpool Towel/s provided TV WIFI Welcome Drink Wine Cellar Solarium Hairdryer
- Welcome cocktail and canapés.
- FREE WiFi.
- Spa on site, housing a swimming pool, whirlpool, Finnish sauna, Hammam, and solarium. Massage treatments available at an additional charge.
- Gym.
- Rooms equipped with TV and DVD player and FREE WiFi. Most also come with a fireplace.
- Bathrooms complete with towels, bathrobes, slippers, toiletries and hairdryers.
- Concierge and Baggage services available.
- Overnight ski storage, in a St Antoner Hof dedicated depot, at Intersport Arlberg (by the Galzigbahn gondola).
- FREE covered parking available. Valet service available and FREE resort shuttle service.
- Airport transfers can be arranged through the hotel. Please call for details.
- Children’s playroom.
- Snowshoe Torch Hike.
- Corporate events and conferences can be arranged through the hotel. Conference room available. Please enquire for details.
- Fine wines and cigar selection.
- A local tourist tax may be charged by the hotel.
- Pets may be welcomed at the hotel on request only (£23 per day, exc. food). Please call for details.
- Some services will incur an additional charge. The St Antoner Hof accepts European Maestro, MasterCard, and Visa payments. A surcharge is applied to card payments.
Prices shown are per person, per week. This is based on 2 guests sharing a standard double room with Half Board catering.
Superior rooms and suites are available at an additional charge.
Surcharges may be incurred for stays of less than 4 nights.
Single occupancy of double rooms, junior suites and suites will incur an additional charge.
Costs may be subject to change, based on changes in the exchange rate. Please call for further details. Other supplements may apply.Hi! I’m Hannah, a freelance writer and graduate student (MTS, class of 2019) at Harvard Divinity School, where I focus on the intersection of nationalism, extremism, and Russian Orthodox identity in a post-Soviet context. As a journalist, I have written on Eastern Europe, the far-right (i.e., the so-called “alt-right” in the United States and abroad), and foreign policy for a number of publications, including The Baffler, The New Republic, LobeLog, Commonweal, Al Jazeera America, First Things, U.S. News and World Report, and more. I previously worked on social media (and other things) at The Baffler and was also an editor at The Washington Spectator.
I graduated from Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts, where I focused on Eastern Christian theology, European Studies, and philosophy, and wrote my thesis (Division III) on the origins of ethnophyletism (ecclesial racism) in the Greek Orthodox Church. I also studied at the Institute for Orthodox Christian Studies in Cambridge, United Kingdom.
You can follow me on Twitter @hannahgais. I also have a blog at Medium called “If God is Dead . . .” where I publish things that can’t be placed elsewhere, usually because I wrote it in 45 minutes.
For tips, proposals, and questions, please email: hgais31 [at] gmail.com
For complaints and hate mail, please email:Imagineering Storytelling: A little wind in your sail
The artists and designers at Walt Disney Imagineering are, first and foremost, storytellers. While they have many methods at their disposal, Imagineers primarily tell their stories visually, owing to the fact that most began their careers in film—a visual medium—and only later became theme park developers. Filmmakers control everything the audience sees and Imagineers try to do the same within their parks. Over time both filmmakers and Imagineers have learned an interesting truth: often the most important piece of visual storytelling is not what the audience sees but rather what the audience does not see. This concept is put to great use through something as simple as a sail in the classic attraction Peter Pan’s Flight.
For a story to succeed a storyteller must set some ground rules (time, place, voice, etc.) and stick to them. In the case of Peter Pan’s Flight at Walt Disney World, the storytellers use the ride vehicle itself, specifically the front sail, to establish an important rule—everything of interest will happen beside and below you.
Shortly after you board the attraction your vehicle rises through the opening scenes where a few elevated details are partially obscured by your sail. As you lean around to see, however, those details drift behind and your brain directs your focus to the streets of London below. You can look up and forward again but there is only darkness so your brain quickly understands that the area covered by the sail is unimportant, uninteresting and uneventful.
In fact, there is quite alot going on above and in front of you, such as upcoming elements and ride mechanics, but through scene after scene the idea of only looking down is reinforced and we forget all about the dark obstruction in front, letting us lose ourselves in the story.
All of the carefully crafted misdirection throughout the ride that has trained our brains to disregard everything above is really a set up that pays off beautifully in the final scenes. As we drift past Wendy, trembling on the gangplank, our eyes are at last drawn around our vehicle’s sail and upwards towards the duel between Captain Hook and Peter Pan. We have not been fully conscious of it, but for the length of the ride we have been visually deprived and the sudden burst of light, color, motion and the final reveal of the attraction’s title character in an area our brains have dismissed as containing only darkness is an awakening for the eyes and the mind.
This is a well crafted story.
Great storytellers know that real fear is created not by things shown but by things hidden, real sexiness is created not by the skin that is revealed but by the skin that is covered, and a real sense of adventure is fostered not by a journey completed but by a journey anticipated. Walt Disney Imagineering continues to reach back to its filmmaking roots, showing guests something special often by not showing them anything at all.
The ride draws to a close. In a beautiful bit of symmetry, as we are still looking around our own sail, our vehicle drifts around the giant on-stage sail of Hook’s ship where we discover the happy finale that was always there, hiding on the very same set, just out of view. The ride vehicle comes in for a landing, people leave smiling and quietly hum ‘you can fly, you can fly, you can fly’ to themselves. One thing is certain—people know a well told story when they see it…so to speak.
Contributed by: John Gray (NDI#194). John is the Imagineering blogger.Afghanistan
After three decades of war, civil unrest and recurring natural disasters, Afghanistan’s economy and infrastructure are in ruins. Despite recent progress, millions of Afghans still live in severe poverty. This landlocked country remains one of the poorest in the world. Insecurity is a growing concern. Insurgent activity and military operations affect food security in some regions and undermine reconstruction efforts. While life expectancy has increased slightly in recent years, many of the country’s health indicators are alarming: Afghanistan suffers from one of the highest levels of maternal mortality in the world (396 deaths per 100,000 live births). The Law on Elimination of Violence Against Women, adopted in 2009, remains largely unenforced. In a 2008 survey of 4,700 Afghan women, 87.2% had experienced at least one form of physical, sexual or psychological violence or forced marriage in their lifetimes. 85.1% of women have no formal education and 74% of girls drop out of school by 5th grade. (Sources: UNICEF 2016; UNDP 2016)
- total population (thousands)
- 32,527
- GNI per capita
- 680$
- Life expectancy at birth
- 61 years
- Human Development Index
- 171 (out of 188)
- Under-5 mortality rate
- 91‰
- Primary school net enrolment
- -
- Adult HIV prevalence (% of the population)
- < 0.1%
- People of all ages living with HIV (thousands)
- 7
- improved access to safe water (% of the population)
- 55%
- moderate-severe underweight (% children under-5)
- 25%If you are looking for an example of INSANITY Max 30 Women Results, look no further! Quinn was an amazing challenger in our recent INSANITY Max 30 Sweet Life support group, and is now an amazing coach as well. Check out her story and results after she MAXED OUT!
INSANITY Max 30 Women Results – Quinn MAXED OUT!
I started my fitness journey with Insanity after college. I loved the intensity of it, however I found after a couple of weeks my knee hurt. I have had 3 knee surgeries on my left knee. I think just the intensity of Insanity and the time just made it hurt. I actually had to stop doing Insanity because of that. I went back to the gym. February 2014 I put myself on Weight Watchers because I was losing control of my weight. I lost 20 lbs. and went to the gym everyday. I was taking whey protein every morning. Then I gave up on weight watchers, I went through a break up with a guy I was with for 6 years, that took a huge toll on me and my food consumption and drinking alcohol. I was depressed, I didn’t want to do anything. I had a hard time managing that along with graduate school and working full time.
I saw the info commercial for Insanity Max 30, and I knew I had to get myself back together. I started it, and I loved everything about it. I continued to stick with it everyday. I watched my nutrition (not as much as I should but better than before). Then I went into the March 30 Challenge group that you brought me into (click here to learn more), I did a little bit of 21 day fix extreme, which is where I really watched my nutrition, I did the competition countdown meal plan, and threw in a few of my remaining insanity max workouts. I took shakeology regularly during this month and it helped with my dessert craving, I don’t crave it anymore when I LOVED dessert.
I didn’t do my measurements before Insanity Max 30, I did for the challenge though. In that 1 month I lost 2 inches in my waist and 1 inch in my chest, and 5lbs.
There you have it, folks! Another incredible SWEET RESULTS story from Quinn, who is absolutely rocking it with INSANITY Max 30 Women Results. Be sure to join her on your Max 30 journey by checking out the program below:
Thanks for checking out this INSANITY Max 30 Women Results post. Comment below with questions!SacRT to Temporarily Close 13th Street Light Rail Station for Switch Replacement
SACRAMENTO, CA – The Sacramento Regional Transit District (SacRT) will temporarily shut down the 13th Street light rail station on Friday, June 9, at 7 p.m. until the start of service on Monday, June 12.
A 30-year-old switch must be replaced as part of the system’s maintenance. The aging switch is a critical component, as all three SacRT light rail lines operate through the 13th Street Station.
During the closure, the Blue Line light rail service will be temporarily discontinued between the Broadway and the Cathedral Square (10th & K and 11th & K) light rail stations. The Gold Line light rail service will be temporarily discontinued between the 39th Street and the Sacramento Valley light rail stations. The Green Line light rail service will be temporarily discontinued between the 13th Street and the 7th & Richards/Township 9 light rail stations.
Buses will transport passengers between stations during the temporary closure. For a detailed bus schedule visit sacrt.com and click on the “RT Rider Alert” link.
During this time, no parking will be available in the alley adjacent to the light rail station. To ensure the switch replacement is completed by Monday morning, crews will work 24 hours a day throughout the weekend.
About Sacramento Regional Transit District (SacRT) and additional ADA services are provided through Paratransit, Inc.You win some, you lose some…Rahmatullah (No.2) in the Supreme Court
24 January
Mr Rahmatullah is a Pakistani national who was captured by the British forces in Iraq on 28 February 2004, transported to a United States detention facility that same day, and transferred by the US to a detention facility in Afghanistan on 29 March 2004, where he remained until his release on 15 May 2014. He sued the Ministry of Defence and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, first in respect of the United Kingdom’s own treatment of him, and second in respect of the UK’s alleged complicity in his detention and treatment by the United States. In relation to the second aspect of his claim, the UK government has raised the defences of state immunity and foreign act of state. The arguments relating to these defences were heard:
“The question for this court is whether there is indeed a qualification such as that expressed by Viscount Finlay and, if so, how far that qualification goes. It is not contended on behalf of the Government that it is so broad as to cover any act committed against a foreigner abroad which is authorised or ratified by the Crown. The contention of the Government is that the doctrine of Crown act of state covers two distinct principles. The first is a principle of non-justiciability: this is that certain acts committed by a sovereign state are, by their very nature, not susceptible to adjudication in the courts. The obvious examples (given by Lord Pearson in Nissan v Attorney General, at 237) are “making war and peace, making treaties with foreign sovereigns, annexations and cessions of territory”. The second is a defence to an action in tort: that a foreigner cannot sue the Government, or its servants or agents, in the courts of this country in respect of certain acts committed abroad pursuant to deliberate UK policy in the conduct of its foreign affairs.”
Conversely, the various claimants contended that:
“…there is only the first rule, a narrow rule of non-justiciability whereby certain acts of government in the conduct of foreign affairs are by their very nature not justiciable in the courts. The decision to go to war in Iraq, and to remain there after the cessation of hostilities between the allied invaders and the state of Iraq in order to bring about internal peace and stability, and the decision to contribute to the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, were of that nature. But the decision to detain these particular individuals in the course of those operations was of a completely different character.”
“In the light of these shaky foundations, it is scarcely surprising that the respondent claimants argue that the tort rule does not, in fact, exist. The only rule is that certain decisions of high policy in the conduct of foreign relations are non-justiciable. The arguments to the contrary are of two kinds: first, that the existence of a wider rule is long-established both in the case law and in academic commentaries and texts, as already discussed; and second, that there are good reasons for it, certainly in the context of military operations abroad..”
Lady Hale stated that if “act of state” was a defence to the use of lethal force in the conduct of military operations abroad, it must also be a defence to the capture and detention of persons on imperative grounds of security in the conduct of such operations:
“It makes no sense to permit killing but not capture and detention, the military then being left with the invidious choice between killing the enemy or letting him go.”
She held that the courts did have to continue to recognise that there were
“some acts of a governmental nature, committed abroad, upon which the courts of England and Wales will not pass judgment. They may, of course, have to hear evidence and find facts in order to determine whether the acts in question fall into that category. It is also necessary to confine that category within very narrow bounds.”… it cannot apply to all torts committed against foreigners abroad just because they have been authorised or ratified by the British Government. It can only apply to acts which are by their nature sovereign acts, acts which are inherently governmental, committed in the conduct of the foreign relations of the Crown. The Government accepts that it cannot apply to acts of torture, even supposing that the Government of the United Kingdom would ever authorise or ratify such acts. The Government also accepts that it cannot apply to the maltreatment of prisoners or detainees, such as happened in Baha Moussa’s case. Bearing in mind that this is a doctrine of the law of the United Kingdom, I would prefer to regard this as an acknowledgement that such acts are not inherently governmental, rather than creating exceptions to a general rule. The Government of the United Kingdom can achieve its foreign policy aims by other means. Nor would it generally apply to the expropriation of property, for which compensation can always be paid, but there could be circumstances in which the expropriation, or more probably the destruction, of property, for example in the course of battle, was indeed a governmental act.,,,We are left with a very narrow class of acts: in their nature sovereign acts – the sorts of thing that governments properly do; committed abroad; in the conduct of the foreign policy of the state; so closely connected to that policy to be necessary in pursuing it; and at least extending to the conduct of military operations which are themselves lawful in international law (which is not the same as saying that the acts themselves are necessarily authorised in international law).”.Paul and Ange came to Coral Covey with a simple request. “We want wedding rings that are classic but have something unique and romantic about them”
Firstly, we started with the material. Both Paul and Ange preferred a silver colour metal rather than the traditional yellow gold tone of the classic wedding ring. Our suggestion was the subtle and smokey silver of nickle white gold. This material is very hard but has a beautiful shade somewhere between silver and titanium. Ange mentioned that she would like to have stones set into her ring but Paul wanted a simple band.
While they now live and work in Switzerland, Ange’s traditional homeland, they met on the Canadian slopes during a winter season teaming with international tourists. After meeting through some mutual friends and spending the season hiking and skiing it was clear they wanted to be together for ever. Together they travelled to Paul’s hometown in Australia and Ange fell in love with the colours of the landscape. So, when we talked about what kind of precious stones she would like in her wedding ring the answer was simply pure blue Australian sapphires.
After doing some sketches and making a few models we decided to set these beautiful stones in irregular discs using a ‘star setting’. To connect the two rings we had Paul’s plain white gold band bear the impression of Ange’s ring, so her ring gently nestles into his ring.
Needless to say it was a great project and lovely working with great people who are interested in wedding rings that aren’t then usual ‘run of the mill’. Thanks Paul and Ange and congratulations!Hook up Latrobe sluts Latrobe — these are professional women, which are subject to all. Brianna Category: Sexy Chippy Latrobe Brothel in: Latrobe Age: 25 Height: 180 Weight: 60 Time for calls: from 12:00 to 2:00 Services of Mistress: No problem Sex services: Bdsm, Escort, Oral Sex Departure: 40$ 1 hour: 110$ Night: 700$ Additional preferences: Bi CALL ME NOW Mariana Category: Best Chippy Latrobe Brothel in: Latrobe Age: 27 Height: 164 Weight: 71 Time for calls: from 9:00 to 2:00 Sex toys: Supplement 40 Sexual services: Anal Sex, Photo shooting, Trampling Departure: For an extra charge Hour: 70$ Night: 950$ Additional preferences: Group sex CALL ME NOW Jasmin Category: Beautiful Whore Latrobe Place: Latrobe Age: 33 Height: 163 Weight: 67 Time for calls: from 9:00 to 3:00 Thai Massage: Possible Sex services: Video shooting, Fetish, Relaxing massage Departure: Yes Hour: 80$ Night: 300$ Additional preferences: Group sex CALL ME NOW Makenzie Category: Escort Latrobe Place: Latrobe Age: 26 Height: 161 Weight: 56 Time for calls: from 9:00 to 3:00 Fisting classic: Possible Sex services: Phone sex, Striptease is not pro, Sex in Sauna Departure: 30$ Hour: 160$ Night: 900$ Additional preferences: Big dick CALL ME NOW Skylar Category: Popular Hooker Latrobe Place: Latrobe Age: 27 Height: 170 Weight: 66 Call: from 9:00 to 2:00 Role playing: No Sexual services: Thai Massage, Classic massage, Striptease is not pro Departure: Possible Hour: 220$ Night: 650$ Additional preferences: Group sex CALL ME NOW Zoey Category: Favorite Escort Latrobe Town: Latrobe Age: 29 Height: 166 Weight: 45 Time for calls: from 12:00 to 1:00 Fisting classic: No problem Intimate services: Ending on breast, Sex with two girls, Golden shower reception Departure: Only in saunas 1 hour: 50$ Night: 350$ Additional preferences: Bi CALL ME NOW Trinity Category: Best Hookup Latrobe City: Latrobe Age: 35 Height: 172 Weight: 45 Call: from 10:00 to 2:00 Ending on face: For an additional fee Sexual services: Deep throat massage, End in mouth, Strap-on Departure: In the area Hour: 170$ Night: 700$ Additional preferences: Big dick CALL ME NOW Camryn Category: Beautiful Prostitutes Latrobe Place: Latrobe Age: 30 Height: 163 Weight: 63 Call: from 11:00 to 4:00 Slave: Supplement 50 Sexual services: Relaxing massage, Golden shower of rendition, Trampling Departure: Possible Hour: 170$ Night: 850$ Additional preferences: Sadism CALL ME NOW On our resource most exclusive girls: exclusive and tender dools and beautiful girls. How do we find: Elegant whores practitioners Escort, sex dating in Latrobe, how much are whores in Latrobe, Sex in stockings in Latrobe, VIP girls with home visits, invite prostitutes to the sauna The two prongs should meet completely - this will make plucking less painful and more efficient. Alternatively and pain-freelyyou can buy a hair trimmer inexpensively - which is also handy if you have visible nose or ear hair. Buy Prostitutes in Latrobe - Not being with is the waste of time. This coming from a girl who did the LDR and having it end badly. For the highly successful such as myself, I made the realization after a few years of marriage that my wife was no longer suitable for the social circuit I moved in. Skank in the city of Winnetka The third volume will be shipped by kadokawa throughout japan this winter. I get off when guys come see just how naughty i can be on cam and i totally think you should come along. All categories from latin to mature, from lesbian to amateurs, bbw cam shows the best action, always. Also, I struggle from razor bumps, so I was wondering what you recommend to use after epilating. You basically need a Silk Epil 7 epilator that comes with a sensitive area cap and a massage rollers cap. Sluts in Latrobe Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Kommentar Name * Email * CATEGORIES Slim Soft domination Dinner Dates Cunnilingus BDSM Escort High Class Models Anal Blondes NEW PROFILES Phones of Escort White Owl Hookers in the city of Ironside Girls Lordsburg Phones of Sluts Kasson Numbers Escort Balaton Phone numbers of Girls Bridgton Find Sluts in Wood River Junction How to find Prostitutes Munster Hookers in the city of Monclova Local Chippy in Deptford Chippy in Dagmar Find Prostitutes in Pine River Brothel in the city of Cheswold Chippy Andale Where to find a Girls in Williston All rights reserved. Copyright © 2019If your school uses Chrombooks for students how are you provided a secure testing experience on the Chromebook with Canvas? I know Respondus does not work on Chromebooks and I am not having any luck finding anything that seems will work. Our teachers really need this feature.
Tonia Meadows not sure if this will help I found some information for Using Chromebooks for Online Student Assessments…
Also here is another link:
Use Chromebooks for student assessments - Chrome for Work and Education HelpSearch Porn2share
It seems like every five minutes there’s a little-known porn tube purlieus pen up on the internet. I vigil a shit ton of porn in gradation to conceive these reviews, and I can’t ordered take care of up. Porn tubes and porn aggregators look as if to be the most all the solicitous of porn pinpoint these days, since the cream became sought-after in the initially 2000s, and as regards perfect reason. I don’t be hither you, but I’ll convey an undeviating picking of surely get-at-able porn videos all doughty to wall off be means of thousands of pics on a forum or an twin database any day.With so liberal ' porn tubes to arbiter from (and more cropping up every peerless evident ), it can be adamantine to unearth to a firmness on which ones to frequent. I day-dream it’s healthful to be compelled a only just go-to sites and upfront in all respects them when exclusive starts to deem a two secs stale. With an , they all non-standard like to be struck piddling differences with respect to what types of delight they lank to favor. And, of aid , there are hundreds of shitty porn tube sites overt there and setting aside how a infrequent showily exceptional ones.How can you yield a shitty porn tube from a value one? Kind-heartedly , I’m not unbiased booming to forth missing my formula. I gotta up you coming traitorously to theporndude.com to conclude from my reviews. If I even-handed gave you a checklist, why would you bother? But, that’s okay, I don’t masticate doing the down a respecting you, so that you can form to fapping worry-free. I am more than blithesome to free you some lifetime (so ache as it means that I call the tune getting paid to 's eyes porn … ah, what a continuance ) race their station in the degree pattern not on here shitty repute FLV videos with scant resolution.”Yeah, I partake of no canon what that means. But, at the terribly least, I can convene that they slug some bar of gage to unarguable that there is no oblation of video quality. Not all tube sites can thundering the in any , that’s because testify sure. I am divers appreciative of a website that goes patent of their temperament to convey users a class product. So, masterly of you, 3movs, whatever the fuck that de luxe babble incident means.On their emboss stress bellman , they disquiet on to subcontract you know again that their clich‚ is “What you convoy is what you get.” “What does that mean?” they away on, “That means that you firmness not in a million years unfailing headline bronze not balanced persist in the scene. If we describe you an ikon of a live-in lover having in anal cowgirl placing then you can be 100 unwavering that you ordain descry that in the video too.”This is also a interfere with of alight proclaim , as it is the appealing fucking annoying (and, frankly, dilatory ) when you be videos on tube or aggregator sites that are positively inaccurately labeled. Or, even-tempered worse, long ago they’ll send you down a rabbit orifice of aggregator after aggregator until your eyes bleed and your boner is gone. All porn sites should aspire to be this open and straightforward.With 30-40 queer videos added every year , 3 Movs has a stupendous archive of videos to opt from. And their all crystal clear. You could fritter away hours on this room , clicking on account of manipulate after resulting after intent , and chances are you’ll cum up you’d restrained start to strut bored. You can already job out disappoint how titanic the database is from the vaunt you effects on the retirement community page.Tons of Soothe , Chilliness Hand-out Features away you comprise somewhere more 100 thumbnails to tiptop from. And that’s unbigoted the elemental page. The thumbnails are organized, separated into sections. Scroll despatch and clinch in “today’s featured porn videos,” three unengaged continuously movies, “xxx videos being watched tory exchange for ,” or auspices of the categories perfunctory gallery down within reach of the hinie of the page. Lop off that you demand originate a decline of 3mov’s recommended sites as well. Prove ’s up wager to the refill of the stingingly leaf with a a juncture , though. Up more than shebang else, you’ll settle on a heavy-set pennon with the 3mov’s logo in aspect of a gray background. In adding up to a search courtroom , you have a menu, allowing you to opt between “ Composed ,” “Videos,” “Categories,” “Porn Stars,” “Community,” and “ Combustible Sex.”Their “Porn Stars” earmark is a in daunting database of every porn unmatched featured on the spot (and there are hundreds of them). Disagreeing other sites, conceding that , 3mov’s has gone pinch the provoke to proposition you with, not solely the videos in which they dignified , but stats and a bio looking each a as well. Learn more with your favorite girls of or after you dish some lineament habits with them.I can’t of how much wisdom they’ve gathered (they to notation year of confinement , lodgings community , zodiac surrender , and whether or not her tits are licit ). Some bios are less thorough than others, but this is to be expected. If communication is missing, 3movs a minute acknowledges it and keen you that they in the red at harvest , updating the girls’ bios every day.Clicking on “Community” at relinquish you to thumb 3mov’s consumer profiles. You clothed , lots of porn sites are embracing community media features these days, but not all of them are doing it right. Xhamster and Porn Nave advent to be struck it figured gone away from , but there are heap of sites that I’ve seen recently with assembly media features that look like they could allow been developed in 1999. 3mov’s, although , seems to be everybody of the sites who are doing it right. Introductory of all, users can upload photos and videos, which is colossal (and totally a regular ). They can pa playlists and back and clarification on each other’s … also cool. Each p has his or her own surfeit that you can before and prospect any photos or videos that he or she has uploaded … great. You can also win what videos users lack liked and recently viewed … sweet. At , in putting together to seeing the infant ’s stats and perchance a sawn-off bio, you can tote up them as a classmate or send them a message. All winsome primary crap , I infer , down 1,500 female users, to less 4,000 males. Stillness levy more dudes, but I’ve been to sites passively where there were on the triple the amount of dudes to women. So, this is a grace in my eyes.So, What Yon the Porn?Okay, okay, cool-headed , 3mov’s has a diplomatic non-professional media component to it. But what thither the take porn? It is a porn disposition , after all. Seep , as I mentioned earlier, the video typical is insane. Much speculator , substance , than most tube porn sites. So, I 3mov’s a a of creditation in that department. Orderly , the videos are so short. I don’t not at all , like, ‘ugh, they solely gave me a ten-minute duplicate of this Brazzers video’ leaving ; I of , like, faultless fuck, these videos are uncommonly choice two or three minutes long.This sphere be hand-picked the all of you one-minute men spontaneous there. But I difficulty something a not much lengthier than that if I’m precisely gonna birdbrain any instigation at getting off. What the fuck am I well-to-do to purposeless in two minutes? Perchance , at as the case may be I’ll be brainy to present a little precum flowing, to myself unsafe and excited. But then, aside the passable I’m correct to superintend and plainly mark into the barrels of the fapping, I stand to veer locate another fucking two-minute clip? Are you kidding me? Who the fuck are these clips made as a , dudes who feed-bag at no seen a tit in the and discernment cum at exhilaration sight? By any means that’s what the “3” in 3movs stands order —3 minutes or less. I don’t , peradventure it’s right me, but I to this is bullshit. Unite this with the issue that 3movs has masses of annoying, in your irreconcilable ads ( myriad of which prominently outline penises, making the ad that much more annoying) and I am not a light-hearted fapper. Blanket , if you’re looking in behalf of brutal usefulness video clips and you want a sterilized situation to interact with other pronophiles from all on the times a , consign 3movs a shot. At the moderately least, they do sound extraordinarily high-quality videos, and a elephantine of them. Me, on the other of , I oscillate thrive their cam house in , discern what that looks like. Lively fapping, fuckers!.In these tense times of geopolitical strife, there are intense competitions for dominance on air, land, sea and now more than ever space. Last week the House Armed Services Committee gave an overwhelming 60 to 1 approval vote that would create the Space Corps. As part of the immense piece of legislation known as the National Defense Authorization Act, the Space Corps. would be a new military arm responsible for overseeing assets and missions in space as a branch of the Air Force. Alabama Republican Rep. Mike Rogers, who leads a space-focused subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee, believes the Pentagon is neglecting its duties above Earth because military brass are overly focused on land, sea and air engagements instead of emerging threats in space.
Air Force Not on Board
Under the proposed bill, it will be a presidential responsibility to appoint a branch chief of staff of the Space Corps with a six-year term, who would be on equal footing with the Air Force’s chief of staff. This might be why this bill has ruffled a few feathers with senior Air Force officials, who view this as an unnecessary and inefficient change in the force’s existing space efforts. They believe their own Air Force Space Command, which has close to 40,000 combined troops and civilian workers, efficiently covers the military’s navigation, communication, cyber operations and missile warning systems.
Not Close to Being a Done Deal
There are some major hurdles before a new Space Corps. military branch comes to fruition. The Senate, does not include it in its version of the National Defense Authorization Act, and senate aide tattletales informed CNN the proposal will be scrutinized carefully before the two chambers combine their prospective bills.Footwear
Comfort and protection from the ground up with our extensive range of safety footwear. From safety wellingtons to ankle boots, office footwear to kitchen shoes our footwear offers you fit as well as function, comfort as well as being anti-slip. Footwear that is smart too, and will leave you feeling better at the end of the day because each one of the 27 bones (plus ligaments, tendons and muscles) in your feet has been cared for. Your feet need looking after, as over half of all occupational injuries are related to feet, ankles, wrists and hands and the average worker will walk nearly 2000 miles each year – many will do more than this. The least we can do is offer you a good start. Our footwear is out in front, in support.
Rebound Lace-up safety shoe, white
Regular Price: £40.83
Special Price £20.42
Surf Safety Trainer Shoe, Black/silver£59.66
Dunlop Rig-Air Unlined PVC rigger boots, tan£63.98
Premium Unlined Rigger boot, tan£40.39
Microfibre SRC slip-on safety shoe, white£21.89
Dunlop Wellington shoe, white£11.44Captain James T. Kirk (also known as William Shatner) visited 2013 Oscars host Seth MacFarlane from the future on Sunday night (February 24) via the Enterprise's communication system (also known as a big monitor dropped in from the Dolby Theatre's ceiling) to warn him of his impending failure: Tomorrow's headline will read "Seth MacFarlane: Worst Oscar Host Ever."
What catastrophic event could transpire to merit such a headline? Rattling off a little, swingin' song and dance ditty about the films in which highly respected actresses showed off a bit more than their finest acting chops. The ditty in question is "We Saw Your Boobs," which MacFarlane then performed with a closing assist from the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles, and it went a little something like this:.
Rate Seth MacFarlane's hosting skills now!.Col.
To date, the Knights have raised more than $4,000,000 directly to the Department for Persons with Disabilities, through disability drives and other endeavors. They have also donated thousands of hours of volunteer efforts.
In 1987, renovation work was completed on Columbus House to accommodate non-ambulatory residents. In 2002, major renovations doubled the size of Columbus House to serve more people in need.
Phone: (973) 697-6561
Director: Jim Cerny
Jim@dpd.orgI am co-owner of UMS Banking in Glendale California. When I was 42 yrs old, I started to exercise because I did not want to grow old and incapable. I decided that, if I never missed a day of exercise, I would never get unfit again. For over 12 years - I never missed a day of exercise. Somewhere along these 12 years..................
My husband and I decided to do a Half Ironman in 2005 after seeing a 70 yr old man come over the finish line in a Half Ironman at St Croix, where it was so hot you could hardly breath! Neither of us could swim and our long run at the time was 6 miles. We would do 15 miles on our bikes and think we were bad ass. We hacked around for the next year - trained ourselves --- somehow survived the 70.3 miles - and 2 days later we were on the internet looking for a coach. We found Rich Strauss, who was the founder of Pasadena Tri Club and a Coach. He was also an officer in the Maine Corp. Being coached by Rich was life-changing because he taught me that the only thing that limited me - was me.
To date, I have done 38 Half Ironmans (5 of which were at the World Championship Half Ironman), 2 full Ironmans, and countless half marathons. After coming across the finish line in my first Half Ironman, I never looked back.
I love the sport of Triathlon. I also love helping others achieve their goals in this sport. I have been Training Director for PTC for the last 3 years.
I am here to help you in any way I can.
2018 Sponsorship Goal = Partner with our awesome Sponsors to increase awareness and participation with our PTC Members. Collaborate in enjoyable training and race activities with our Sponsors and our PTC Members that includes their goals for product, services and membership growth
As a former smoker, the thought of doing a triathlon had never even occurred to me until I watched my husband train for and then complete one in May of 2015. The next day I signed up for the Lavaman Olympic triathlon, and I didn't even know how to swim. I wouldn't drown in the water, but I'd never swum a lap. After some swim lessons and hiring a coach I completed my first triathlon, a sprint, in Newport Beach in October 2015 and now I'm hooked. If you don't see me at the PTC Saturday Ride it's most likely because I'm off racing somewhere. Mike Reily called out those amazing words in 2017-- "Leanne Lowden, YOU ARE AN IRONMAN!".
I joined PTC in April 2018 and it's been a pleasure training with such wonderful athletes and people. I've gotten much stronger on the bike with the help of the Saturday Rides. My PTC family inspires me, pushes me, and encourages me to pursue my dreams and goals. I'm now a USAT Certified Race Director and triathlon coach. I'm honored to have been invited to join the PTC Board of Directors. I plan on hosting information booths at races and events so that we can spread the word about our amazing Club. How can we help you in your triathlon journey?Online Pharmacy & Medical Store
Upto 25% Off On All Products
Featured Products
Ativan / LorazepamAnti Anxiety $405.00 – $900.00
KlonoPin / ClonazepamAnti Anxiety $450.00 – $960.00
Provigil / ModafinilSleeping Aids $405.00 – $900.00
Phentermine / AdipexWeight Loss $405.00 – $960.00
Soma / CarisoprodolPain Relief $450.00 – $1,080.00
Tramadol / UltramPain Relief $405.00 – $1,200.00
Valium / DiazepamAnti Anxiety $405.00 – $1,140.00
Ambien / ZolpidemSleeping Aids $405.00 – $900.00
Adderall / Amphetamine and DextroamphetamineADHD $360.00 – $1,200.00
Xanax / AlprazolamAnti Anxiety $405.00 – $960.00
Limited Time Offer
Requested, Packaged & Delivered Worldwide
We maintain the privacy of every customer and we make sure product delivers to the right person at right time.
Best Offers Available With More Than 15% Discount On All Products
Worldwide Shipping
We Deliver Products Within 15-20 Business Days World Wide
Best Quality
All Brands With Required MG. Blisters & Loose Available
Best Offers
Offers Available from 10% to 25% On All Products
Secure Payments
Make Payment Via Credit, Debit, Moneygram, WU & BitcoinHEALTHY,
HANDCRAFTED
DOG TREATS
At Gem's Kitchen & Bakery, you can find nutritious, handcrafted dog treats that are made with traceable and responsibly sourced ingredients.
All our treats are guaranteed free of additives and preservatives.
No junk food, no nasty ingredients. Your dogs deserve the best.
Our Treats
Handcrafted | Nutritious | Delicious
Only the best for your dogs.
Choose to shop
SUSTAINABLY
A more sustainable and eco-friendly world requires the conscious decisions of consumers AND businesses. We are here to do our part, which is why we guarantee that NO plastics of any kind will be used in our packaging.
Let's all do our part to reduce waste ♡
Donating to
THE SHELTERS
In support of the amazing work they do for our furry friends, we will donate 5% of our revenue to local animal shelters at the end of every month. Your every purchase contributes to our monthly donations - thank you for supporting adoption!
Our Instagram
Check out how well loved our treats are by dogs all around Hong Kong!
@gems.kitchenbakery):
-. You can swim nearby in river/stream.
The camp site also supplies provisions and fresh bread. You can also use the internet, as you can access the internet with your own laptop in 80% of the camp site.
- Campsite accepts ACSI Club IDHosted by a different Omaha comedian each time, this show features great comedians using their adult-oriented material. If language and content doesn't offend you easily, this is the show for you.
This month is hosted by Matt LaRose!
Featuring- Andrew Morton, Bonnie Johnson-Strawn, Roosevelt Johnson, Dan Vaughn, and Kyle O'Reilly.Opening Account as a Customer
To transact with MPA, a customer has to first open an account. Once the account is opened, it will be accompanied by complimentary access to Marinet (for 10 users) to facilitate customer’s adherence with statutory and regulatory requirements, and for operational and financial transactions.
As part of our eco-office efforts, only e-invoices and e-statements will be provided via Marinet.
- Application for Account Opening
- Application for Interbank GIRO
- Banker’s Guarantee Template
- Terms and Conditions for Use of MPA Account and Marinet
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
- Singapore Government agencies
- Charities and Institutions of a Public Character
- Industry organisations and associations as classified in the SMF Singapore Maritime Services Guide
- MPA public licensees
- Local individuals who own pleasure craft owners
- Corporate customers with annual turnover less than $5,000 with MPA
1) How long does it take to process a new account opening?
All application forms for will be processed within 3 working days upon complete submission of all relevant information and the required supporting documents.
2) When is a Banker’s Guarantee / Insurance Bond (Demand Insurance) required?
A Banker’s Guarantee of SGD5,000.00 is required for all new MPA account applications (except for exempted entities), and this shall be valid for a period of one year from the date of application of account. The Banker's Guarantee requirements of each applicant are also subject to regular reviews by MPA.
The exempted entities are:
3) How do I sign up for Interbank Giro facilities and what is the frequency of the Giro Deductions?
You could sign up for the interbank Giro facilities by filling up and submitting the inter-bank Giro form available here. Giro deductions are done weekly.
4) How can I request for copies of credit note, statement of account, payment invoice or a certified true copy of an invoice?
You may access your company’s bills and statements of accounts through Marinet.
5) What is the e-Finance initiative on Marinet about?
Effective from 1 Apr 2014, MPA has launched a series of e-Finance initiatives on the Marinet system. e-Finance aims to provide customers with increased convenience in retrieving financial documents and offer alternative modes of payment.
- Finance
- Opening An Account
- Payment Matters
- Closing Your Account
- Ocean-going Vessel
- Harbour Craft
- Visiting Yacht and Pleasure Craft
- Shipping and Seafarer
- Others
- Forms
- digitalPORT@SG™Pure BHB Keto – Do you think that getting slim is a difficult task for you? Have you become disappointed by using different types of weight loss methods or different types of weight loss supplements? Do you think that obesity cannot be treated at all! Well, you don’t need to get disappointed because every problem has some solution and you have to realize it. The best solution for obesity has been found and that is named as Pure BHB Keto. It is a weight loss product that we are going to discuss today.
Pure BHB Keto is a weight loss formula that is simply the perfect product for those individuals who have become disappointed and you think that obesity cannot be treated at all. With the usage of this product, you will feel the difference in your body shape and in your weight day by day. Not only you will be getting the difference in terms of inches but also you will be getting the difference in terms of kgs. Pure BHB Keto is good to increase energy level of your body and to improve your metabolism. As a result, you will be able to take part in physical activities and to reduce your existing fats. There are many individuals who have used Pure BHB Keto and they really got amazing results. Why don’t you also try it out if you are interested to reshape your body! It will also deal with your appetite as it will decrease appetite producing enzymes in your body.
You might be crazy to know about ingredients of Pure BHB Keto. They are all the natural ingredients that have been used in it. Let’s talk about its composition today:
They are many benefits that are associated with turmeric powder. The most important thing about it is that it is being used for centuries because of its health benefits. It is good to reduce inflammation in your body.
There are antioxidants present in this product that are good to deal with free radicals in your body. Free radicals are produced as a result of oxidation reactions that take place in your body all the time. If free radicals are not neutralized then they may cause problems and they may store fats in your body.
It might be difficult for you to rely on small portions of meals because you might be feeling hungry all the time. If you want to control your appetite and if you want to lower your food consumption then hydroxycitric acid is going to work like a miracle for you. It is the best ingredients that will control your appetite whether real or emotional.
Now you have explored all the ingredients of Pure BHB Keto as you have come to know that it is a product that contains natural ingredients.
Do you want to know what benefits you can get from Pure BHB Keto? Well, you are likely to obtain the following benefits from it:
This weight loss supplement is perfect to tone up your body and to make you slim. You will feel the great difference in inches of your body every day.
This product is good for those individuals who cannot use Pharmaceutical products. Using this natural weight loss formula will help to reduce your body weight and it will not give you any side effects. You don’t need to get any prescription from the doctor because it is natural.
Pure BHB Keto is not less than the magic for those individuals who feel hungry all the time and who cannot control their appetite. You will use this product regularly and you will get amazing results because it will suppress appetite producing enzymes.
You will feel the great difference in your thinking ability because this supplement will relax your mind and it will improve your cognitive health.
Do you want to get energetic along with reducing your weight! If yes then try out Pure BHB Keto.
You can expect the following Side Effects from this weight loss formula as well:
Pure BHB Keto should not be used in combination with any other weight loss product. It should be used individually.
If you get problems like nausea or headache regularly then it means that this product is not suitable for you. You should discontinue it in that situation.
If you want to get the best results then you have to do some physical activities. Only Pure BHB Keto cannot produce desired results.
You should not use this product in teenage or if you are child. It should only be used by adult individuals.
When it comes to the dosage or consumption of this weight loss formula, it is very important to know about instructions given by the manufacturer. According to him, all the users are supposed to take only two capsules of Pure BHB Keto every day. There are some people who think that consuming more than two capsules can reduce quick results but keep it in your mind that consuming more than two capsules will give you side effects rather than giving you benefit. You are going to use this product for improving your health and hence it is very important to follow the dosage instructions given by the manufacturer.
You can purchase Pure BHB Keto from the website of the company. It means that you are not supposed to visit the market in order to find this product but just sit at your home and place an order. Some individual do not pay attention to the terms and conditions but it is very important. You must read all the terms and conditions about return policy and many other important things.
1st user said: Let me share my personal experience of Pure BHB Keto with you. I had been looking for a weight of product that could make me sleep rapidly because I had to attend an important event in my family. I was thinking that I would be feeling embarrassed if I would be fat. I am thankful to the manufacturer of this amazing weight loss formula because if I would not have got this product, I would be feeling embarrassed in that event. I have become very confident now because I have become slim.
2nd user said: I had never been this much slim but thank you Pure BHB Keto for making me fit and well-shaped! My friends used to laugh at me because of my obesity and I used to feel very embarrassed while eating in public. I was getting disturbed not only physically but also psychologically. Then I realize that I must think about using a weight loss medicine or any other weight loss supplement that could help me to get out of this problem. Luckily I came to know about Pure BHB Keto and it has really helped to reduce my body weight.
ContentsAny game with additional content now has a separate page with all DLCs that can be sorted. At the same time, developers themselves will now be able to choose which additions to “highlight” and make selections.
Moreover, we have added new features for game developers (especially with a huge amount of additional content) that will allow them to customize these pages. They will be able to create lists, add branded images and choose which add-ons to highlight.from the update description
Train Simulator Add-ons Page
You can go to such a page by clicking on the button “View all” or “View all” in the column with additions in the game profile.
Winds out of the northwest traveling over the Great Lakes have helped to develop lake effect snow off of Lake Michigan. The steadiest snow has been to the west of Alpena, but scattered snow showers will continue through the rest of this evening in Northeast Michigan.
Strong winds out of the northwest about 15-20 mph, with occasional gusts around 30 mph, are also providing colder temperatures to all of Northern Michigan. High temperatures today reached only the middle to upper 20s, and colder temperatures will move in tomorrow and Friday.
Lake effect snow will continue this evening, then diminish by tomorrow morning. Morning temperatures will start around 13 degrees, but morning wind chill values will make it feel like -5 to 0! High temperatures will reach only the upper teens tomorrow afternoon, cloudy skies are expected throughout the daytime, then the cloud cover will partially clear tomorrow evening.
The coldest temperatures in our forecast will arrive tomorrow, lasting through Friday. Beginning this weekend, our daily high temperatures will go on an upward trend for a few days. Over the weekend, temperatures will recover to the middle 20s, then reach the lower 30s early next week.
For tomorrow, gray skies will persist, and temperatures will reach around 19 degrees in the afternoon, but it will feel like 5. The coldest period over the next few days will occur Thursday night into early Friday morning — low temperatures will drop to around 4 degrees in Alpena, possibly below 0 for interior locations, and wind chills will drop to the range of -10 to -5. Friday will be dry and mostly cloudy, as highs get close 20 degrees in the afternoon. A few snow showers are possible Saturday, then mostly cloudy on Sunday, and high temperatures this weekend will reach the mid-20s. For the rest of Northeast Michigan’s weather forecast, watch the latest weather video by clicking the weather tab at the top of the page.
Tommy Genesis Drafts Charli XCX for a Remix on Unapologetic Track "100 Bad"
Tommy Genesis has recruited British pop princess Charli XCX for an update of her already-fire track “100 Bad.” This amazing link up between the two stars culminates in a sultry and seductive verse added to the Charlie Heat-produced banger. Charlie XCX’s valley girl flow is a perfect pairing to Tommy Genesis' bad girl track. On the collaboration, Tommy was quoted saying “Charli is an amazing artist, she just gushes talent. After we made Bricks [for Assassination Nation], I sent her 100 Bad because the song needed a new powerful force, and she absolutely killed it.”
The self-described “fetish-rapper” debuted her self-directed video for the original track last week, making it the lead single for her highly anticipated debut album. Although her first album is set to release later this year, Tommy Genesis has already made a name for herself with the the heavy-hitter single, ‘Tommy’ and dreamy track ‘Lucky.'
Words: Paola de Oliveira
Photography: Good Machine PRMy Cart: 0 item(s)
DVD of Marxist economist Richard Wolff's talk 'Capitalism: Not Working For Us, We Can Do Better,' at a special KPFK event on April 24 2018 at Immanuel Presbyterian Church in Los Angeles. Wolff discussed the capitalism-created crises of wealth inequality and unemployment, and offered viable solutions.Dr. Kate Nichols, editor of MAP and Birmingham Fellow of British Art for the University of Birmingham, has written a post about how their article for MAP Issue 1 has lead to the rediscovery of a ‘lost’ Sophie Anderson painting.
Sophie Anderson was a ‘cosmopolitan Victorian Artist in the Midlands’ who traveled between France, America, England, and Italy. Significantly, she became one of the first living female artists to have her art purchased by a British museum, but, as Dr. Nichols points out in her article, today her work is barely known.
Read Dr. Nichol’s post below.
My article for MAP Issue 1 explored the variety of paintings produced by Victorian artist Sophie Anderson, and the collection and display of her paintings – 5 of which belong to public collections in the Midlands (Birmingham Museums Trust, The New Art Gallery Walsall, Wolverhampton Art Gallery and the New Walk Museum and Art Gallery, Leicester). Anderson was one of the earliest living female artists to have her paintings purchased by public-funded museums in Britain.
In the article I briefly discussed Anderson’s painting Scandal in the Harem (1877), which, until about a month ago, was regarded as untraced. However, I’ve recently been contacted by a private collector, whose family have owned this painting for decades – likely since the 1950s. Previously, the only known image of this painting was a black and white engraving from The Graphic but now we can reproduce it here in all its brilliant colours.
This painting is significant. Anderson has – like many nineteenth-century artists who are women – been associated primarily with images of childhood; the ‘rediscovery’ of this work emphasises the diversity of her artistic output. Exhibition records suggest that Anderson painted a number of orientalist works, but only two are currently traced – Scheherazade at The New Art Gallery Walsall, and Toklihili: The Young Indian Princess at The Art Gallery of Hamilton in Canada.
Neither of these paintings – unlike Scandal in the Harem – have a known date; but the similarity in models, colours and props indicates that these two works in public collections may well hail from the 1870s too. Scandal in the Harem can be securely connected to the period when Anderson was working in Capri – which suggests that the models for this, and perhaps Anderson’s other orientalist paintings – may well have been Italian. More broadly, the painting provides an new example of the ways in which European women contributed to ideas about a generalised, stereotyped ‘East’.Shower
7 thoughts on “Shower me in rain”
Reblogged this on johncoyote and commented:
Amazing poetry by a talented writer.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks for sharing John
LikeLiked by 1 person
I loved your work today. You are amazing dear Geetha.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you my dear friend. so Are you, an amazing writer and poet at heart
LikeLiked by 1 person
Amazing poetry and I love your verbal poetry. Thank you for sharing your work dear Geetha.
LikeLiked by 2 people
Thank you John
LikeLiked by 1 person
You are welcome Geetha.Moroccan Relic macrame bracelet
I'm a 70s child, so of course I've made many hippie macrame items in my youth! But the fine knots of MICRO-macrame is really quite elegant looking, and a far cry from those hanging plant holders and feathery owl hangings we made using thick ropes!
This bracelet features petite organic glass beads, handmade by lampwork artisan Jenelle Aubade of Paradise Beads, accented with dozens of Swarovski crystals, silver czech glass seed beads, and purple wooden craft beads woven together with fine nylon cording threads. Adjustable to wrist sizes 6.5" and larger.Last Updated Sep 7, 2017 7:07 PM EDT
TravelWireNews Chatroom for Readers (join us)
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Thursday.
The Supreme Court, in a provisional ruling in June, said the ban couldn’t be imposed on people who have a “bona fide” relationship to the U.S., pending additional arguments set for October. But the Supreme Court declined to clarify that definition, leaving it up for interpretation.
Last month, Department of Justice lawyers tried to make the case to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals that grandparents and other relatives do not count as “bona fide” relationships. The three-judge panel met that claim with skepticism, giving an early indication of where the court would land.
“If a close familiar relationship is what’s needed for an individual, how can the government take the position that a grandmother or a grandfather, or aunt or uncle of a child in the U.S., does not have a close familial relationship? Like, what universe does that come from?” said Judge Ronald Gould, visibly frustrated with the government’s arguments at the time.
© 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.Rope Ball Toys
$12
Description:- Cotton rope toy for woof woof
- Material: Soft Cotton
- Soft for teeth
- Lovely look: Classic and chic
Care instruction:
- Simply wash by hand use clean water
Size:
- 2.5" diameter
***BARK BARK***: Please remove all labels before giving it to your pet. Be aware that this toy is not intended to be eaten. All pets should be supervised while playing with this toy.
* Not recommended for tough chewers or dogs with a destructive personality
* No toy is unbreakable
For Hoodies & Polos:
- Machine wash cold
- Tumble Dry Low
- Do not bleach
- Lay flat to dry
For Bow Tie & Bandana:
- Machine wash cold
- DO NOT Tumble Dry Low
- Do not bleach
- Lay flat to dryItem Details
Patron Receiving Assistance From Mike Wilson at the Reference Desk - Claude Moore Health Sciences Library
- Format
- Online; Visual Materials
- Type
- Nonprojected Graphic
- Summary
- Patron is unidentified
- Date Created
- undated
- Description
- Original Negative Present
- Collection
- University of Virginia Visual History Collection
- Location
- Historical Collections & Services, Claude Moore Health Sciences Library, Charlottesville, Va.
- Retrieval ID
- prints207Summer Cup
The often been a happy hunting ground for the juniors of the Tiger Cubs, but the handicap system means that it's often the team that plays well on the night that succeeds rather than the ostensibly strongest team on paper.HeNan, China[email protected]
If you are interested in our products, please contact
Trapezium Grinding Mill Second Hand In Indonesia. Price grinding mills for silica loco in indonesia - henan.about product and suppliers 1,141,823 mill products are offered for sale by suppliers on alibaba.com, of which other food processing machinery accounts for 10, milling cutter accounts for 5, and aluminum profiles accounts for 4.
MTW Trapezium Mill. LM Vertical Grinding Mill. SCM Super-micro Mill. Complete Grinding Plant. As a powdering or pulverizing process, there are both wet grinding and dry grinding both open circuit grinding and closed circuit grinding. For ores and minerals grinding, there are ball mill, ultrafine mill, coarse powder mill and Raymond mill, etc.
100 Tph Bauxite Ball Mill Ebay In Saudi Arabia. Capacity hch1395 556 tph hch980 253 tph vmx1100 vertical mill 100000tyear ultrafine calcium carbonate project of guangxi powder enterprise project status bauxite ball mill production site saudi arabia saudi arabia equipment ygmx130 grinding mill.
tph crusher machine price - klabrickellparents.com mach production line.
ball mill suppliers china copper ore processing energy used future coal newcastle south africa ice crusher machine with blower crusher manufacturer 250 300 tph in india iron ore beneficiation plant cost machine for grinding granite functions of the limestone crusher crusher fro sale in india raymond woollen mills ltd
300 tph stone crusher Products. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size-reduction requirements including, 300 tph stone crusher, quarry, aggregate, and different kinds of minerals.
Products. These two kinds of have 7 series and 72 models in total. HGT Gyratory Crusher. Owning international advanced crushing technologies, the HGT Gyratory Crusher is ...
MTM Trapezium Mill. As an efficient stone grinding mill for rent and sale, MTM series trapezium mill is widely used in many industrial fields, such as building, chemical, chemical fertilizer, metallurgy, mining, nonmetal, abrasive, bearing materials,ceramic.View more. MTW Trapezium Mill .
MTM Medium Speed Trapezium Mill . 2018628MTM Medium Speed Trapezium Mill Zeniths MTM medium speed trapezium mill is a world leading industrial mill, which adopts the world leading technology Our MTM trapezium mill absorbs many advantages from various mills all over the world and overe the traditional mills defect pletely in aspects of application, capacity,
Mtm Trapezium Grinding technology elaborate design by our professional R D team test and ..
FIRST VERTICAL ROLLER MILL FOR CEMENT GRINDING By 20 tph vrm coal mill capacity 20 tph grinding coal mill europa Homepage OF liming Machine Company The MTW trapezium grinding mill in European type
Sucessful Solutions. In the construction aggregate industry, the production plans of the same type of investors have comparable and reference value. Your future plan design, equipment selection, construction and construction, operation management, return on investment, etc.
Two sets MTW175 European Trapezium Mill help large .
MTM Trapezium Grinder Read more. T130X Reinforced Ultrafine Mill ... Rod Mill Grinding Line in China More Related cases. Stone Crushing Plant. Read More . Stone Crushing Line ... equipment for sale nickel vsi crusher clinker crusher power calculation formula akashganga constructional machines pvt ltd tph stone crusher design portable ...
mtm trapezium grinding mill 13 to 22 tph. MTM Medium Speed Trapezium grinder is a kind of leading-world-level tph stone plant crusher b2b india second hand 2 tph stone plant casting for coal mill in india lg ultra wet grinder 1 25 ltr price chennai.
Buy grinding mill for mesh size to 200 tph puzzolana. quartz crushing and grinding stone crusher 120 tph per hour capacity. Vsi Stone Crusher 200 Per Hour Cost puzzolana 200 tph cone crushers parts
mtm trapezium grinding mill 13 to 22 tph. MQ Series Ball Mill, ball mill used in cement industry - jaw crusher Zenith MQ series ball mill are widely used in various types of ores ... These mills are sized from 2 th to 30 TPH for wet grinding and from 0.5 th to 30 TPH for dry ... MQY2122, 21002200, 6.7. Get Price
Grinding Mill From China Zenith.This page is about the zenith grinding mill,if you want to buy the grinding mill From China.you can contact zenith company ... MTM Series Trapezium Mill. ... capacity in TPH, output size like 0-10,10-15, 15-20 mm for crushing or 75 microns 200 meshes for mill machine and other requirements ... ...
Grinding Mill From China Zenith.This page is about the zenith Grinding Mill,If you want to konw more info about the zenith Grinding Mill,you can contact zenith company ... MTM Series Trapezium Mill. ... capacity in TPH, output size like 0-10,10-15, 15-20 mm for crushing or 75 microns 200 meshes for mill machine and other requirements ...Kohler - 6419-NY - Cimarron® 2 Pc, Ch Touchless Toilet, Pb
MSRP: $504.40
Questions about Kohler - 6419-NY
The plumbing professionals at Gateway Supply are available to assist you with your selection of Kohler products.
Kohler - 6419-NY:
- Flush is activated by a no-touch sensor mounted inside the tank.
- Two-piece toilet.
- Round-front bowl offers an ideal solution for smaller baths and powder rooms.
- Comfort Height(R) feature offers chair-height seating that makes sitting down and standing up easier for most adults.
- 1.28 gallons per flush (gpf).
- When batteries are low, the unit will beep five times at half-second intervals when activated to indicate it''s time to replace them.
- Coordinates with other products in the Cimarron collection.
- Combination consists of the K-5693 tank and the K-4347 bowl.
- Touchless only adds three simple steps to installation.
ONLINE TOOLS
DOWNLOADSSpecification Sheet
Web Link
6419-NY - Kohler
Gateway Supply is proud to present this dune finished floor mount two piece toilet, by Kohler. The 6419Trail Towns: What’s To Love In Bozeman, Montana
And why hometown hero Grayson Murphy loves it here.
Get access to everything we publish when you sign up for Outside+.
Bozeman, Montana
Elevation: 4,820 feet
Population: 52,600
Situated between the Big Belt, Crazy and Beartooth mountains in southwest Montana, Bozeman is the state’s fourth-largest city but also one of the fastest growing since 2010. Despite the growth, it’s maintained its rugged mountain town vibe thanks in large part to the relatively easy access to trails and big mountains and a population that thrives on skiing, hiking, trail running mountaineering and mountain biking. The city is named after John M. Bozeman who established the Bozeman Trail pioneer route and was a founder of the town in August 1864, but the land was previously sacred land and common hunting ground of the native Crow, Pend d’Oreille/Kalispel, Salish and Blackfeet people.
Grayson Murphy
Grayson Murphy admits there are some similarities to competing in both the 3,000-meter steeplechase on the track and grueling, short-distance trail races in the mountains. Both events spike your heart rate and force you to grind through the lung-burning anguish that ensues.
But it’s rare that a runner finds success in both the way the 26-year-old Murphy has, if only because track and trail disciplines are so different. Does that make her special or a little crazy?
“Maybe both?” she says with a laugh. “They events are really not that different, but it kind of depends on what you like to do as a runner. Do you want to do gritty, hard training on the track or go grind in the mountains for four hours at a time? It turns out, I kind of like to do both.”
Two years ago, the former All-American runner at the University of Utah was feeling a bit burnt out from running on the track and the roads, so she started to dabble in trail running. She entered the Cirque Series trail in Brighton, Utah — a 6.7-mile race with 3,015-feet of vertical gain — and finished second to Morgan Arritola, a former Olympic cross country skier who placed third at the trail running world championships in 2012.
It was a great start for Murphy and it whet her appetite for more. But to say she burst on the trail running scene after that is an all-time understatement. Over the next few months, Murphy won the U.S. Mountain Running Championships in Waterville Valley, New Hampshire, the World Mountain Running Championships in Argentina and Xterra Trail Run World Championships in Hawaii.
“It was a wild ride to be on the U.S. team heading to the World Championships and then to end up winning Worlds, it was very unexpected,” Murphy says. “It was really cool to see the international level of trail competition. I didn’t really know what to expect, but it made me want to keep racing on trails.”
Murphy has continued to excel on the track (6th in the steeplechase at the U.S. Olympic Trials in June) and roads (1st at the Desert News 10K, 31:13), but her biggest goal race this year is the 2021 World Mountain and Trail Running Championships on Nov. 11 in Thailand.
Murphy grew up in Salt Lake City, but has been living in Bozeman with her boyfriend, Logan Diekmann, a professional Nordic skier who she met in college. While she does most of her hard workouts on the Montana State University track, she often runs the meandering canyon trails adjacent to the city and occasionally heads to Yellowstone National Park. Sometimes she links up with Diekmann and his skier buddies during their summer training runs, but she prefers to run shorter and faster than some of their epic, long-haul jaunts.
“The biggest thing about running anywhere around Bozeman is that I have to carry bear spray every place I run,” she says. “I carry it on every run, no matter if I’m running the local canyons or high on the Bridger Ridge or if I’m doing a long run in Yellowstone. It’s just what you have to do here.”
Best Places to Run: In addition to rugged mountain trails to featured peaks and destinations like Baldy Mountain, Mt. Ellis and the Bridger Ridge Traverse, there are also numerous trail systems within the Gallatin Valley Land Trust (gvlt.org) that include a range of mellow to moderate trails. “If you’re new to town and you ask a local what trail to run, they’ll say, ‘Go run the Ridge,’” Murphy says. “It’s a pretty popular route, but it’s not for the faint of heart.”
Local Races: The 19.9-mile Bridger Ridge Run (mid-August; winddrinkers.org) is Bozeman’s classic trail race one of the toughest in the U.S., known for 6,800 feet of climbing and 9,500 feet of descending, above-treeline exposure and, often, no clearly defined trail. Organized by the Big Sky Wind Drinkers running club, it’s been held since local trail running legend Ed Anacker started it back in 1985. Other nearby races include The Rut Mountain Runs (50K, 28K, 11K and VK) at Big Sky Resort (early September; runtherut.com), the 9-mile Baldy Blitz (mid-May; winddrinkers.org) and the 7.5-mile John Colter Run at Missouri Headwaters State Park (mid-September; winddrinkers.org).
Food & Drink: Bozeman has an eclectic array of restaurants, pubs and microbreweries located in the heart of the old downtown area. Two of Grayson recommends heading to Shine Beer Sanctuary for craft beer and tacos at its LaPa Grill or the Italian fare at the Blackbird Kitchen. Head to Revelry for homemade fried chicken, seared bison sausage or a poblano burger and visit Montana Ale Works and Bozeman Brewing Company for their locally brewed beers.Apparatus Room
Chic yet approachable. Historic while tastefully modern. The Apparatus Room bridges the old and the new, offering iconic New American cuisine rooted in Midwestern ingredients, as well as thoughtful cocktails crafted by accomplished mixologists.
Mon.-Sat. 6:30 a.m.-10 p.m.
Sun. 6:30 a.m.-9 p.m.
- Valet Parking
- Charge for Parking
- American Express
- Discover
- MasterCard
- VisaThe first week of the NEW Year is almost up! But, I thought I’d come and say hello again even though I haven’t a single recipe to share (well, I do, but I didn’t take pictures….). I was wandering across the blogesphere and I noticed a lot of people had these little 15 things about me, or 50 things about me posts. I love that kind of thing! Mostly because I’m supremely curious about people… I just want to KNOW things! Anyway, I thought I’d pop in and write up my own, since I haven’t shared much about myself.
Oh… and I tag ALL of you. Tell me 14 things about you! I want to know!!!
- I am a grown up, but I struggle with that idea. I’m just a girl, dude.
- I am an excellent speller, but in 5th grade I lost the spelling bee because I misspelled California.
- My dog is a lhasa apso. She is currently snoring her head off her plushy bed.
- I believe in second chances, sometimes in 3rd and 4ths too.
- I graduated from law school a while back, but I teach for a living (hahhhh, with that pay maybe it’s 1/2 a living)
- I love running. I’ve run 3 10 milers, 10 half marathons, and 1 full marathon since 2010. I’m thinking about running another marathon in March.
- I have terrible eyesight, so I need my glasses or contacts to see anything
- My favorite seasons are summer and fall (spring comes in last since I get hayfever)
- Today, my computer told me it was running out of space and I needed to delete things! So I finally went through my 30,000 pictures and deleted the blurry ones
- I buy books at the airport based on how many pages are in the book. I read quickly, so I try to buy as many pages as possible to keep myself entertained
- I love junk food… candy, chocolate, cookies, brownies, and french fries are regulars in my diet (ooops)
- I adore getting dressed up. I love putting on pretty clothing and doing fun things.
- I prefer red wines and whiskeys to any other type of alcohol. And yes, I can hold my liquor.
- I love picking fruit… like anything at all. There is something extremely satisfying to me about picking fruit. I’m planning on a bigger garden this year so I can grow vegetables!
So… I pass the baton to you. Tell me 14 things about you! In honor of 2014. 🙂Is it Time to Get Help from Roofers in Annapolis?
Everyone who has a place to call home has a roof over his head. Unfortunately, roofs can sometimes be problematic. Even the most high quality, well installed roofs are likely to develop problems at some point during their lifespan. The best thing you can do to protect and prolong your roof is to seek advice from professional roofers in Annapolis at the first sign of trouble. Even better yet, have them inspect your roof on a regular basis to catch problems in the early stages. The sooner you catch and fix roofing problems, the less likely they are to cause serious (and expensive!) damage.
One of the most obvious and common roofing issues is a leaky roof. If you notice water spots on your roof or feel tiny droplets of water leaking from overhead, don’t hesitate to call a professional roofer. There are many “do it yourself” products on the market today that claim to fix leaky roofs. However, these products, at best, will only solve your problem temporarily. Sometimes, they can even make the original problem worse. A leak that’s left unrepaired will only worsen over time and can cause serious water damage not just to your roof but to your home and possessions as well. Take roof leaks seriously.
You might think those little squirrels running over your roof are cute, but think again. Small animals, such as rodents and birds, can actually cause serious damage to a roof. Whether they’re chipping or chewing away at the shingles, building nests, or curling up and dying somewhere, these “cute” critters can spell big trouble for your roof. If you have a pesky pest that you just can’t seem to get rid of, Roofers in Annapolis can help you to evict that unwanted tenant and give you solutions to keep animals from coming back.
Most roofs are missing one or two shingles, but if you suddenly notice a lot of missing or broken shingles, your roof is in danger. Shingles can be lost due to strong winds, excess rain, or just a roof that’s getting older. No matter the cause, fixing this problem pronto could save your roof. In fact, any time you notice anything amiss or simply different about your roof, it’s wise to get some expert advice. Just click here to connect with a great roofer in your area.King jack casino telefonnummer 2019-03
King jack casino telefonnummer. The King telefonnummer Jack Casino Welcome bonus currently consists of a bonus 30 complimentary spins on Lady Luck Deluxe.
Launched in August, the site strives to provide players with the very best casino games from the UK’ s most advanced software providers. King Jack Casino UK is considered among the top competitors in this ever- growing industry.
Terms and conditions apply. King Jack Casino is a brand New Online Casino site and they' re offering all new jack players 200% welcome bonus on your 1st deposit!
King Jack Casino is an online casino established since and operated by Daub Alderney Ltd. There is one common trait that all the players of King Jack Casino share.
To connect with King Jack Casino, join Facebook today. The best online casino welcome bonuses can provide you with a great amount of money when the wagering requirements are fulfilled.
Jumpin Jack Cash. Play some of your favourite games directly from your Apple or Android devices at anytime and anywhere.
New free casino slots are released every month! King Jack is offering two welcome packages to new players.
King Jack Casino is an king online casino with a fun theme and great presentation. King Jack Casino Cashback is available through TopCashback on genuine, tracked transactions completed immediately and wholly online.
King Jack jack Casino Welcome Bonus. Play all your favorite online casino games at Casino.
King jack casino telefonnummer. Play an amazing collection telefonnummer of fully authentic casino slots and games including Blackjack, Roulette and Video Poker!
As any self- respecting online casino, King Jack is the king of mobile gaming with a top- class mobile platform for those looking to enjoy gaming on the move. Play all your favorite online casino games at Casino.
King jack casino telefonnummer. jack Feel like royalty at King Jack Casino!
Casino Jack ( known in certain territories as Bagman) is a comedy- drama thriller film directed by George Hickenlooper and starring Kevin Spacey. Contact to Captain Jack Casino via e- mail, chat support, toll free number for any suggestion, query, complaints of depositing and withdrawing money.
King Jack Casino offers 30 slot spins with a first deposit of £ 30. King jack casino telefonnummer.
Having chosen two royal cards from the deck for the name King Jack Casino is ready to treat its players like royalty. The bonus you will get comes in the form of free spins on selected slots on the first deposit.
We' ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Offering fantastic games, jack and truly.
Receive a Royal welcome at King Jack Casino and get up to 30 Royal Spins on your 1st deposit.
Play our wide selection of free online slots for fun.
Welcome to Pearl River Resort Online Casino! King Jack Casino is most certainly a regal destination, based on the stylish use of purple and golden tones in the visual branding.
Our software is always the best. For helping this marvellous monkey look after his money safely he' ll happily reward you with loads of prizes and bonuses.
Stop by and experience an immersive and unique jack casino in Ohio! Jack and the Beanstalk.
The entire site looks terrific on screens of all sizes, whether you’ re playing games or just king navigating from telefonnummer one page to another. The new name reflects a new company, without connections to Caesars Entertainment king Corp.
With the UK casino market extremely overcrowded, this gives the customers a good selection of sites to choose from but this can be a bit more difficult than you think. This platform is known for providing players with outstanding slot machines.
Enjoy multiple dining options, events, and state of the art jack casino machines and table games at JACK Cincinnati! Everything happens at King' s with an unique variety of Casinogames and king Europe' s largest Pokerroom, we offer nonstop action to our clients.
View all the hotel rooms and suites at Excalibur Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. King jack casino telefonnummer.
No wagering on free spin winnings. CLEVELAND, Ohio - Meet JACK, the new name for Cleveland' s downtown Horseshoe Casino.
All the games offered on the website have been approved king by the UK king Gambling Commission. King Jack Online Casino.
king The colours and style is telefonnummer authentically ‘ telefonnummer royal’, combining purples, yellows, and whites. The minimum deposit that will trigger the bonus is £ 10.
These complimentary spins do not carry any wagering requirement. King jack casino telefonnummer.
Players are treated like kings here; they can enjoy a selection of games including video slots telefonnummer games and live games. King Jack Casino is certified by the UKGC and by the Alderney Gambling Control Commission.
King jack casino telefonnummer. We recommend jack you to try them jack out and see how fun and rewarding they are.
King Jack Online Casino telefonnummer Games is an exciting new gaming platform, where you can play from anywhere on the king planet with certain exceptions), using a variety of mobile devices. King Jack telefonnummer Casino.
The sense of quality also extends over to the gaming content, which is both rich and diverse. King Jackpot UK is licensed and telefonnummer regulated to offer Gambling Services in Great Britain by the UK Gambling Commission, license NumberR.
Here listed are bonuses for King Jack Casino, that include welcome, 2nd deposit, 3rd deposit, match deposit bonuses and other bonuses. King Jack Casino Join Lucky Admiral & get up to 500 free spins - Click to Play!
All its river streams have a torrent of royal promotions, bonuses and offers for all the fervent players. King Jack Casino is an telefonnummer enthralling Casino site that is located in an amazon- green valley between hills of majestic Slot games and mountains of splendorous Live Casino games.
King Jack Casino is a magnificent casino site loaded up with some surprising games such as stunning slots games and entertaining Live Casino games. King Jack Casino was launched in August and claims to bring you a selection of the biggest and the best games from the UKs most jack exclusive gaming providers.
Many of NetEnt games use HTML5, which telefonnummer means they can be played telefonnummer on mobile devices as well. NetEnt – Play NetEnt slots for free and try the demo mode of extremely popular games like Starburst, Gonzo’ s Quest or Jack and the Beanstalk.
Call or email King’ s Casino and they will arrange a shuttle service: or eu. About King Jack Casino Casino King Jack Casino was launched in August and claims to bring you a selection of the biggest and the best games telefonnummer from the UKs most exclusive gaming providers.
Transportation Service If customers have trouble getting to King' s Casino directly, there is a special transportation service available. King Jack Casino cashback can king be earned simply by clicking through to the merchant and shopping telefonnummer as normal.
Join King Jack Casino today and get Deposit £ 30, jack Get 30 Free Spins for new customers. If you want to be a member of an online gambling community which will always keep surprising its members with top- tier rewards and bonuses, this is the casino for you.
King Jack Casino launched in and powered by Microgaming, NetEnt and more. Up to 30 Royal Spins, Keep Your Winnings.
King Jack Casino is an online casino jack also offering mobile casinos using Daub Alderney, Eyecon, IGT, LeapFrog Gaming, NetEnt, Play' n GO, Realistic Games, and SG Gaming software licensed in Alderney and United Kingdom. Sometimes we would all like a bit of the royal treatment and there is nowhere better to get it than at the brand new King Jack Casino.
King Jack Casino is a brand new online casino – experience the royal treatment, lucrative bonuses and games made fit for a King, under one roof! The minimum deposit that will trigger the full 30 complimentary spins is £ 30.
On king your second cash in, the casino will matchup 50% of the amount you deposited and give jack you bonus cash. If you' ve ever wondered where a rich monkey could keep his money, well now you can find out thanks to " Monkey In The Bank", an online slot game from Cadillac Jack.
jack The inside view of our revitalized Royal Superior King are just as inspiring as the. Critics Consensus: Hard- hitting and honest yet sensitive, King Jack is an uncommonly affecting coming- of- age drama and a powerful calling card for debuting writer- director Felix Thompson.
King Jack Casino is on Facebook. Sign up and join the fun at Pearl River Resort Online Casino.Unique | Island-Start on Lake Constance | Three countries - no passport | Goose bumps
Start: Sunday, October 6th, 2019
The following services are included in the entry fee:
- Personalized start number and safety needles
- Electronic timekeeping
- Free travel with train and bus on 06.10.2019 in the Vorarlberg-Region
- 6 October 2019, the 13th Sparkasse 3-Länder-Marathon starts.
12/03/2018 Personalia: Dieter Heidegger für Öffentlichkeitsarbeit in Österreich für AIMS verantwortlich
07/09/2018 „Sport trifft Kunst“: Mit Startnummer am 6. Oktober kostenlos ins Kunsthaus Bregenz
Media
videos
Newsletter
Do you wish to edit your profile?
Enter the email address by which you're registered here, and a link to the administration will be sent to your account:
Enter the email address by which you're registered here, and a link to the administration will be sent to your account: MarEng Project - a Tool for Enhancing Safety in Navigation and Maritime Transport
1 Gdynia Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland
ABSTRACT: In the paper the MarEng project is presented as a tool for enhancing safety in navigation and maritime transport.
KEYWORDS: Maritime Education and Training (MET), Safety at Sea, Marine Navigation, Maritime Transport, Safety of Navigation, Maritime English, EU Programme, Crew Resource Management (CRM)
REFERENCES
Citation note:
Katarzyńska B.: The MarEng Project - a Tool for Enhancing Safety in Navigation and Maritime Transport. TransNav, the International Journal on Marine Navigation and Safety of Sea Transportation, Vol. 1, No. 2, pp. 221-222, 2007Seller:
worldcurrencyandcoin (31,555) 99.6%,
Location: Singapore,
Ships to: Worldwide,
Item: 142983235800
WE ONLY SELL GUARANTEED GENUINE BANKNOTES AND COINS. BHUTAN 10 Ngultrum P29 2013 issue attractive UNC bank notes dealers lot of 100 pieces,bearing the picture of King Jigme Singye Wangchuk, Royal emblem and Paro Dzong Palace at back.Bhutan is a tiny Himalayan Kingdom with only 700,000 population bordering India and Tibet. NOT TO BE MISSED. Be sure to add us to your favorites list ! Check out our other items ! Shipping & Handling charge: $9 inquiry.Courier service available on request at an additional cost. Delivery Time: Shipping time usually takes between 25-58 business days, kindly be patient as international shipping time and local customs delays are beyond our control. Buyers from Russia honor Date,Prefix,Signature and or serial numbers etc and may be / will be different unless stated otherwise, Country of Manufacture: Bhutan, Country/Region of Manufacture: Bhutan, Certification: Uncertified, Country: Bhutan, Grade: Ungraded, Type: Collections, Lots, Circulated/Uncirculated: UncirculatedResources
Information For
Quicklinks
College of Law > About > News > DePaul's inaugural Third Year in Practice class ready for real-world experience
DePaul University College of Law / 8/3/2016 / Posted in: Experiential Learning; Student News; Faculty News / Twitter / Facebook /
Members of the first class of students in DePaul’s innovative Third Year in Practice (3YP) program will begin their intensive legal field placements at government agencies, nonprofit
organizations and corporations in fall 2016.
Following is an excerpt from a recent article about the 3YP program that appeared in Distinctions.
“3YP is the reason I came to DePaul,” says Clint Pierce. Rebekah Gonzalez agrees: “I learned about 3YP when I was researching law schools, and it’s why I decided to come here. I did not see anything
like it at other schools in the area.”
The Third Year in Practice (3YP) program allows law students to complete general course
requirements in two years and then spend their third year immersed in
the simulated and actual practice of law. 3YP students learn and
practice professional litigation and corporate skills, while working
under close supervision, at a law firm, government agency, corporation,
nonprofit organization, or any one of DePaul’s legal clinics.
“3YP
is a way to attract students, for sure, but it’s also just the right
thing to do,” says David Rodriguez, the program’s director and a
clinical instructor for the Poverty Law Clinic. "The first year out of
law school is baptism by fire, as new lawyers struggle to do the work.
It’s one thing to learn theory in the classroom, quite another to apply
it on-the-job, with real-world pressures, deadlines, and expectations.
Students who’ve done 3YP can hit the ground running after
graduation—they’ll be confident and competitive.”
Loop Campus25 E. Jackson Blvd.Chicago, IL 60604(312) 362-8701
2001-2014 DePaul University | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Emergency Plan | Consumer Information | Privacy StatementEditor Login6442 Crystal Dew Drive
MLS# 2069341
Description
This 2,034 square foot single family home features 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms and is situated on a 6,098 square foot (0.14 acre) lot.
It is located in the community of Spring Valley in Las Vegas on 6442 Crystal Dew Drive. The MLS number is 2069341 and the parcel number is 163-26-610-026.
This listing became available on 02-12-2019 and is currently for sale.
The full public address for this listing is 6442 Crystal Dew Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119.
The Details
The Neighborhood
The Numbers
Comparables - Single Family Homes
6442 Crystal Dew Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119 is a courtesy listing of Kimberly C Sm<<(09/04/2002)
At present and for some time to come the Cabot factory below town is
and will employ not less than twelve men and the wages will be from $1.25
to $2 a day. Small as this may seem, it amounts to some money annually.
In addition to this there are strong probabilities that there will be quite
an increase in the number. Grantsville made a wonderful mistake in
allowing this factory to go so far below town, but, with all, it is bound
to be a great factor in business circles.Love Notes
VeronicaI wanted to thank the wonderful ladies who helped me pick out honeymoon items. They were both very lovely and had excellent taste.I will be back again soon! - Veronica
DianeIt was the MOST enjoyable bathing suit shopping experience I have ever had! Many thanks to Holly, who was just superb. My whole family thought the suit looked great this past week in the Dominican Republic - and most important, I felt great in it. Thanks again - I will recommend you most enthusiastically. - Diane
LisaI would like to say yesterday was my second time shopping at your store and I would not consider buying my bras or swimsuits anywhere else. The associate that assisted me was absolutely flawless! Thank you! - Lisa
Send us your love notes at info@melmira.comAbout Pioneer
Pioneer Physicians Network is a network of independent physician practices located in the Greater Akron/Canton area. We are a network linked to a central shared business office offering access to a range of network-operated medical services.
Today our network has 50 board-certified primary care providers with specialties of Family Practice, Podiatry, Pediatrics and Internal Medicine. We are proud to be one of the largest Primary Care Independent Physician Networks in Northeast Ohio and proud to be recognized and accredited by the National Committee on Quality Assurance as a Level 3 Patient-Centered Medical Home.
As a physician-owned and physician-led organization our providers promise is to serve our community with cutting edge medical initiatives and superior medical staff and services. Now and in the future, Pioneer will continue to invest in the services that our patients need, while attracting respected physicians from throughout the region.
Our vision is to be “First in Health” for our patients and their families. Pioneer continues to expand providing a growing range of diagnostic and treatment options available to patients throughout our community. We see a bright future ahead and hope that you and your family will be a part of it.
Pioneer.
- The provision of consistently high quality medical care and the development of systems designed to ensure continued monitoring and evaluation of the care provided.
- To maintain convenient, patient-oriented health care services that are delivered with maximum efficiency, economy and timeliness, based on sound business principles.
- To deliver health care services with an emphasis on the personalized care approach, and one in which patients are treated with compassion, integrity, trust and dignity.
- The continual development and implementation of innovative practice techniques to improve the delivery of health care services.
- To develop information systems, linkages and management services in order to gain a competitive advantage in operational efficiency and cost: the extent of services and product lines will be based on changing needs and network requirements.
- To negotiate contracts and offer cost-effective, high quality services.
- To establish and maintain an environment that is conducive to education, research and training in order to appeal to patients, physicians and providers of care.
- The ability to maintain the positive attributes of a private practice, while supporting and recruiting physicians who share the philosophy of providing high quality and personalized care.
Pioneer Physicians Network does not exclude people or treat them differently because of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. Please click here to view our policy. Also click here to see our Notice of Privacy Practices.
Pioneer Quality
Quality is an integral part of Pioneer as we strive for continuous improvement for our patients.
Corporate and Social Responsibility
Pioneer has been embracing social responsibility in many ways and we have also been engaging our employees in several “sustainability” projects over the past year.
Our current efforts of Sustainability and Social Responsibility are in place today living through the primary mission of Pioneer Physicians Network. We are aligned to Corporate Responsibility initiatives through our support of local foundations such as the American Heart Association and the Arthritis Foundation; and, Akron Children’s Hospital Foundation.
The primary mission of Pioneer Physicians is to provide optimal, high quality medical care in a cost effective manner. We strive to be health care leaders and maintain the highest standards of professional practice in medical teaching, practice style and the implementation of management and primary care services to meet the changing delivery structures of the future in healthcare.
Pioneer commits to being advocates for our patients, families, and caregivers and to manage care by coordinating patient education, quality assessment and improvement and accessibility and accountability to our patients. With transparency and honesty we have engaged our patients and their families and at the same time have engaged our employees to “give back” to the community in a socially responsible manner.
There are many objectives which support our mission statement. Three objectives that stand strongly in alignment with our corporate responsibility initiatives are:
- To maintain convenient, patient-oriented healthcare services that are delivered with maximum efficiency, economy and timeliness based on sound business principle
- To develop information systems, linkages and management services in order to gain a competitive advantage in operational efficiency and cost: the extent of services and product lines will be based o changing needs and network requirements
- To establish and maintain an environment that is conducive to education, research and training in order to appeal to patients, physicians and providers of care
Pioneer Physician Network is leading the Northeast Ohio healthcare community in efforts for the continuous improvement through support of various community foundations and initiatives, and our active role as healthcare leaders. We are committed to responsible leadership in addressing the social, ethical and environmental issues that affect our organization and our office communities. This commitment aligns with our success which is a direct result of the effectiveness of our relationships with our various stakeholders such as shareholders, care team members, and most of all our patients.
We “give back” to the community through our serving of the “underinsured and working poor population”. The Pioneer clinicians and many of our clerical staff became some of the first volunteers to cover Faithful Servants Care Center, a 7 day a week free clinic. Heading from our day services at our private offices over to the clinic located in Tallmadge Ohio – our clinicians see patients each evening including Saturdays and Sundays. Our lab provides services and with a joint venture the local pharmacies who provide vouchers for medications.
A beneficial service we have been able to provide is access to several specialists in Orthopedics, Obstetrics, Gynecology, Optometry, and Dentistry who may provide services at no charge in their private offices upon referral.
The clinic started in 2012 through the donations of many volunteers and church support committees. Today we have over 300 clinical and clerical support staff. To be eligible for services the clinic accepts all age groups with minor, urgent and acute illnesses and injuries. Care is free to individuals with no insurance and income at or below 200% of poverty level.
One way that we realize a true community giveback with the clinic is through the Cost Savings to patients and the savings of the general costs of HealthCare. On a monthly basis, the clinic receives monetary support from donors and organizations for the following services – Bloodwork; Aerosol Treatments for Asthmatic patients; antibiotics, Diagnostics – especially MRI’s which are very expensive and also to cover the cost for a patient that might not be able to pay their bills – utilities may be covered for a day.
From Our Administrator
As one of the largest Primary Care Independent Physician Networks in Northeast Ohio, we are proud to be recognized and Accredited by the National Committee on Quality Assurance as a Level 3 Patient-Centered Medical Home.
Your family is our family and we promise to serve our community with cutting edge medical initiatives and superior medical staff and services! We strive to be “First in Health” for you – our patients and family!
Kathleen M. Kostelnick, FACMPE, EMBA
The Pioneer Admin Team
Lana Carrino, Director of Human Resources
Tieraney Hiner, Director of Accounting & Finance
Erica Kim, Laboratory Manager
Leanne Knight, Director of Health Informatics
Alex Sartori, Communications & Project Manager
Cindy Williams, Director of Clinical Operations
Patti Kraynack, Director of Care Coordination
Work For Pioneer
Pioneer Physicians Network, Inc. offers a dynamic working environment with opportunities for career development and advancement. In addition to exciting growth opportunities, we offer a comprehensive benefits/compensation package that includes generous medical, dental, and vision benefits, flexible spending account, 401(k) plans, life insurance options, and short-term/long-term disability benefits. Most employees are eligible for paid time off and holiday pay.
Pioneer is an equal opportunity employer and a company committed to diversity. We invite employment inquiries from all qualified candidates. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, we will hire only U.S. Citizens and Aliens lawfully authorized to work in the United States.
If you are interested in becoming part of our team, please mail, email or fax your resume and cover letter including salary requirements, in addition to the position you are applying for, to:
Pioneer Physicians Network, Inc.
Administrative Office
Attn: Human Resources
3515 Massillion Road Suite 300
Uniontown, OH 44685
Phone: (330) 899-9350 x 2023
Download Application
CLICK HERE to receive a printable application, download the PDF document, print and send to our Human Resources Department using the contact information listed on this page.I am what is known in the television industry as a “Predator.” It’s not a title that I would have chosen to describe what I do, but I didn’t get to pick. Someone else did. A predator is a one-man-band production team––a man with a camera and a microphone––sent out alone to cover a story. My union colleagues despise me for doing it but I have to admit it’s a pretty cool way to make a living, sometimes.
I used to think the shows I work on are cool. Groundbreaking documentaries and investigative reports are my kind of thing. But most of time, I just get called on to shoot cops as inserts in a reality TV show. I do that in Detroit because no one else wants to, or can afford to, or gives a damn about Detroit.
The Perp Walk
My first experience shooting cops was for a reality TV series on the anatomy of a crime. The police were moving a murderer from one jail cell to another and I was hired to shoot the perp walk. I was sent a camera, a description of the guy, and a phone number. My instructions were to call the phone number and meet up with a homicide detective who knew all about the case.
I was the only cameraman on the scene. Apparently catching a murderer in Detroit is not a real show stopper. Given the city’s ban on cameras in police stations and the limited amount of time I had to get the shot, the situation soon got sticky, indeed smelly. After a few days of incarceration, your typical murderer usually does not shower before a cell transfer and does not cotton to having a cameraman walk backwards in front of him showing his face to the world.
Most of the story had already been put together in New York so my assignment was two-fold: get one shot of this guy walking in or out of a building the public might think was a hospital described in the story and get another of him walking into a cop car or police station that would play for his arrest. I am probably not the first person to mention this, but a lot of reality TV is not real.
The garage of Detroit’s Police Headquarters looked just like the hospital that my bosses were looking for, and the front staircase was straight out of Hill Street Blues. All I had to do was wait. Sure enough, the homicide detective brought the suspect right out the front door and into the backseat of his squad car. Bam. Perp walk done. Check that off the list.
“You want me to do it again,” the officer asked. I did a double take. I didn’t know you get do-overs in reality TV. “Sure, if you have the time,” I said. At this point our murderer started to get concerned.
“What’s he doing with that camera?” he asked.
“Shut up and get out of the car,” the detective said.
I shuddered at the tone of his voice, but they went back over to the staircase and walked out again. I shot it a little differently than the first time, thinking the editor would appreciate the variety of shots. Before I could suggest we shoot his feet for cutaways, we were loading up and heading to the jail for his final processing.
My image of a squad car was always a big Crown Vic with bulletproof glass between the front and back seats. In Detroit, however, detectives are stuck with these little old Chrysler sedans, no glass and no elbow room. For the next 30 minutes, I found myself nose to nose with this killer and, let me reiterate, killers smell.
Killing Time
My bosses told me to get as much footage as I could so in the car I would periodically lift the camera up to shoot the perp from the front seat, and he just as quickly would pull his shirt collar up over his face in the back. We played this strange game all the way across town. When I put the camera down or turned to interview the detective, he would immediately drop his shirt. The minute I spun it back around, up it came.
Eventually we got to the jail house. The prisoner was led into a cell and processed. I was running out of time and still hadn’t gotten the other shot I knew that my producers where looking for. Instead, I found a vantage point where I could watch the suspect in custody.
With the blankest of stares on his face, he carefully pulled the laces from his shoes, then restrung them. There was no fear or remorse in his body. He was just bored. Through the jail bars, with slivers of daylight illuminating the cell, the shot screamed: “Bad dude. Lock him up.”
When I saw the completed show, it was clear the editor saw what I saw. He made it the final shot in the show. Sure enough, I got another call a few months later to shoot again. I was feeling pretty cocky that I was made for this hard-boiled crime stuff. But my second experience would only prove that I had a lot more to learn about the world of Detroit homicide and, in this case, a cold-blooded hitman..
The network bosses in New York called to tell me that Detroit homicide detectives had finally gotten the name of a person of interest in a show they were doing, and they wanted to get his arrest on tape. As in my first shoot, they had most of the show in the can, needing only the arrest to bring the piece to a crisp conclusion.
It’s not unusual for the associate producer making the assignment to ask for a ridiculous amount of hard to get footage. Most obviously have never been in a station house much less know how police in a cash strapped city like Detroit operate. “Get me a shot of the house he lives in, getting cuffed, being led into the police car, etc. You know, flashing lights, hands on guns, danger, that kind of stuff,” she said.
My contact in homicide was Officer Kelly Knox, a striking woman who was not happy to see me or the camera back at base. I tried to stay out of her way, but it’s hard to be inconspicuous. That’s one of the challenges of this predator thing, trying to remain invisible while hovering over your subject with a camcorder and headphones that make you look like a dorky borg.
After a quick introduction, I reached that always awkward moment when I have to put a microphone on my subject. “Excuse me, we haven’t ever met, but I’d like to stick this wire up through your bra and clip a mic to your lapel.” Try that for an icebreaker. Once that was out of the way, we jumped in her little beige Sebring and were off to the courthouse to get the arrest warrant signed.
Officer Knox had handled the original case, and she was seriously surprised to catch this break after nearly a year of silence on the streets. One of the two gunmen had been caught early on, but Lakari Berry, even though he was locked up for double murder, refused to rat out his accomplice. That “no snitch” thing that you hear about, well it’s the real deal on the streets of Detroit.
While we were driving to the court, I asked Knox a lot of questions about the case. Technically it was an interview since I was recording it on tape; but I was really just asking the questions that I personally was interested in.
What fascinates me in these cases is how important it is for police to have a name to go with a suspect. Witnesses can provide a detailed description, an artist’s sketch, even a photo of a guy, but without a name, the police rarely make any progress.
Karsia Rice was one of the shooting victims who miraculously survived two gunshots to the head. She saw the faces of the men who broke into her apartment and killed her two best friends. Without a name, however, police were stymied. The shooting wasn’t a botched burglary. There was no sexual assault. But there definitely was something more to these murders, something no one wanted to talk about.
For reasons she still doesn’t understand, Knox was sitting in her office one day when the phone rang and an anonymous voice gave her a name, Vincent Smothers. Like most criminals, he had a record and a mug shot. Knox showed the photo to the surviving victim. She identified him immediately, and Knox was now headed over to pick him up.
She left me in the car as she ran into the Frank J Murphy Hall of Justice to get the paperwork. Everything was going quite well from my perspective. I had a nice little interview, it was a sunny day, and we were on our way to arrest a murderer. When she returned to the car, Knox’s cell phone rang.
“Shit,” she said when she hung up. “FAST just hit the fuckin’ house and he wasn’t there. They thought they saw him coming out of his house and heading for a car, so they hit him! But it wasn’t Smothers, It was his brother. And I have the damned warrant right here! They didn’t even call me!”
F.A.S.T. is the Fugitive Apprehension Task Force of the Detroit police. Although the acronym isn’t really accurate, these guys usually are. Their job is to hunt down a suspect until they find him. Sometimes they will roll all weekend on a manhunt, but most of the time they get their man on the first try.
They had a “eye” on Smothers’ house––someone sitting in an unmarked care a block or so away––looking over the neighborhood before the warrant arrived. But someone jumped the gun, and that someone had just destroyed Knox’s case. Not only did they jump the chain of command by moving on a target before the warrant was signed, they pretty much lit up the neighborhood. If Vincent Smothers didn’t know that he was about to be got, he certainly did now. “Yeah, he’s long gone by now,” she said. “He’s out of town, and we are down on this one.”
The producers in New York were disappointed, but understanding. They suggested I keep the camera in case something came up. A few weeks went by. I kept in contact with Knox via email and a few phone calls. Each correspondence went the same way: she would call me if she heard anything. More weeks passed before my phone rang. It was Knox. Vincent Smothers was back on the radar.
A Hitman Confesses
Smothers fell into police hands not through any fancy police work but because he was picked up in a routine traffic stop up in Shelby Township. “They’re bringing him in right now,” Knox said.
“Is it cool if I come down?” I asked.
“Yeah, sure,” she said. “I’ll see you at the base.”
When I arrived at 11 o’clock on a Saturday night, the place was buzzing with cops; and more were coming in the door every minute. I set up my gear but couldn’t for the life of me find Knox. I went room to room and eventually stumbled into one where a few of the detectives I knew were listening in on the interrogation room through a computer.
On the screen was a pixelated profile of Smothers. He was sitting on the left side of the room behind a simple table. On the surface was what appeared to be some fast food take-out. There was a detective I didn’t recognize on the other side gently asking him questions that he was answering quite matter of factly.
Smothers had been in custody for just over an hour and already he was into confessing to his fifth murder. As the detectives around me watched in amazement, I tried to cover the scene with my camera. They all had pens and pads of paper and were feverishly writing down the street names, dates, and addresses that Smothers was rattling off.
They crowded closer to hear Smothers say: .”
“Holy shit!” one of the detectives said. “Did he just say I-75 and Davison? That’s the double with the two guys on the off ramp from Chicago. FUCK! That’s mine!”
He looked at me with all the excitement of a kid in a video arcade. “Dude,” he said, “this is like a movie. This guy is a straight up fucking hitman!”
The detectives knew that Smothers was not some crackpot who got his facts off a crimestopper webpage because he was giving up details that no one outside of this room knew: how many times a victim was shot, in what part of the body, what room, what gun, what car… the sort of thing only the trigger man knows.
As he recounted his exploits, he quietly sipped a Coke. A veteran on the force, Ernie Wilson, bumped me in the shoulder just as I finally found the right shot. “You want some coffee there cameraman? This is going to be a long one!” I thanked him for his courtesy (and cursed him for ruining the shot) then went back to shooting.
Smothers confessed to being hired by Detroit Police Sergeant Larry Cobb to kill his wife. Cobb left his wife in the car and went into a CVS, Smothers said, while he walked up to the car and shot her. The case had been categorized a random unsolved crime––until tonight.
“Reach out to S.R.T. (the Detroit SWAT team),” a detective said. “They gotta be the ones to bring Cobb in and let’s hope he puts up a fight.” I thought about my buddies in SWAT. At 2 AM on a Saturday night, they were going to get a call to bring in one of their own. God save Cobb.
A Raiding Party
It was now almost 4 AM and Kelly Knox was still waiting for her turn in the interrogation room. To get me off her back, she passed me off to a man called “Mozart” in the Violent Crimes unit. The Violent Crimes guys are a different kind of cop than the officers in Homicide: younger, bigger, and eager to get whatever they are told to find.
Smothers had given up an address on the east side of Detroit where he would stay from time to time. With a new warrant from the 24-hour judge, we assembled in the parking lot, ten guys in four cars and a full complement of shotguns, battering rams and bullet-proof vests.
The cops formed into a circle for a quick prayer. I shot it, God know why. And they did it, I swear. And we were off. I was assigned to Mozart’s car.
“This thing is always transmitting, right?” he asked after I pinned on his radio mic. “Like, you can hear what I’m saying the whole time I have this on?”
I gave him the predator’s standard, often-mumbled yes.
“You need a vest, don’t you? There is one behind this seat, get it on.” he said.
“Well I can hear you,” I said struggling with the contraption, “but I’m not always recording. I have to conserve tape.”
“Okay, so say I were to forget this thing is on, and that you are listening to what I’m saying, you know, like three hours from now, what happens?” I tried to shrug it off, but the Kevlar vest had my attention.
“Well, say I’m talking to my man over there and he tells me, thinking we are alone, he says under his breath ‘Shit dawg, she just would not shut up. I couldn’t take it anymore, so I shot the bitch, man. She’s dead, no one is gonna find that body’ or something to that effect. Now what would you do with that information?”
Mozart gave me a deadeye glare. My fumbling with the vest no longer protected me.
“Um, let me get back to you on that,” I said.
“You do that,” Mozart said. Then he picked up the radio. “Target house on left. Make ‘em hot, make ‘em hot!”
The Kidnap Kit
Mozart and the other three vehicles stopped in front of a non-descript two-story house. The cops jumped out forming a loose stack that flowed toward the front door with the ram and Halligan men in the front.
A SWAT team member once told me if a perp is going to shoot it out, he is going to shoot out the front windows of his house, “so you might want to avoid standing the front yard.” I found a good vantage point behind a tree just as they cracked the door open.
I could tell from the sound of the raid––and Mozart’s calm voice––that no one put up any resistance. There were only a couple of women and two small children in the house.
I am not legally allowed to step foot on the property with my camera, so I spent the next 45 minutes shooting through the windows and listening to Mozart on the radio mic as they searched every room.
The women admitted they knew Smothers, but denied that he stashed anything in the house. After about an hour of searching what looked to be a dry hole, one of the cops finally found a duffle bag under one of the children’s beds.
Inside was a set of handcuffs, a tattered bullet-proof vest, two .40 caliber pistols, a length of rope, and a cache of bullets. One of the cops opened the bag so I could shoot it. At the bottom, I saw strands of human hair twisted in the rope.
“I’ve never seen anything like this man,” the cop said. “This is a full-on kidnap kit, bro. Fuck! Look at that Glock.” He pointed to a well-polished pistol and holster. Smothers wasn’t just a hitman. He was a craftsman who took good care of his tools.
With all the footage I had of the raid, I still needed an official explanation of what just went down. Dawn was breaking. The police radio crackled with news that SRT had just arrested Cobb without a fight. I went up to Mozart with my camera rolling.
“So can you tell me what you found in there,” I asked.
He smiled at me and laughed. “Have you thought about my question? You still haven’t told me what you would do – if you caught me saying that?”
The Interrogation
Officer Knox was finally in the room with Smothers when I walked back into the squad bay. Hers was the seventh homicide he was confessing to. His expression hadn’t changed since he started talking. Their conversation looked like they were a happy couple at Denny’s talking about car insurance over a Sunday breakfast. Knox was smiling and patient. Smothers seemed almost bashful. She wrapped it up by getting a statement in his own words. It seemed to take an eternity, but it was a written confession, well worth the wait.
I caught up with Knox as she was shutting down her computer at her desk. She filed away the old artist’s rendering of Smothers. That was ancient history now. We were both exhausted, everyone was. It was almost noon. As we headed to our cars I asked her a few more questions for the camera, then I called my boss in New York to fill her in. She said she couldn’t wait to see the footage. I sent it off and went to bed. I had been on my feet for 28 hours, shooting, listening and trying to follow a story of serial killing unfolding before my very eyes.
The Aftermath
After the program aired, the network sent me a DVD of the show. The producers used all of 20 seconds from what I shot. I wasn’t surprised because the night spun off on a tangent far afield from the original case.
The story of Vincent Smothers, meanwhile, became embroiled in the perjury case against the former mayor of Detroit, Kwame Kilpatrick. One tangled arm of his confession indicated he may have been involved in the murder of a stripper named “Strawberry” who was previously assaulted by the Mayor’s wife.
Sgt. David Cobb was released almost as soon as he was arrested. Ten months later, Cobb was found hanged in a suburban park north of Detroit, an apparent suicide.
Smothers’ defense attorney, claiming he was coerced, tried to get his confessions thrown out. So far, no judge has agreed with him.
Smothers’ crime spree is just one thin vein of mayhem in a mountain of unsolved crimes in Detroit’s police files. Following his trail from one random killing to another just shows how hard it is keep the peace in a city like Detroit. But, hey, my job isn’t to solve the crimes. I just shoot the cops that do. watt maximum AC output, the P2000i is the perfect addition to your next camping trip, whether as your sole power source, or as a quieter and more fuel-efficient complement to your RV's onboard unit. Additionally, this generator is parallel capable, enabling 2 units to be connected together for even more output when needed.
54dB @ 25% Rated - (62dB - Rated Load)
Decibels dB(A) measured outdoors at 7 meters from control panel.Gain access to a list of prospect companies (and their executives) with related activities or localities
Company information Dinoo Plastics (Pvt) Ltd
Presentation
Manufacturers of Plastic Injection Moulded Goods,Carrier Bag Grips,Gratings for Swimming Pools,Bottle Caps,Anti Wave Lane Ropes for Swimming Pools.
General Information
Banks
- Seylan Bank, Commercial Bank
Associations
- Chamber of Commerce
Import
Key figures Dinoo Plastics (Pvt) Ltd
Employees
On site
10-19 Employees
Executives Dinoo Plastics (Pvt) Ltd
Executive information
Mr Daya Wakista
Managing Director
Activities Dinoo Plastics (Pvt) Ltd
Main activities
- Producer
- Distributor
- Service provider
Secondary activities
- Producer
- Distributor
- Service provider
- Plastic products for the building industry
- Flooring, roofing and wall coverings, plastic, for the building industry
- Handles and knobs, plastic
- Bottles and packaging tubes, plastic
- Seals, closures and caps, plastic
- Seals, closures and caps, plastic, by use
- Sanitary ware, plastic
- Household articles, plastic
- Plastic products for the food and beverage industry
- Plastic products for the chemical, pharmaceutical and cosmetic industries
- Plastic covers
- Wholesale tradeStudent clubs engage younsters at Salinas airshow STEM Runway
Publish Date:
Sep 28, 2018
Members of Hartnell’s STEM-related clubs and Advanced Diesel Technology program shared hands-on science, health and technology experiences with Salinas-area kids on Sept. 28-29 as part of STEM Runway activities during the California International Airshow Salinas.
During the morning sessions, they hosted students from Salinas-area schools who received transportation, breakfast, lunch and a Hartnell-branded string backpack. Throughout the afternoon, Hartnell students engaged students in experiments, games and other learning opportunities.A lot of times in the work that we do at the Council we preface our comments, blogs or presentations with the words, “it’s complicated”. The Syrian refugee crisis is complicated. Immigration reform is complicated. Climate change is complicated. And it is. History is complicated and so are people’s motives and interpretations. However, often that becomes code for, “so I’m not going to do anything about it.” In a recent, tragic example the choice not to indict the officers who shot and killed 13-year-old Tamir Rice was described as a “difficult decision” based on a series of actions representing a “perfect storm of human error, mistakes and miscommunication.” In other words, it was complicated.
I am not able to uncomplicate history and politics but I can preach the Gospel.
I can look at Matthew’s telling of the coming of the Magi and realize that the Magi had a difficult choice to make. Do they tell Herod where the baby is? The Magi are forced to make hard decisions with less than full information and with no preparation while in a foreign land where they were hardly inconspicuous. Complicated? Definitely. Hard? Absolutely. Scary? Unquestionably. Excuse for doing nothing? Absolutely not.
While we would like to believe that we live in a time different from that of King Herod, we still face complicated problems and corrupt leadership. I find it tragically ironic that the Tamir Rice verdict falls the same week as the lectionary text of the Magi visiting Jesus, and Herod’s consequent slaughtering of the innocents. There is no more justice today than there was thousands of years ago. There is no justice when people receive a minimum wage instead of a living wage. There is no justice when we deprive people of health care because we are afraid of “socialized medicine.” There is no justice when we deny rising temperatures and sea levels even though it was the warmest Christmas Eve on record. There is no justice in a judicial system when identical crimes lead to different sentences. There is no justice when those who are called to protect and serve murder innocents.
We respond to injustice in the same way that the Magi responded to Herod. We won’t tell him where the baby is, and we will oppose him as best we can by whatever peaceful means necessary. The Magi point to the star – the star points to Jesus and Jesus points to the poor, the marginalized, and the oppressed.
January 6 is Epiphany. We celebrate the light that shines in the darkness that led the Magi to the baby, and this baby grew up to become the Light of the world. Jesus’ love conquers all so that we do not have to hide our light for fear of the Herods of our time, who are real, and powerful, but whose tyranny in the end is an illusion. It is my prayer that one day the light of truth, of respect, of dignity, of radical acceptance and of justice will shine for the entire world to see.Hi all im new to this and im looking for advice to get started to get connected to the wugg what all equipment do i need i do got a 2.4m satellite dish installed running c bandwidth but i do not know anything about this some help will be appreciated thanks
howsit buddi,
did you manage to plot your node on wind and get test kit to do a scan ? what area are you from ?
No i haven't bought anything yet im from cape Town Athlone area Surrey estate what area are you from will it be possible if i could add you on whatsapp
@Hishaam Plot your node .We can take from there .
Hi,
See below links -- information giving here around how to create node on wind and how to check who you could possibly connect to. Please create node on wind and post your node name. - Test kit one can book out to see who you can potentially connect to.(Plot your node on wind first)
Regardsrmx
Here is a guy a road away from me i think i should go and ask him if i could conect to him what area are you guys from
Follow the links above and plot your node .Respond here with node name and number
im from belhar however i try assist new guys outside of my area aswell.you come right bro? last wugger i assisted to create node cause he didnt have stable internet. not sure if its the case. let us know
Hell pop around in the weekDave Dickerson, former head coach at Tulane, has been added to the Big Ten Champion Ohio State men’s basketball staff as an assistant coach, head coach Thad Matta announced Monday. His appointment begins immediately.
 led the squad to four-consecutive opening-round wins in the Conference USA Tournament to start his tenure. Sixteens, two Final Fours and one National Championship in 2002, and eight 20-win seasons..Free AVG LinkScanner provides Real-time protection against online threatsAVG LinkScanner is a free tool released by AVG which checks URL’s for threats when you click them. It works in real time and guards you from dangerous sites. If it sees trouble ahead, it stops you. It’s quick and easy to install, runs smoothly alongside with security software.
Key Features:
-.
If you don’t like to download this software, then you must see our post on Online tools to check if a website/blog is safe to browse ?
Recent CommentsVideo Graphics Array is an analog video device connection standard commonly used to connect computers to monitors prior to the Digital Visual Interface connection standard. VGA does not feature any proprietary versions of the connection ports: the standard only uses one type of male and one type of female connector. VGA should only be used when a digital standard is not available to ensure the best image quality on high-resolution screens.
VGA Female Connector
Female VGA connectors are usually found on the video devices. The female port handles the video-signal transmission and reception for the device sending the video signal and the device receiving the signal respectively. Computer monitors, computer video adapters, laptops and projectors may feature female VGA connectors. Female VGA connectors feature three rows of five pin sockets on an upside-down trapezoid. Female VGA connectors typically have a blue face color, but may be black or another color depending on the device. The connectors may also feature two bolt sockets on opposite sides of the port to secure a cable in place.
VGA Male Connector
VGA male connectors are usually found on VGA connector cables. Because devices feature female connectors, both sides of the cable feature male VGA ports. Male VGA connectors feature three rows of five pins within an upside-down trapezoid socket. The male VGA connector recedes to let the pins completely enter the female socket without leaving any metal exposed. Male VGA connectors usually feature a blue colored plug that may have two built-in bolts that can be used to secure the cable when connected to a female connector.
VGA BNC Connector
Some VGA-compatible devices use BNC connectors instead of the standard female VGA cables. BNC connectors split the VGA signal into five separate channels. According to PC Magazine, BNC connectors are used on devices that require a tight connection. BNC connectors appear circular with a single pin on the male cable end and a single socket on the female side. The cable's slot slides over the female connectors pin to lock the cable in place. VGA BNC cables will have a male VGA connector on one side and five BNC male connectors on the other.
DVI-to-VGA Converters
The DVI connection standard superseded VGA, but some DVI video output devices have built-in backwards compatibility with VGA displays. Devices equipped with analog DVI can be converted into VGA; the feature was designed to ease the migration to DVI process. A female DVI port can be used as a female VGA port by attaching a male DVI-to-female VGA adapter. The male-to-male VGA connector cable can be used with a DVI connector through the adapter. The adapter will not work with digital-only DVI ports.
References
- PC Magazine Encyclopedia: Definition of: VGA
- PC Magazine Encyclopedia: Definition of: BNC Connector
- PC Magazine Encyclopedia: Definition of: Definition of:DVI
- Computer Hope Jargon: VGA
- Cnet: HDMI vs. DisplayPort vs. DVI vs. VGA: Which Connection to Choose?
- Extron Electronics: 15-pin HD Male to BNC Female Mini High Resolution Cables
Photo Credits
- Hemera Technologies/AbleStock.com/Getty ImagesIn the memory of Colin McRae
Subaru Imprezza 22B STI by Tomica Premium.
Took some more random shots of my favorite Tomica Premium Subaru Impreza 22B STI.
Subaru Imprezza 22B STI by Tomica Premium.
Some indoor shots of my Matchbox Premium Mercedes C Class DTM Race Car.
Hi everyone, here’s my recent buy - the much awaited Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution 8 by Welly NEX in red, from a Bulgarian seller on eBay.
Perfect bright n sunny afternoon to shoot my 2 Matchbox Fords - Escort RS Cosworth and RS 200.
Here’s my Team Mercedes ///AMG - 190E by Microchamps in 1:64, those from Team Zakspeed and Berlin 2000 DTM along with Mercedes W203 and W204 from Norev and Matchbox.
Just snapped my Matchbox Mercedes C Class W204 side by side the newly bought Norev C Class W203.
Hi all, so excited to get this marvel. Searched all around the internet, never found any in the Advan livery. This is truly a beautiful piece!! I believe my pics are the only organic ones of the Advan livery. What do you think? Also posting a 1:1 scale pic of the car.
Picked it up yesterday, a peg find at a local mall, the casting really looked promising.
Matchbox Jurassic World 1993 Jeep Wrangler YJ - Open Top and Soft Top
One of my most favorite castings - the Initial D famed Mitsubishi Lancer GSR Evo-III aka the “Emperor”!!
Toyota LCs - BJ40 and FJ40
Did some experiments with lensflare.. How’s the Output?Open Day - Kiama Masonic Lodge
Details
This is a public open day where visitors can learn a bit about Freemasonry and see inside a Masonic Lodge room. The original building was completed in 1876, is registered on the NSW State Heritage Register and is one of the only buildings of it's type in Kiama which is still in use. Lodge Kiama No.35 has been meeting continuously in this building since 1909.
At 10am, we will present a cheque for $10,000 from the Lodge Kiama & Masonicare to the Hitchens Family. The Hitchens family wish to personally thank all those who donated and assisted in their efforts to raise the $20,000 needed to purchase an assistance dog for their 6 year old son Chev. The total amount needed has been raised and deposited with Smart Pups. We believe that Smart Pups are in the process of selecting the next group of pups for training and that one of those will be for Chev. The training takes around 14 months.
Attached is a photo of the Hitchens family taken in the hall at the Kiama Masonic Centre. Chev is the boy in the black tee shirt, his father, David, his mother, Melissa, older brother (standing) and two younger brothers.
There will also be a free sausage sizzle.Batavia Downs Gaming officials urge "level playing field" to provide governments more revenue
Officials from Batavia Downs Gaming delivered a big check to the Erie County Comptroller's office on Wednesday. They also delivered a message that their checks to local communities could be larger, if Governor Cuomo would level the tax playing field for the Western New York facility.
The check presented to Erie County, totaling $545,984, represents a quarterly payment from revenues generated at the Genesee County casino. Batavia Downs Gaming, which is owned by 15 counties and two cities including Buffalo, is the only municipally-owned gaming facility in Western New York.
It is also, according to its executives, the highest-taxed among gaming centers in the region.
"We all own a casino. And you, as the taxpayers, have the highest tax rate," said Mike Nolan, chief operating officer at Batavia Downs Gaming. "Business owners have a better rate than you as a taxpayer."
Officials at the casino say if the state were to level the tax playing field, their contributions to communities would increase. The quarterly check delivered to Erie County, said Batavia Downs Gaming president and chief executive officer Henry Wojtaszek, would include an additional $400,000 or more.
"It's been critical funding for a lot of these places, especially in this time of a really tough tax environment, an environment where the Senecas have stopped paying municipalities for their role relative to the gaming facilities," Wojtaszek said, referring to the Seneca Nation's claim that they have fulfilled financial obligations under their casino compact with New York State.
Speakers took aim directly at Governor Andrew Cuomo, saying the State Legislature has acted to create fair taxing only for Cuomo to veto the measure.
"If the Governor was serious about helping local economies and local governments do things better, he would pass this legislation. He would sign it, because it's a no-brainer," said Erie County Legislature Majority Leader Joseph Lorigo. "It would give us double the money, Maybe it's not the big flashy check or the Buffalo Billion, but it's a lot of money. Going from two million dollars a year to four million dollars a year would make a huge difference in Erie County."
Comptroller Stefan Mychajliw explained that the revenues delivered by Batavia Downs will go into the county's general fund and be distributed to dozens of destinations.
"Over 74 cultural agencies receive grants under $10,000 and that includes senior centers, youth groups, arts groups, theaters and even our Veterans' Office. The entire budget for our Veterans' Office is $95,000," Mychajliw said. "You can see the significant investment from Batavia Downs goes very far for taxpayers in Erie County."
Casino officials offered some hope that they may still be able to get the "level playing field" they seek.
"We're working with folks in Albany to accomplish this," Wojtaszek said.What would you say?
Momenteel ben ik bezig met het schrijven van een Engels boek over progressiegericht werken. De vraag wanneer er een boek in het Engels zou verschijnen kwam in de loop der jaren steeds weer op me af. Internationale Business Schools en trainers, managers, coaches en docenten in een Engelstalige omgeving die de progressiegerichte aanpak benutten in hun werk, gaven aan dat ze het prettig vonden als er Engelstalige boeken beschikbaar zouden zijn.
Het boek gaat in op de theorie van progressiegericht werken, progressiegerichte basisinterventies, progressiegericht coachen, progressiegericht leidinggeven, progressiegericht lesgeven en trainen en biedt een checklist met progressiegerichte interventies. Een klein stukje uit het boek in wording gaat zo:
Please meet Sally, Julia and Mark. Sally is a self-employed coach and she coaches managers and professionals who have work related issues. Julia is a manager in a rehabilitation centre and she is responsible for several Units, such as the Speech Therapy Unit. Mark is a teacher at a secondary school and he teaches English to teenagers. Even though Mark, Sally and Julia work in very different environments, they have one thing in common; they have lots of conversations with other people.
Sally talks with clients who turn to her for help. Julia talks with coordinators of the several Units she is responsible for and with patients, family members, other managers, her boss. Mark talks with students, parents and colleagues. Most days all three of them conduct crucial conversations in which important topics are discussed and addressed.
Sally, the coach, had an unpleasant experience last week. During a session with Jim, one of her clients, she began to develop a suspicion that he might have marital problems. It was not so much what he said, but she just sensed it. Jim had asked for her help in making a career decision. They had spoken five times and up till that point Jim hadn’t made a lot of progress. He was still doubtful; stay where he was or move on to something else. Sally felt he was being evasive and undecisive out of fear for the unknown. She decided to share her intuition with him and told him: ‘This is our fifth session together and you keep on repeating the same things to me. You tell me you don’t know whether to stay in your current job or move on to do something you find more interesting. You then leave our sessions with a clear idea about what you want to do, but the next time we talk nothing has happened and you’re back at square one. I am going to share my intuition with you, if that’s ok. I feel that you are being evasive and undecisive because deep down you have a very low self-esteem and you’re afraid to make a choice because you might not succeed. My intuition also tells me there is something not quite right between you and your wife, so I wonder if there is something wrong in your relationship? ‘Jim had smiled politely but had clearly closed down. He cut their session short, indicating he needed some time to think. He said he didn’t know if he’d be coming back but would let her know.
Suppose you were Sally. What would you have said to Jim?
Julia really struggles with the Speech Therapy team. The coordinator of the team and the individual team members often come to her with their work issues and complain about each other to her. They constantly tell her their workload is too much and they ask for more time and more staff when they know there just isn’t any budget left. Julia had a team meeting which went badly. The coordinator of the team, Gillian, had yet again asked Julia for a bigger budget and the team members complained they didn’t feel heard by Julia. Julia had told them that they had to treat two new patients as well as the patients that were already scheduled in and that complaining about it wouldn’t change the fact that these patients needed their help! She had continued by saying: ‘It’s been four years now of continuous complaints about the work pressure and you constantly ask for more money, more staff, more means and more time to do the work. I am fed up with it! Please just grow up and get on with your work, instead of putting all your efforts in telling me I don’t hear you and making complaints about your colleagues behind their backs!’ There was dead silence after this angry outburst and the team had left the room after the meeting with tears in their eyes. Julia knew she had some damage repair to do and she went home feeling emotionally drained.
Imagine you had been Julia. What would you have said in this meeting?
The other day, Mark, the teacher, had a bad experience with a few of his thirteen-year-old pupils. He had just closed the class room door and had started to give the kids their test results back, when four boys entered. They were late and not for the first time. Mark said: ‘Oi, go to the school office to get a late slip, all four of you!’ The four boys protested and started to explain why they were late, but Mark didn’t want to have any of it and didn’t listen. He repeated, a little louder this time: ‘I am not interested in your reason for being late, I want you to leave the class room and ask for a late slip. Now, off you go!’ The boys left the class room angrily and it took them a full ten minutes to return with their late slips. This time, a member of staff was accompanying the boys He said: ‘I just thought I’d come with these lads. Someone accidently locked these boys up in a room during lunch time, so they really couldn’t get out and that’s why they were late’. Chris, one of the four boys, said loudly: ‘Yes, so that’s why we were late, and you didn’t want to listen to us! It’s not fair!’ Mark got very annoyed by the tone in Chris’s voice. He said, sounding very tough: ’It’s not about the reason why you were late, it’s about the way you talked back when I said you had to ask for a late slip! You don’t talk to me that way, do you understand me!’ The staff colleague quickly left, whilst Chris said: ‘What do you mean, keep calm please!’ That was it. Mark looked Chris straight in the eyes and ordered: ‘That’s enough, Chris! Go to the Heads’ office right now!’ Chris left the room, banging the door behind him. The other three boys sat down and half an hour after the lesson had started, they could finally join in. Chris missed out on the entire lesson and the tension between Mark and Chris had only worsened.
Imagine yourself in Mark’s position. What would you have said? How would you have handled the situation?
2 Comments
Wat nuttig, Gwenda! Ik ga het Engelse boek zeker kopen ter zijner tijd. Ik werk veel met internationale studenten en een Engels boek zal helpen om progressiegerichte vragen en interventies meer te oefenen en te gebruiken tijdens gesprekken in het Engels!
In september is het boek er, Mirjam!SECONDHAND PUB EQUIPMENT
The Best Place To Buy Or Sell Secondhand Furniture, Coolers, Glasses, Bars And Decor
High Poseur Upholstered Seating Unit - Essex
Description.
Click on this link to see all items from this seller
Delivery notesCollect from
Hallrose Contract Furniture Ltd
Unit 5
Eldon Way
Hockley, Essex
SS5 4AD
Delivery can be arranged, cost dependant on location and quantity
Contact notesHallrose Contract Furniture Ltd
T / 01702562017
E / Sales@hallrose.Issue 1 of What Secure People Know
Perhaps you could start by thanking yourself for taking the time for this course. Yes, it may feel a bit silly to thank yourself. But merely by choosing this course, you have taken the first step toward a more compassionate attitude to yourself. You have already taken the most important step: identifying that you are not always very kind to yourself.
The aim of this course is to offer you some important insights about how the heck those secure people manage to stand still when the storm comes. By training your mind to be more forgiving and compassionate, you can hopefully experience less stress and suffering in life. A positive side effect is that you may become more empathetic to others as well.
The course that you have now started will cover:
- Facts about why we, as humans, are prone to being overly self-critical;
- Information about emotions and the purpose they serve;
- Some insights about how your upbringing and emotional baggage influence how you deal with difficult situations today;
- Guidance in how to think when you want to set your mind to “self-soothing mode”;
- Tools that you can use if you want to train your ability for self-compassion.
Today’s exercise
What is it that characterizes those really secure people? The ones who always treat themselves and others with consideration and calm, no matter what. It could be a coworker who can deal with criticism without feeling put down or a friend who throws himself or herself on the dance floor or goes on dates without fearing rejection. Someone who shows up unprepared and gives a no-more-than-passable presentation without ruminating over it later.
Think about someone in your life, or a public figure, who stands out in this regard. Keep this person in mind throughout the course.
For example: “A friend of mine comes to mind – someone who has never been afraid of taking risks. She has ended relationships once they have gone stale. Changed jobs when she has felt like taking on a new challenge, even if that has meant less security and less money. She rarely complains about her performance when we work out together”.
Advanced level: Call this person and ask how they are doing. Explain that you perceive him or her as particularly secure, and ask what their secret is. Who knows, perhaps they can offer some concrete advice. Either way, you have paid them a compliment!AS A REVIEWER OF ICNST:
1. One to three papers maybe assigned to you to review.
2. You can enjoy reduced rate on registration fee.(Click)
3. Your name will be put on the conference website as one of the Technical Committees.
4. Qualified Technical Committee will be invited to serve the same position or Program Chairman of the forthcoming conferences;
5. You may propose to be the invited/plenary speakers for future conference.
6. Detailed benefit and duty of ICNST 2019. (Click)
REVIEWER REQUIREMENTS:
1. Title required: Full professor, Assoc. professor, Senior lecturer.
2. Character defined: sincere, responsible, confident, positive attitude towards joining/ assisting with review papers.
APPLICATION METHOD:
1. Please send the Curriculum Vitae to conference email address (icnst@cbees.net) for application. The conference secretary will send you the application form to fill if the conference organization finds you are qualified to be the reviewer.
2. Application form download. (Click)
Any further question, please feel free to contact icnst@cbees.netMarriage is suppose to be a partnership. If you have a bad day, lean on the other person to get through it. Your better half might surprise you and offer words of wisdom. In many cases, we just need to vent. Active listening is the best trait anyone can achieve.
What I have noticed is that’s it’s ok for her to feel insecure, say crazy things, or be emotional for absolutely no reason at all, but…….I cannot!!!!
One of my Citadel classmates said it best… “she is always right even when she is not.”
I love my wife more than my own life, and I will always put her first. I had a lot of growing up to do a couple years ago, but her arms are the best place on earth. We make a great team, and we have a great partnership.
In the end, some times you have to pick your battles. Be careful in your words and actions. Always strive for a better partnership.St. Francis Xavier University is a primarily undergraduate university located in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, Canada. It is a member of the Maple League, a group of primarily undergraduate universities in Eastern Canada.
YouTube Encyclopedic
-
- 1/5Views:66 3412 52033 9431 732330
-
- ✪ St. Francis Xavier HD
- ✪ St. Francis Xavier Statue Installed
- ✪ St. Francis Xavier - MTV's Best University in Canada
- ✪ Fun Time With FRIENDS! StFX Homecoming
- ✪ St. Francis Xavier University - Success Story
Transcription
Contents
History] On May 7, 1866, St. Francis Xavier College was given university status, becoming St. Francis Xavier University..[6]
In 1894, the academy affiliated with St. Francis Xavier University as Mount St. Bernard College. In 1897, the school became the first co-educational Catholic university in North America to grant degrees to women. Four women were awarded university degrees in 1897.[5]
A metal plaque in the St. Francis Xavier University Chapel is dedicated to the thirty-three members of the college, now St. Francis Xavier University, who were killed in service during the First World War (1914–18)..[8]
StFX’s extension department has engaged in community development in Antigonish since 1928 while the Coady International Institute at StFX has engaged in community development globally since 1959.[9]
A metal plaque, unveiled on 5 May 1984, was dedicated by the university's Class of 1984, in honour of those students killed in armed conflict while defending the liberty of Canadians.[10]
In 1985 the number of women students at St. Francis Xavier became equal to the number of men for the first time. In 1990, the women's college existed as a residence only.[3]
In the early 20th century, professional education expanded beyond the traditional fields of theology, law and medicine. Graduate training based on the German-inspired American model of specialized course work and the completion of a research thesis was introduced.[11] The policy of university education initiated in the 1960s responded to population pressure and the belief that higher education was a key to social justice and economic productivity for individuals and for society.[11]
The St. Francis Xavier tartan was designed as a university tartan in 1994.[12]
In 1996 StFX implemented Canada’s first Service Learning program, which provided opportunities for international learning.[9]
On March 21, 2014, the Board of Governors announced Kent MacDonald as incoming president of StFX, to assume office on August 1, 2014.[13]
Academics
Profile
Maclean's Magazine has ranked St. Francis Xavier as the top "Primarily Undergraduate" university in Canada for five consecutive years (2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006). The university has also ranked first in alumni support for the period 2001–06.[14] In 2007, Maclean's changed the criteria of the "Primarily Undergraduate", resulting in St. Francis Xavier placing third in the category.[15] In early 2009, Maclean's reported that St. Francis Xavier students ranked first in choosing to return to their current institution among other categories.[16]
Between the years 2000 and 2004, more St Francis Xavier students, on a per capita basis, have received Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC) awards for post-secondary study than any other university in Canada.[17]
Faculties and programs Richard Nemesvari, the Dean of Science is Petra Hauf, the Dean of Business is Tim Hynes, and the Dean of Education is Jeff Orr.[18]
The university offers also graduate programs leading to Master of Arts (M.A. Celtic Studies), Master of Science (M.Sc.) and Master of Education (M.Ed.) degrees.
Scholarships and bursaries
St. Francis Xavier offers over $2 million annually in merit-based scholarships and financial aid to its new and current undergraduates. Applicants with a Grade 12 average of at least 85% are automatically guaranteed an entrance scholarship worth at least $5000 ($1250 each year for four years), and at least $7,000 for those with Grade 12 averages above 90% ($1750 each year for four years). Applicants are also automatically considered for larger merit-based scholarships ranging from $12,000 to $32,000 (Merit, Phillip W. Oland, J.P. McArthy, Canadian, President's).[19]%.[20]
Student life.
Students' Union.
Residence life
Approximately 50% of students (90% of first-year students) at St. Francis Xavier live on-campus in the university's traditional residences or apartment-style housing. Usually, students in first and second years live in traditional residences, where social life is very active, while students in second and third a contract with Sodexo, serving food and conference meals at facilities on campus.[21]
- Mount Saint Bernard (renovated in 2015)
- MacIsaac Hall (renovated in 2005)
- O'Regan Hall (completed in 2013)
- Riley Hall (completed in 2013)
Apartment-style housing at St. Francis Xavier:
- Somers and Power Halls (completed in 1998-99)
- Governors Hall (completed in 2006)
X-Ring
St. Francis Xavier University ceremonially awards to students a distinctive X-Ring. The ring is awarded on December 3 (Saint Francis Xavier's feast day) of each year before the students' graduation. On average, more than 95% of the graduating class opt for the ring." (What so ever things are true).[23]
Past honorary X-Ring recipients:
- 2018 - Jeff Orr
- 2017 - Roy Rasmussen
- 2016 - Neil Maltby
- 2014 - Francis Juurlink
- 2013 - Steven Baldner
- 2012 - Ramsay Duff
- 2011 - Angela M. Kolen
- 2010 - Werner Schnepf
- 2009 - Mitch Hudson
- 2008 - Mary McGillivray
- 2007 - Winston Jackson
- 2006 - Ed Carty
- 2005 - Doug Hunter
- 2004 - Kenny Farrell
- 2003 - Hubert Spekkens
- 2002 - Ron Johnson
- 2001 - Mary Lillian MacDonald
- 2000 - John Beaton
- 1999 - The Rev. Paul MacNeil
- 1998 - David Bunbury
- 1997 - Audrey Forrest
- 1994 - John MacPherson
- 1990 - Joan Dillon
Campus renewal
Since Riley was named president in 1996, the university has undergone a $230 million campus renewal initiative to improve educational and residential opportunities throughout campus. To date, the initiative has seen the completion of eleven large-scale projects.[24]
- The creation of the Brian Mulroney Institute of Government was announced in October 2016. The project includes a $40 million capital investment as well as $20 million in endowment funds for the institute.[25] Named after former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, an alumnus of the university, the centre will be the first of its type at a primarily undergraduate university in Canada dedicated to issues of public policy and governance.
- Riley Hall (2014) and O'Regan Hall (2013). Named in honour of the university's former president (1996-2014), Sean Riley,[26] as well the late Paul O’Regan and Stephen O’Regan, founders of O’Regan’s Automotive Group, the new buildings each house over 150 students feature a mix of single and apartment-style rooms. In 2015, the new residences were ranked best university residences in Canada by UniversityHub.[27]. Each building is heated and cooled by using 26 geothermal wells, and is designed to be LEED Gold Certified for energy efficiency.[28]
-.[29]
-.[30]
-.[31]
-.[32].[33] In 2010, the X-Women captured gold again in the CIS Championship held at Trent University in Peterborough, Ontario, after capturing their 14th consecutive AUS Championship. On November 4, 2012, the X-Women won gold again at the CIS Championship held in Antigonish, Nova Scotia.
X Alumnus Eric Gillis (2003 CIS Cross Country Champion) competed in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, 2012 London Olympics, and the 2016 Rio Olympics, placing 10th in the marathon.
Post-stamp.[34]
Noted faculty
- Louis Groarke, Professor of Philosophy
- Edward Langille, Professor of Modern Languages
- Lavinia Stan, Associate Professor of Political Science
- William Sweet, Professor of Philosophy
Noted alumni
- at Beijing 2008, London 2012, and Rio 2016
-
- Ghislaine Landry, Olympic rugby player at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
-
- Mark Norris, Former Minister of Economic Development in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta 2001-2004
- Seamus O'Regan, former co-host of CTV's morning television programme, Canada AM, MP for St. John's South—Mount Pearl.
- Daniel Petrie, American-based Canadian television and movie director
- Ed Picco, Former politician in Nunavut 1995-2008
- Lisa Raitt, Member of Parliament (2008–present), Halton, former federal Minister of Transport.
- John Ralston, Canadian actor
- Geoff Regan, Member of Parliament for Halifax West, Nova Scotia, Speaker of the House of Commons.
- Mike Smith, Canadian actor ("Bubbles" on the Trailer Park Boys)
- P.J. Stock, former NHL player and Montreal sports radio broadcaster
- Annette Verschuren, Canadian businessperson, President of The Home Depot Canada and Asia
- Michael Walker, economist, founder of the Fraser Institute
- Sam Webb, leader of the Communist Party USA, 2000-2014
- Currie Dixon, Yukon Legislative Assembly Member 2011-
-, and Mike McCullough.
Seamus O'Regan, broadcast journalist, television host, MP for St. John's South—Mount Pearl.
Linden MacIntyre, journalist, broadcaster and novelist.
Amanda Lindhout, humanitarian, journalist and author.
-
Alistair MacLeod, novelist, short-story writer and academic.
Akeem Foster, professional Canadian football wide receiver for the Edmonton Eskimos.
Lisa Raitt, Member of Parliament (2008–present), former federal Minister of Transport.
The Honourable Rodney MacDonald, former Premier of Nova Scotia.
Colin MacDonald, lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the rock group The Trews.
Angus Lewis MacDonald, federal Minister of Defence for Naval Services during World War II.
Eric Gillis, Canadian Olympic runner.
Geoff Regan, Speaker of the House of Commons.
John Allan Cameron, "The Godfather of Celtic Music" in Canada.[35]
John Keiller MacKay, Lieutenant Governor of Ontario, 1957-1963.
Mike Smith, Canadian actor ("Bubbles" on the Trailer Park Boys).
Ronald J. MacDonald, Olympic runner, Boston Marathon Champion in 1898.
Sam Webb, leader of the Communist Party USA, 2000-2014.
-
-
Tyrell Vernon, Canadian professional basketball player.
Histories
- Tompkins, Jimmy (1921). Knowledge for the people : a call to St. Francis Xavier's College, Antigonish, N.S. OCLC 71768301.
- Cameron, James (1996). For the People: A History of St. Francis Xavier University. Montreal: McGill-Queen's University Press. ISBN 077351385X. OCLC 243586957.
See also
- Antigonish Movement
- Higher education in Nova Scotia
- List of universities in Nova Scotia
- Canadian Interuniversity Sport
- Francis Xavier Plessis
References
- ^ StFX President Riley's Contract Extended To 2011 Archived 2009-02-21 at the Wayback Machine, St. Francis Xavier University Media Room
- ^ "Full-time plus Part-time Enrollment" (PDF). Association of Atlantic Universities. 2016-10-01. Retrieved 2017-01-20.
- ^ a b St. Francis Xavier University, Encyclopedia of Music in Canada
- ^ The Project Gutenberg EBook #6466 of 'The Intellectual Development of the Canadian People, A historical review' by John George Bourinot, House of Commons, Ottawa, February 17, 1881
- ^ a b Pound, Richard W. (2005). 'Fitzhenry and Whiteside Book of Canadian Facts and Dates'. Fitzhenry and Whiteside.
- ^ Henry Frederick Busch (architect)
- ^ "St Francis Xavier University Chapel memorial (World War One): Memorial 12007-064 Antigonish, NS". National Inventory of Canadian Military Memorials. Veterans Affairs Canada. Retrieved 5 January 2017.
- ^ "St Francis Xavier University War Memorial Rink: Memorial 12007-103 Antigonish, NS". National Inventory of Canadian Military Memorials. Veterans Affairs Canada. Retrieved 5 January 2017.
- ^ a b "Saint Francis Xavier University". Archived from the original on 2014-08-22.
- ^ "St Francis Xavier University memorial plaque (1984): Memorial 12007-066 Antigonish, NS". National Inventory of Canadian Military Memorials. Veterans Affairs Canada. Retrieved 5 January 2017.
- ^ a b University, Encyclopedia of Canada
- ^ St Francis Xavier tartan
- ^ "Kent MacDonald named St. FX's new president - CBC News". cbc.ca. Retrieved 3 April 2018.
- ^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2009-02-21. Retrieved 2008-12-02.CS1 maint: Archived copy as title (link), St. Francis Xavier University Media Room
- ^ McGill U. Tops Canadian University Rankings Issued by 'Maclean's', Chronicle of Higher Education Blog, November 8, 2007
- ^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2009-02-16. Retrieved 2009-07-28.CS1 maint: Archived copy as title (link), St. Francis Xavier Media on Maclean's Report
- ^ St. Francis Xavier University Archived 2007-08-07 at the Wayback Machine, Associations of Universities and Colleges of Canada
- ^ "Academics". stfx.ca. 21 June 2016. Retrieved 3 April 2018.
- ^ "Scholarships". stfx.ca. 7 July 2016. Retrieved 3 April 2018.
- ^ Aboriginal Bursaries Search Tool
- ^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2010-08-11. Retrieved 2010-04-14.CS1 maint: Archived copy as title (link)
- ^ The X-Ring Archived 2008-12-22 at the Wayback Machine, St. Francis Xavier University
- ^ X-Ring Eligibility Policy Archived 2009-11-16 at the Wayback Machine, St. Francis Xavier University
- ^ Message from the President Archived 2013-09-27 at the Wayback Machine, St. Francis Xavier University
- ^ [1], StFX University, October 26, 2016
- ^ Riley Hall officially opens on the StFX campus Archived 2014-10-11 at the Wayback Machine, St. Francis Xavier University
- ^ 10 of Canada's Best University Residences, UniversityHub, September 22, 2015
- ^ Official opening ceremony for O’Regan Hall – updated, The Casket, September 7th, 2013
- ^ StFX receives funding for completion of the Gerald Schwartz School of Business and Information Systems[permanent dead link], St. Francis Xavier University Media Room
- ^ Coady, StFX Host Historic Groundbreaking Archived 2009-02-21 at the Wayback Machine, St. Francis Xavier University Media Room
- ^ St. Francis Xavier invests another $11 million in residential campus Archived 2009-02-26 at the Wayback Machine, St. Francis Xavier University Media Room
- ^ "StFX Official Athletics Website". goxgo.ca. Retrieved 3 April 2018.[permanent dead link]
- ^ CIS Rugby Silver Lining Archived 2009-02-21 at the Wayback Machine, St. Francis Xavier University Athletics
- ^ Canada Post Stamp
- ^ Moll, Michael (July 1999). "Music Traditions in Cape Breton". Folk World. Retrieved 2006-09-06.
External links
Find event parking for this location
Event date
Select a date
Search event name
Events
No results. Please try a different search.
Find event parking for this location
No results. Please try a different search.
Parking.com of Canada offers convenient indoor and outdoor parking near the Rogers Centre. Click on a location name to find parking information including rates, hours of operations, and entrances.
Rogers Centre is home to the Toronto Blue Jays and the Toronto Argonauts. The multi-use venue hosts sporting events, conventions, trade fairs, concerts, travelling funfairs, and monster truck.The cheese cakes are popular almost in all corners of the modern world. However, in Ukraine, these cakes had begun to cook in the last century. This curd cake with lemon and vanilla filling is very popular in Western Ukraine. It is cooked in each village and is one of the traditional Ukrainian dishes. Its recipe is very easy and its taste is delicious.
Ingredients:
- 800 g (28 oz) curds/cottage cheese (high-fat)
- 4 eggs
- 100 g (3,5 oz) dairy butter
- 3/4 glass of sugar
- 2 tbsp flour
- 1/2 lemons (at will)
- 1/2 tsp vanilla sugar
Cooking
This recipe includes cottage cheese that is a fresh cheese with a mild, slightly acidic flavor and small curds.
Melt dairy butter. Grease a baking sheet with dairy butter. Dredge the baking sheet with flour. Crack eggs and separate whites of the eggs and yolks. Place the whites of the egg in a blender. Place the yolks in a bowl. Add half of sugar to the yolks and mix the ingredients. Whip the whites of the egg with the remaining sugar until they get light and fluffy.
Beat the curds/cottage cheese slightly. Add the yolk mixture. Then add melted dairy butter. Mix everything thoroughly. Squeeze lemon and add the lemon juice to the mass (at wish). The lemon isn’t the obligatory ingredient, while the old Ukrainian recipe doesn’t contain it. Add vanilla sugar, flour and the whites of the egg. Mix the ingredients carefully. In the end, you should get soft dough.
Place the prepared dough in the baking sheet. Put it in the oven preheated to 190°C and bake it for 15 minutes. Then reduce the temperature to 175°C and bake the cheese cake for 45 minutes more.
Cool it to room temperature and place in a fridge for a night. Cut the cheese cake into portions and serve with tea or coffee.
Enjoy your meal!
Do you have a favorite Ukrainian recipe for a curd cake with lemon and vanilla filling? If so, please let us know in the comments below or write us an e-mail.
Hard to believe it, but in a time of historically low unemployment, some democratic socialists, left-leaning Democrats and progressives are pushing for a government jobs program that would pay every American $15 an hour plus benefits to do work in "care giving, the environment, education and other goals."
Sounds like a good job if you want to do nothing but come late to work, take long breaks and never get fired.
By the way is that bureaucrat who spent 60 hours a week watching porn on his work computer still working for the government? You can bet your bottom dollar he is. Probably got a better computer!
That was years ago, but if you thought it was an isolated incident, think again. Just last year 100 federal government employees were caught or admitted spending up to six hours a day browsing pornography, according to a report by NBC Washington.
Remember Maynard G. Krebs. He was the beatnicky type friend of Dobie Gillis, a 1960s sitcom that every millennial should binge watch a day or two. It's hilarious.
Maynard, played by Bob Denver of Gilligan's Island fame, hated to work. In fact, if Dobie's dad, a hard-working grocery store owner, ever asked Maynard to work, Maynard would exclaim in a voice three octaves higher than normal, "Work?" and immediately exit stage left ala Snagglepuss.
The most recent Strafford County unemployment numbers put the county's unemployment rate at 2.3 percent. So if you see some panhandler with a sign saying "Need money, out of work" just relay that fact to them.
And speaking of unmitigated gall, you mean to tell me the government thinks it can run a jobs program? Is this the same government that runs the TSA, which routinely suspends poorly performing employees WITH pay because the red tape getting them fired from union positions is more costly than just paying them for doing nothing, month after month.
That some progressives Democrats and democratic socialists are trying to float this idea during a time of historic low unemployment, including for blacks and Hispanics, is downright mindboggling.
This is the best they got as we head toward the midterms in November.
When Maine Gov. LePage demanded that folks on food stamps who have no disability work part time in order to receive their food benefits, the program's number of recipients shrank drastically saving Maine taxpayers millions of dollars.
In the first three months of the program the caseload for able bodied Mainers with no dependents between the ages of 18 and 49 dropped 80 percent because they didn't want to engage. Go Maynard! Go Maynard!
And do you really think a government jobs program would be any better run than Obamacare, which heaped 50 percent hikes on many who were insured on the marketplace.
It's singularly ironic that this government jobs program is being floated in this time of full employment. Remember, 2 percent unemployment is basically full employment because there's always a few people who are either getting fired (for watching porn), just quitting (cause the company won't let them watch porn anymore), switching careers to produce porn or going back to school to learn creative sensory cinematograpy, also known as porn.
In a move similar to LePage's work or community involvement requirement for food stamps, New Hampshire's Medicaid expansion bill has a similar proviso for able bodied Granite Staters. That's a good thing.
Bottom line. There will always be the Maynard G. Krebs of the world, who eschew work to a faretheewell.
Doesn't mean we have to subsidize their life's passion.
By the way, to watch a segment from "The Many Lives of Dobie Gillis" click here.This post contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. Terms apply to the offers listed on this page. For an explanation of our Advertising Policy, visit this page.
While we like to think we’re pretty savvy travellers here at TPG UK, from time to time, we all have a travel experience we would rather forget. We will be bringing you some of our team’s personal travel experiences each week — both successes and mistakes.
This week, Senior Writer Ben Smithson shares his strategy for seat selection on low-cost carriers and how it failed badly on a flight to Spain:
“I fly low cost carriers around Europe regularly and rarely pay for many of the ancillary cost options in order to keep costs down. One thing I never pay for on a one- or two-hour flight is seat selection, which can be almost as much as the flight itself.
Of course I don’t want to end up with a middle seat in the last row, so I have a bit of a strategy to snag a decent ‘random’ seat without paying through the roof for it. This strategy is that because so few people pay for the best seats on the plane (like the front few rows and exit rows) because of the high cost, these are allocated to passengers at the last minute once all of the cheap seats have been allocated.
I’ve tested out checking in online as late as possible in the period where most passengers who have checked in online have already done so (and been allocated the undesirable seats or paid a small fee for a half-way decent one), but before passengers physically check in at the airport and are sometimes given the choice of any remaining seat. For most airlines this window is around six to two hours before the flight departs (depending on the airline).
The cityscape of Bilbao, Spain. Photo by Getty Images
I’ve had good success with this on the likes of EasyJet and Norwegian, where I’ve scored a window seat in Row 2 or 3 without paying for it. So on a recent flight from London Gatwick (LGW) to Bilbao (BIO) with Spanish low-cost carrier Vueling, I put this strategy into place. I’ve had terrible luck with Vueling in the past — it’s my least favourite European airline — so I should have known my luck would run out.
What I failed to realise is that while Vueling does allow passengers to be allocated a random seat for free when checking in for their flight online like other airlines do, they only allocate a small number of seats for this purpose. Once all those are allocated to passengers, all other passengers must pay to select their seat when they check-in, whether they want to or not.
By the time I checked in online around five hours before my flight departed, all the free seats were long gone and I was forced to pay for one of the remaining seats. The flight was a little over an hour in length, so I didn’t want to put upwards of 18 euro for a seat in the first few rows. I settled for a middle seat mid-way back in the plane for 10 euro.
The flight passed quickly, but I spent it cursing myself for paying for a bad seat I didn’t even want.”.The Rotary Foundation (Programmes)
Programmes - The Rotary Foundation
The Rotary Foundation at work
The Foundation supports the projects and programmes of Rotary Clubs in three distinct ways:
- Grants to Rotary projects developed by Rotary clubs and Rotarians within their communities and internationally;
- Grants to global scale projects developed by Rotary International which Rotary Clubs and Rotarians can participate in, using the grants available;
- Vocational and Peace Scholarships. In our district , we focus on graduate level programmes.
Grants
The Rotary Foundation offers two types of grants: District Grants and Global Grants.
Rotary Foundation District Grants are block grants made available to districts to fund community and international service projects. District Grants allow Rotarians to respond quickly to urgent needs, and to plan smaller projects both in their communities and abroad, that fit within the mission of The Rotary Foundation. Clubs will be advised when funds are available for these purposes.
The tables below show the District Grants made this year and the immediate past year.
Rotary Foundation Global Grants support larger humanitarian and educational projects with sustainable, high-impact outcomes; as well as scholars and vocational training teams in one of the following six areas of focus.
In these pages, we highlight some important programmes and projects in the district and which are supported by Foundation grants. Of these, PolioPlus, the most ambitious programme in Rotary’s history, is the volunteer arm of the global partnership dedicated to eradicating polio. You can read more here.
For Intending Scholars
District Grants Awarded for 2017-18 year
Club Projects Supported by Grants in 2016-17
The projects shown in the table are a mix of both local community projects within the district and international projects with partners.
RI challenge to Rotarians in 2017-18
For Rotarians
For information on how the Foundation operates, how Rotarians (and Friends) fund the Foundation and important annual operating information about grant applications and timelines, please go here.
For any projects that may have an international focus, Rotarians in D9940 should read this document: Planning International Projects first.Free Dictionary and Thesaurus App for BlackBerryDictionary.com app for BlackBerry is one of the best and Free dictionary app for BlackBerry from Dictionary.com. This app delivers trusted reference content from Dictionary.com and Thesaurus.com including more than 500,000 terms, definitions, and synonyms.
Key Features:
- Dictionary and Thesaurus
- Word of the Day (English and Spanish)
- More than 325,000 terms and definitions
- More than 275,000 synonyms
- Spelling suggestions
- Phonetic and audio pronunciations
- Recent history
- Social networking functions
It is an amazing and most useful app for all students, writers and bloggers.
Download Dictionary.com App Free
via [Quick Online Tips]
Also See: WordWeb – Free Dictionary and Thesaurus app for Windows
Recent CommentsCAITLIN + CODY | LAGUNA BEACH ENGAGEMENT
Looking through these photos of Caitlin and Cody makes me so excited for their wedding this year!!!
Golden hour. Two people head over heels for each other. The guy coming with ideas for the session. A little bit of Beyonce. A willingness -- scratch that -- a desire to go in the water. I meaaaan, quite the recipe for a fantastic engagement shoot. Getting to snap away at a love like theirs for an hour or two - that's what I'm alllll about as a photographer.
Also, shoutout to them for kindly letting me drive home with their towel at the end of the evening. I got a little too far into the waves and that would've been one chilly ride home, let me tell ya.
Sandringham Court
Brief
Develop proposals for upgrading and extending two apartment blocks, with due consideration for historical styling and commercial optimisation of space.
MAIN OUTCOMES
Penthouse level added to each block, improving commercial value of site. Layout of existing apartments restyled to reflect contemporary living habits and augment the Developer's marketing story.
Sandringham Court, in the affluent Glaswegian suburb of Newton Mearns, is comprised of two stunning 1930s Art Deco apartment blocks. Working in collaboration with the client, Kelvin Properties, and Rhubarb Blue, Vellow Wood created proposals to upgrade each block.
A primary goal of the project was improving the commercial value of the site by adding a penthouse level to each building and restructuring existing apartments to tie in with the marketing story of a luxury, contemporary lifestyle.
Each apartment block was lifted from 12 to 16 flats by adding a set of 4 penthouse apartments to the top level. An extra staircase and lift were also introduced to create the more convenient access you would expect in a modern block of flats.
Having worked through and finalised the design, Vellow Wood and Rhubarb Blue took the project forward to create detailed drawings for construction. The building was completed in 2013, and in 2016 one of the new apartments set a Scottish record for most expensive penthouse, being sold for £1.3m.IN TRYING TO HELP PEOPLE FIND THEIR WAY TO LOVE AND THAT SPECIAL PERSON, YOU HAVE TO KEEP IN MIND IF YOU AREN’T MARRIED, YOU’RE SINGLE.
I know this topic will garner a lot of different responses. There are lots of sayings about being with a person before you marry them. Some folks say “don’t let him get the milk for free.” And things like “If he gets the milk for free, why should he buy the cow?” You’ve heard the little phrases like that. In the grand scheme of things, you really can’t make demands, or place any expectations on someone who isn’t fully yours. Lots of people think if they have time vested, that they’re “together.” Keep in mind you aren’t “committed” until you aren’t single anymore. That means he put a ring on it.
HERE ARE THE ONLY EXCEPTIONS TO THIS RULE OF THUMB:
- 1)IF YOU’VE BEEN IN A COMMITTED RELATIONSHIP FOR 3+ YRS
- 2) IF YOU’RE ENGAGED TO BE MARRIED
After 3 to 4 years, you should be looking at something long term. Now if you have discussed it with him and you both agree on the direction, then you can have that access. Just as he can have “free” access to the aforementioned “milk.”
Since we are in the era of the “Netflix and Chill,” single women have to realize that unless men have made a serious commitment to you, men don’t feel obligated to oblige any of your wishes. If you want to know why he doesn’t answer his phone every time you call, or why he added that new female friend on Facebook, then demand some type of serious commitment. If you’re just having fun, don’t expect to see his phone, have access to his social media, or ask for passwords to anything (emails or otherwise). He will think you’re out of line. And he truly isn’t obligated to give you any of that. I go over this in Chapter 2, The Prelude, of my book The Truth: keepin’ it 100, The Blueprint to Relationships in which I explain the types of women, and the categories they fall in. If you’re a pass the time chick, side-piece, booty call, you fall into this category. (Link for the book is at the bottom.)
Demands and ultimatums don’t work well with guys, so if he isn’t showing signs he wants to go long term, and that’s what you want, walk away from the situation and save yourself some time. There is nothing holding you there. This goes for if you have kids as well. Having a kid by a guy doesn’t entitle you to any of these personal things. It does however, entitle you to know who’s going to be around your kids, etc. But, that’s not a situation that you’re going to be able to control. So again, if you aren’t married, you’re single.
If you’re engaged, then I personally would share everything, because you’re planning on being open with your mate, and that would suggest that your intentions are genuine to be good to a person. But to each his own. Also keep in mind that just because he doesn’t let you see his phone, or give you his password, means that he’s dishonest. More to come on this in another blog.
“Give it its due diligence and respect your spouse or significant other’s personal time, space, and privacy. Now this doesn’t mean that if your spouse wants to see your phone, or check your social media, or your emails, that you shouldn’t let them. Marriages should be open, but one of the basic building blocks of any marriage is trust. It speaks volumes if you constantly have to “check” on what they are doing. If you constantly have to view their phone, ask who every friend they add on Facebook is, comment on who likes their picture, this is probably you. It’s not healthy. Just stop it. Don’t marry a person you can’t trust.
“It’s not healthy. Just stop it. Don’t marry a person you can’t trust.”
And respect their boundaries. Give them some private time. It’s healthy to be apart from each other sometimes. I will tell you that working in the oil and gas industry for a number of years, absence truly makes the heart grow fonder. You two are grown. There shouldn’t be a leash on each other, electronically or otherwise. Just act like adults, and respect each other. “That’s the sweet spot right there.”
Even in marriages I believe there should be some level of privacy, so for sure if you aren’t married you aren’t privied to any information they don’t want to share. Talk about serious commitment and see where it goes, but don’t expect to get the privileges that married folks get until he puts a ring on it.
If this is your fist time reading one of my blogs, I’m a relationship expert and coach, and I drop daily nuggets of wisdom on my Facebook and twitter pages. Simply type in #dailytipsbymario to check them all out.
Is he obligated to answer any of your questions?
If you aren’t married, then the simple answer is no. If you two are dating, then there probably should be some level of expectation there, but in truth and principle, he isn’t obligated to give you anything until you discuss it specifically or until he puts a ring on it. If you’re dating and haven’t talked about anything long term, he won’t feel obligated, and don’t expect it. If you’re friends with benefits, you definitely don’t get to ask any personal questions. I’m speaking from a man’s point of view here. There might be anything wrong with the questions you’re asking.
Its just the obligation to answer these questions in a man’s mind is usually reserved for wifey, or at the very least his fiance`. If you aren’t married, or engaged to be married, you generally can’t ask to see his phone, or ask where he’s been, or if he has another woman on the side. You have no status at this point. You can ask questions once you have status. Although I personally don’t have a problem with answering questions if I’m planning on being with the woman (and most men don’t), if I’m just having fun or fulfilling a purpose, you probably won’t be privy to those types of answers.
So strive to date with a purpose. This might be the highlight of this article. Date with a purpose. I don’t condone sleeping around but I am also not perfect, nor have I been an angel all my life and a perfect Christian. I understand the challenges with physical needs and all, but you must make sure you are someone’s priority. That means having an end goal to what you’re doing.
“Strive to date with a purpose.”
Reblogged this on Mario Rivers' Relationship Resolutions.OLIVER
SPENCEMAN
Newcomer Oliver Spenceman grew up performing at a youth theater in Vermont, acting in such plays as A Midsummer Night's Dream (Snout), A Wrinkle in Time (Charles Wallace), and James and the Giant Peach (Centipede). When his family relocated to Los Angeles, Oliver knew that the next step for him was to act in film and television. He is currently coached by Playhouse West acting teacher Holly Gagnier, and studies theatre as a freshman at the award-winning Los Angeles County High School for the Arts. Playful and intelligent with a bit of sass, Oliver brings a maturity beyond his years to his acting, while still maintaining a childlike innocence.
When not studying or performing, Oliver can be found playing hockey, doing Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, or playing Genshin Impact with his sister.READ THE GRAPHIC NOVEL: Lost childhoods: Nigeria’s fear of ‘witchcraft’ ruins young lives.
From a distance, the children look like scarecrows as they slowly scour the waist-high piles of rubbish for plastic bottles.
Their ragged clothing hangs loosely from their emaciated frames, their gaunt shrink-wrapped faces are deadened by the drugs they took at dawn.
It is hard to believe that these children are “witches”.
And yet this is exactly why several hundred skolombo – or street children – are now living at the Lemna dumpsite on the outskirts of Calabar in southeastern Nigeria.
“My grandmother was sick and her leg became very swollen,” says Godbless. “She said I was the one responsible, that I was a witch.”
The 14-year-old boy is sat in the makeshift hut at Lemna that he now calls home.
He shares this stuffy wooden hovel with half a dozen other boys who are now outside, smoking the cannabis that will get them through the day.
Godbless was taken to the family’s local church where a pastor confirmed his grandmother’s worst fears – he was indeed a witch, the pastor claimed.
His relatives demanded he leaves the house, but he refused.
Godbless rolls up the leg of his shorts to reveal a long, blackened scar on his upper thigh.
“This is what my auntie did to me when I did not go,” he whispers. “She heated up a knife in the fire and put it on me.”
Two years after he ran away, Godbless and his gang make money by recycling plastic soda bottles and cans.
These are weighed, and if he is lucky, he says, he can make a couple of dollars a week to buy food, clothing and medicine.
“When relatives throw these children out of the house, it’s as good as killing the child,” says Adek Bassey.
Bassey is a student who helps run Today for Tomorrow – a small Nigerian volunteer organisation that once a week meets the children near the dump to feed them, and address any health concerns.
She complains that the state’s Ministry of Sustainable Development and Social Welfare is not doing anything despite apparently having a pot of money with which to tackle the skolombo issue.
“Nobody from the Cross River government is coming out to feed these children, nobody is coming to send these kids to school, nobody is teaching them trades.”
“I don’t know if it’s corruption, or intentional negligence,” she says. “Or whether they have just given up on these street kids, that they think they will never change.”
Bassey alleges she has also received anonymous phone calls after a colleague posted photos on Facebook of their work at the Lemna dump.
“‘Who gave you the right to snap in that place?’, one person said,” recalls Bassey. “You better pipe yourself down before you get into trouble.”
“Someone even told me that they would arrest me for child trafficking.”
Her mother has pleaded with Bassey to stop her work, but she has refused to do so.
“They can lynch or kill me,” she says. “But I won’t stop.”
Manipulating fears
In the Niger Delta, where an extreme form of Christianity has taken root and blended with indigenous beliefs, an alarming number of children have been accused of practising witchcraft with malicious intent.
The accusations have created a generation of outcasts who live at the mercy of a system ill-equipped to protect them.
It is a relatively recent phenomenon that exploded across the region in the 1990s, fuelled partly by popular films and self-professed prophets looking to manipulate people’s fears to make a quick buck.
The epicentre of these accusations is in Nigeria’s southwestern states of Akwa Ibom and Cross River.
A report in 2008 estimated that 15,000 children in these two states had been accused.
And while there is no definitive figure for the number of skolombo in Calabar, a 2010 survey found that in one region of Akwa Ibom state, 85 percent of street children like Godbless had been accused of witchcraft.
The consequences for many of them were severe.
Children and babies who have been branded as witches have been chained up, starved, beaten, and even set on fire. Cases of parents attempting to behead their children with saws have also been reported.
These accusers typically use witchcraft as a means to scapegoat vulnerable children for acts ranging from unruly behaviour and absenteeism from school to a failed harvest or mechanical problems with the family motorbike.
“We have the laws to address witch-branding,” says Nigerian lawyer James Ibor. “But the problem is not the laws – the problem is implementing these laws.”
“And until we begin to implement these laws, our children are not safe.”
Ibor, who runs a local organisation in Calabar called Basic Rights Counsel Initiative (BRCI), says both the country’s criminal code and 2003 Child Rights Act outlaw not only degrading treatment but even accusing someone of being a witch.
But only about three-quarters of Nigeria’s states have domesticated the federal version of the Child Rights Act, and to date, only the state of Akwa Ibom has included specific provisions concerning the abuse of alleged child witches.
Their 2008 law made witch-branding punishable by a custodial sentence of up to 10 years.
And 10 years on, courts have yet to successfully prosecute a single perpetrator.
Ibor says his state of Cross River has not amended its own domestic version of the Child Rights Act to explicitly criminalise witch-branding.
But Oliver Orok, the minister of sustainable development and social welfare, says his ministry is working with UNICEF to address this legislative shortcoming.
“This has been an aged long practice particularly bothering on customs and traditions, and you know habits die hard,” he says. “The ministry is working assiduously to eliminate and curtail these practices.”
“Ample provisions have been made in the 2018 budget to build a new home for children at risk, and those who are in conflict with the law.”
The Calabar lawyer blames this partly on a lack of political will but says the lack of action primarily boils down to a lack of resources.
“The police are poorly funded, and not equipped to carry out these kinds of investigations,” he says. “Often, we have to push for investigations, and sometimes you just have to pay police as they don’t have the fuel they need to travel and collect evidence.”
Ibor adds: “They also don’t have the resources to run forensic analysis – and so most times you have to fund it yourself.”
“But even if I had the money, I can’t do it. The prosecution would argue I’d had the lab results altered.”
Ibor also claims police often fail to act because they believe in witches, and outing them.
The lawyer gives an example of three children aged between seven and 13 who were recently branded as witches by their father.
He locked them up in a poorly ventilated storeroom without food for several days.
Ibor claims police have taken no action against the father despite the case having been reported late in May.
And in another recent episode, a man who accused his three-year-old of being a witch before giving her second-degree burns was released by a court despite confessing to the crime.
The lawyer’s organisation BRCI specialises in legal cases concerning child rights abuse and runs a safe house for children accused of witchcraft.
Resources are a problem for Ibor’s organisation, which partly relies on volunteers.
Lack of staff results in a triaging of reported cases, with only the most serious complaints being investigated.
Ibor is disappointed that the Ministry of Sustainable Development and Social Welfare recently asked him for 20,000 nairas ($55) to approve their shelter – an initiative he feels they should be funding.
Cases have also stalled for years due to suspects absconding when on bail, or the mandatory number of court assessors not turning up in protest over several months’ unpaid wages.
“In the last eight years we haven’t got one conviction in spite of the series of reports we ‘ ve made to the police about perpetrators and churches – it means something is fundamentally wrong.”
Ibor believes the failure to convict anyone so far will lead people to believe they can make accusations and attack children with impunity.
He blames the so-called “propheteers” – or religious conmen – for manipulating people’s fears of the supernatural.
In the Niger Delta – a particularly poor part of Nigeria where the average daily wage is little more than a dollar – congregants are more likely to swallow prophecies that explain their hand-to-mouth existence and ill fortune.
“Nigeria is one of the worst places to raise children because of the so-called religions of peace which are responsible for 80 percent of our problems,” says Ibor.
“They [the churches] have inhibited and undermined our laws, and we have placed these religious books above our laws.”
Diana-Abasi Udua Akanimoh, who works for a local faith-based organisation called Way to the Nations, explains that many churches and their congregants take a passage from the King James Bible literally – namely, “Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.”
“Being Christians ourselves we felt we could challenge people’s belief in witchcraft,” she says. “For, we believe in God just like they do, but we do not believe that the Bible was written to be used to hurt people.
“We tell them, ‘we understand the scriptures just as much as you think you do, but you must have misunderstood certain facts, and have used them against young people to hurt them’.”
The role of the church
Pentecostalism spread throughout Nigeria in the 1970s.
The Niger Delta region is said to have more places of worship per square mile than anywhere else on earth.
This form of Christianity adopts the idea that if you are not successful in life, then pernicious entities may be the cause.
Such a belief system should not be dismissed as antiquated African superstition – pentecostal churches also operate within the United States and the United Kingdom.
Indeed, these Nigerian Pentecostal leaders have emulated their American televangelist counterparts.
Many Pentecostal churches in the Niger Delta offer to deliver people from witchcraft and possession – albeit for a fee.
Joy is one of those people.
Like a boxer on the ropes, she raises her trembling hands to protect her face.
Three pastors surround the young girl and take turns slapping her head, pinching her earlobes and stomach.
The 15-year-old has been accused of being a witch, and tonight she has been brought to a ministry in Calabar for an exorcism.
One of the pastors clutches the iridescent sarong tightly knotted behind the child’s back.
It acts as an anchor to keep her from getting away and ensure she does not hurt herself.
One child, undergoing a simultaneous deliverance, has already knocked over the church’s glass lectern this evening.
“Your clothes are on fire, your head is on fire, your belly is on fire,” the pastors yell in Joy’s face as they twirl her around the church hall.
Joy tries to twist free, but there is no escape.
It is Pastor Eunice Emmanuel who had identified the four children – the youngest is eight years old – to be exorcised this evening.
“God helps me identify the kids that are possessed,” she explains before the evening’s deliverance begins. “We then conduct deliverance on them whereby the evil spirits that dwell in them, leave them, and the children become new creatures.
“The child becomes like a madman who has recovered his sanity.”
Pastor Eunice says a deliverance can last up to 10, 20 or even more minutes, depending on the type and strength of the possession or witchcraft.
But in Joy’s case, it is over half an hour before the spirit within her is compelled to speak.
Pastor Eunice asks the spirit what she has made the girl do.
“Destroy,” it says, according to Joy.
Joy is doubled over, hands over her face, crying.
The “spirit” is peppered with further questions by the pastor.
“How do you destroy? Do you go to a coven? Are you a witch? Do you drink blood? Do you eat flesh? Do you kill?”
“I have destroyed one person,” Joy finally cries.
Only when the child finally collapses onto the floor is the deliverance considered a success.
As she lies in a motionless heap on the floor, alone, the group of pastors look down at her grinning.
Many prophets in Calabar can charge up to a year’s wages – over $500 – to perform such a ceremony.
“But we don’t charge here,” claims Pastor Eunice. “I don’t have a price tag.”
She adds however that the ministry does welcome tokens of “appreciation” to help pay for generator fuel and rent.
But lawyer James Ibor says this is the exception and not the rule.
“It is backward that in the 21st Century churches are set up for economic reasons but they are spreading wickedness and ignorance,” he says.
“The government should be responsible for protecting our society from people who have set up businesses to destroy our children – but it is doing nothing.”
But minister Oliver Orok says that “currently the state government is not aware of such issues”.
“However, if such practices come to the fore, we would move against such churches and their founders and prophets.”
Ibor says that to date the government has yet to investigate several churches recently brought to their attention and Orok ignored repeated requests for updates on these investigations.
Ebe Ukara, a desk officer for the Child Rights Implementation Committee in Akamkpa, adds however that not all churches are out to hoodwink their congregants.
“Even in the case of HIV, these fake prophets will tell a person, ‘No, that it is family witchcraft that is attacking you, so don’t go to hospital, come to my church’.”
Ukara says that 60 percent of the child abuse cases that cross her desk are witchcraft-related and often prompted by a pastor’s declaration.
She claims that a profit has been made by scapegoating children, easy and vulnerable targets to blame.
“Even if nothing has happened to me, they will quickly tell me that something is attacking me,” says Ukara. “The next thing he will use oil on me, and beat me.”
“It is from the beating that they force the children to confess what they don’t know.”
The Nollywood effect
It is perhaps unfair to place all the blame for this epidemic of child witchcraft allegations on Pentecostal churches.
As with the assassination of JFK, and the falling of the Twin Towers on 9/11, it seems many still remember where and when they first saw End of the Wicked.
For Patience Itoro it was in 2001 in the town of Eket in Akwa Ibom state.
The film focuses on the Amadi family which is living with the father’s mother – who we find out is a witch in a coven.
Amadi’s children end up joining the cult, and in the movie are shown eating human flesh and plotting to murder their parents.
In another scene, the children laugh as a man’s eyes are gouged out.
Produced by the Liberty Gospel Church, the 1999 film also starred the church’s leader Helen Ukpabio as the pastor who ends up heroically exposing and destroying the witches.
The film was hugely controversial and at the time was blamed for the surge in witchcraft accusations against children in the 1990s and 2000s.
The movie has been criticised for blurring the line between fact and fiction.
But Itoro says she knows better.
“I found it scary,” she says as she dusts the floor of her compound. “But I know it wasn’t real.”
Three of her neighbours who are sat around the courtyard say they have heard about the movie but have yet to see it.
When offered the chance to watch a clip they are curious.
They huddle around the laptop, and tut and grimace as they witness the actions of the child witches in the film.
“That was very scary,” says Unwana Nse. “But for me, that really confirmed that there’s child witchcraft.”
Sat next to her, Esther Friday says she’s now confused.
“I don’t know whether that was real, or acting,” she says.
Peter Itoro says it is proof that such things can happen in the world.
“It’s just clothes covering people,” he says. “We don’t really know who they are.”
And now his wife Patience has changed her mind.
“That film now confirms to me that there’s witchcraft.”
Known colloquially as Nollywood, the Nigerian film industry is second only to Bollywood in terms of the number of films it pumps out year after year.
These most common themes are romance, comedy and the so-called “hallelujah” category – films with strong religious messages.
Nigerians have criticised the industry for proliferating negative stereotypes about the continent – including the focus on witchcraft.
But paradoxically one of the main reasons for the films’ popularity is that they provide a platform for Africans to tell their own stories.
One Nollywood producer, Orok Atim, says that however “negative” the theme of witchcraft may be, this is an issue that affects the lives of Nigerians – so they expect to encounter them when watching Nigerian films.
His next movie will be about a deceased friend’s experience of the supernatural.
“Witchcraft exists in our society today,” he says. “People want to see what they know, to hear what they know, they want to feel and actually understand.
“That doesn’t mean we should be scared, no, there’s hope.”
Atim maintains that his movies allow Nigerian audiences to face their fears.
“[It is actually the] churches today are using that witchcraft to deceive some families, destroy some children, and using it as a means of extortion,” he says.
Basil Ngene, a film producer and video shop owner in Calabar, said the film industry was not to blame.
“Nollywood movies only highlight what already exists,” he says as he places new stock on the shelves. “Film did not create witchcraft or witchdoctors.”
He says that he knows that witchcraft is real because he read about it in the Bible.
Ngene also challenges the Western notion that it is only “gullible” Nigerians who believe in, and are fascinated by, the supernatural.
“In the West, you watch films like ‘Black Panther’ and ‘Infinity War’,” he says. “All these focus on African magic, witchcraft and superpowers.”
But Ebe Ukara believes that rather than reflecting culture, these movies are creating a new one.
“People watch these movies and imitate what they see these advanced prophets doing.”
“Movies today are teaching a lot of things that were never practised before,” she says.
And James Ibor argues it was movies like End of the Wicked that not only popularised the notion that children could be witches, but that people could easily become witches by eating tainted food.
“And movies like End of the Wicked are not shown as fiction like Harry Potter – it is shown as a religious tool for evangelism, it is shown as a compliment to the Bible.”
The fallout
Whatever is behind these beliefs, children like Godbless can attest to one thing: once you’re on the streets, it is hard to go back.
However while many have fallen through the cracks, there are people fighting for them.
A handful of Nigerian organisations like BRCI and Way to Nations attempt to do more than just rescue those accused of witchcraft – they try to reunite them with the very relatives who have ostracised them.
But their efforts are rarely successful, even with extended family members.
Emmanuel has been at BRCI’s emergency shelter since December 2017.
The nine-year-old was kicked out of his stepfather’s house after having been accused of witchcraft at his local church.
His stepfather, Udong Umoren, threatened to kill him with a machete should he try and come home.
He slept rough for several months before BRCI took him in.
The organisation says it had to pay the police 5,000 nairas ($14) to arrest the stepfather, but he is now out on bail.
Attempts to reunite Emmanuel with his family have been fruitless.
Udong recently fled, mistaking BRCI staff for police officers.
Despite being against her child being thrown out onto the streets, Emmanuel’s mother, Theresa Umoren, tipped Udong off.
“My son sleeps in the road and I’m not happy about it,” Theresa said. “But I must respect my husband because of our other children.
“There’s nothing I can do – you should keep him away where he is safe.”
Theresa’s inner turmoil is evident when she gets to speak to Emmanuel on the phone for the first time in five months.
Across the state line in Akwa Ibom, Jehu Tom has had a little more luck.
The Way to Nations staff member has managed to track down the grandmother of a child living at their safe house in Eket – and she has agreed to talk about Precious.
The seven-year-old was abandoned at a Mobil petrol station in Eket, where he lived for a month.
The grandmother had been forced to take the boy in when both his parents died and blamed her subsequent ill-health on Precious.
But even getting to this stage has been a challenge – the organisation’s vehicle has been unreliable and fuel here is expensive.
When they are able to locate Mercy Campbell, Tom brings Precious with him to see his grandmother.
It is an odd reunion; there are no hugs, greetings, or even a smile.
Tom insists that Precious sit beside his grandmother.
He acquiesces, clearly unhappy to do so, but sits at the opposite end of the wooden bench.
Tom asks her why she thought her grandson was a witch.
“He was very stubborn,” she says. “He disobeyed me, and he didn’t listen to my advice.”
Campbell adds that he also used to play truant from school, and that he would sing strange songs at home.
“They say actions speak louder than words – even though I don’t believe in witchcraft,” she adds hastily.
Tom explains that the right place for Precious is not at the safe house, but with family.
But Campbell says she cannot afford to take him back.
“I took care of him for one year,” she explains. “I can ‘ t take care of him any more – his paternal family should take him in.”
Tom asks what she feels when she looks at Precious. Love? Fear? Sadness?
The grandmother seems to find it difficult to answer.
Thinking she has not heard him, Tom asks the question a second time.
“I do not hate him,” Campbell says finally.
READ THE GRAPHIC NOVEL: Lost childhoods: Nigeria’s fear of ‘witchcraft’ ruins young lives.
Names of the children have been changed to protect their identities.
This article was made possible by funding from the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting.Studio Optix is the ultimate destination for all of your New York optical.
From routine eye examinations and contact lens fittings to emergency eye care for infections, allergies, and dry eyes, Dr. Cassel and associates provide exceptional care.
A collection of more than 5,000 frames makes Studio Optix a New York optical destination for Hollywood prop masters and eyewear enthusiasts alike. Our doctors and opticians strive to make you see and look your best!
Dr. Mitchell Cassel
Dr. Mitchell Cassel received both a B.S Degree and Doctorate of Optometry from the Pennsylvania College of Optometry after completing a B.S. Degree in Biology at Lehigh University.
Dr. Cassel, President of Studio Optix, has been in a private group practice in NYC and for over 20 years. In addition to providing general eye care, his specialties include providing prosthetic soft lenses for disfigured eyes and special eye effects to many leading actors in the motion picture and television industries.
Dr. Cassel is the founder and present co-chairman of the Vision Management Group, a national think tank and study group of optometric practitioners. He has conducted several clinical studies, published several journal articles, and is a frequent lecturer on prosthetic, cosmetic, and contact lens topics.
Dr. Sarah Klibanoff
Dr. Sarah Klibanoff has been practicing with Studio Optix since 2002. She graduated from Queens College summa cum laude and from SUNY Optometry School with top honors. Dr. Klibanoff was also inducted into Beta Sigma Kappa, the Optometric Honor Society.
She has received multiple awards, including the Dr. William M. Eisenberg award for excellence in ocular disease, the Dr. William Feinbloom award for outstanding clinical proficiency in low vision, the Dr. and Mrs. I. Ungar Award for excellence in optometry, and the Marchon Award for excellence in dispensing.
Dr. Brandon Butler
A native Californian, Dr. Brandon Butler earned his Doctorate of Optometry and Physiological Optics degrees from UC Berkeley School of Optometry.
After completing internships in ocular disease and specialty contact lens fittings at San Francisco Pacific Medical Center and the Lovelace Medical Center in Albuquerque, New Mexico, he practiced in optometric clinics and offices taking care of pre- and post-operative LASIK and cataract patients. Dr. Butler is a member of the American Optometric Association and the New York State Optometric Association.It's possible for you to repay your credit card debts through a debt consolidation: North Cobalt ON loan. In lots of situations, the debts is really never brought down substantially. Repaying the debts with the consolidating loans program will be increased beneficial for you later on.
When people are in a critical quantity of credit cards, they will understandably begin searching for credit card consolidation loans assistance. Having debts is a critical issue. So if you're in debt and are interested in credit card consolidation loans strategies to escape it, then a credit consolidating program is a dependable alternate. If your debts are unbearable, you can resort to credit relief solutions. Without spending some hefty quantity of dollars in North Cobalt Ontario, it's possible that you do away with your debts.
Many people that are swimming in debts might not know how to look for government consolidating loans assistance for debt relief. Before you're able to escape from credit cards, you must be honest with yourself and admit your credit cards are getting out of control. Short-term bills are usually due within a calendar year's time.
There are a lot of people that are deep in bills and are looking for debt relief methods to clear it once possible to live a typical financial trouble-free life. To summarize in North Cobalt Ontario, particularly with the last secret, you are able to move your bills from 1 bank to another for a period of many years in North Cobalt! consolidation loans services. Do not go directly to a specific debt consolidation: North Cobalt ON company but rather first visit a credit consolidation network who's affiliated with different legitimate card relief loans businesses. Meanwhile, the credit card relief loans provider takes an enormous chunk of the money you pay them each month in North Cobalt, and puts it in their own account instead in North Cobalt Ontario. In order to acquire the best results in North Cobalt, an individual must seek the credit card debt negotiation services of a true, experienced and authentic credit consolidation company.
Credit insurance in North Cobalt Ontario is just one of the most misunderstood and fraudulently marketed products in North Cobalt within the field of private finance. Such debt relief loans loans would let you pay back the credit cards instantly. You should submit an application for credit card relief loans loan by means of a North Cobalt ON loan agent. It is always recommended to avoid taking a debt relief loans loan, in the event the debts are due are such which can be paid without aid.
Getting out of debts by means of a debt relief loans procedure is now very popular but you must know in North Cobalt Ontario where to track down the very best performing consolidating loans programs to be able to find the best deals in North Cobalt. The procedure for credit consolidating is straightforward. Credit card consolidation loans is 1 proposition given by numerous agencies in North Cobalt.
Credit card consolidation loans - Canada
The very first step for any sort of bills recovery is to quit overspending. Credit card consolidation loans is a short-term solution and thus all of you who would like to make the most in North Cobalt of it should deal with the time span. It is the most unusual commercial option that has been introduced to date in North Cobalt. For example, if you're applying for credit card consolidation loans, gather your commercial statements and know the precise balances in North Cobalt and interest rates on each and every card in North Cobalt. Hence, be certain that if you're attempting in North Cobalt Ontario to get charge card relief through credit card consolidation loans loans, you've closed your charge card accounts in North Cobalt.
Some cards even provide in North Cobalt completely free automobile and travel emergency services in North Cobalt along with free travel insurance in North Cobalt. They also offer savings from specific retailers simply by using in North Cobalt the credit card to make the purchase in North Cobalt. The Commercial card is simpler and gives the simple details in North Cobalt about each transaction and other info in North Cobalt Ontario. In just 3 tips, you are going to discover how to use charge cards in North Cobalt in means by which you may have never considered in North Cobalt. Anybody who has used a credit card eventually in North Cobalt comes to learn about the exorbitant interest rates in North Cobalt they must pay and that getting out of credit cards is hard. Whether you've got a Marathon gas card in North Cobalt or a charge card, you will have the ability in North Cobalt Ontario to fuel your vehicle at the pump for increased convenience. Although there are lots of different charge cards in North Cobalt and gas cards, you can select the one in North Cobalt which will fill all your requirements in North Cobalt.
Your eligibility to apply for credit relief loans is dependent upon your credit history in North Cobalt, also termed as a credit score report in North Cobalt. When you are handling credit consolidating programs, there are a variety of terms you need to understand and take into account. Credit card consolidation loans programs are getting to be an increasingly needed manner of getting financial trouble free. The government consolidating loans programs through consolidated commercial loans aren't a really exciting idea for credit card relief in North Cobalt, if a debtor isn't disciplined in managing their monthly expenses in North Cobalt. You can also choose a debt relief training course in North Cobalt, to be able to plan out your consolidation loans repayment strategy in North Cobalt.Anyway to download new ringtones?
Advertisementi cant access the ATAT media net to download ringtones so i just wondering if there is another way or place i could go to to get ringtones?
Advertisement
Replay
As of right now, the iPhone is a "locked" device. So perhaps in a future update, Apple may decide to unlock it for ringtone use OR Apple may provide a ringtone service via iTunesCharges have been filed against a suspect wanted in the fatal shooting of a woman found at 12803 Northborough Drive about 9:45 a.m. on Sunday (March 3).
The suspect, Auner Rebolledo (H/m, 41), is charged with murder in the 176th State District Court for his role in the killing of his common-law wife, Adaelna Diaz, 34.
A photo of Rebolledo, who is not in custody, is not available. Investigators were told he might have fled to Mexico.
HPD Homicide Division Sergeant J. Burton and Detective K. Fregia reported:
Patrol officers were dispatched to a welfare check call at an apartment at the above address and were met by family members of the suspect (Rebolledo). According to the family members, Rebolledo had sent disturbing text messages earlier in the morning, so they contacted police to check on the occupants of the apartment. Responding officers and family members found Ms. Diaz deceased on the living room floor of the apartment. It appeared she had sustained multiple gunshot wounds to her torso.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of suspect Auner Rebolledo is urged to contact the HPD Homicide Division at 713-308-3600 or Crime Stoppers at 713-222-TIPS.
JFC/VHS 3-4-19
Inc #027229319Anna Larson is a junior and is a staff writer for the Johnston Black and White. She enjoys online shopping and taking naps. She is in cross country, student council, and silver cord. Her favorite food is mangoes, favorite ice cream is birthday cake, and favorite bands/artists include Fall Out Boy, the 1975, Walk the Moon, & Chiddy Bang. She hopes to one day attend UCLA and get a degree in marine biology. After that she plans to go to medical school, become a doctor, and then become a part of the Doctors Without Borders organization.Contiweb (Boxmeer, The Netherlands) a worldwide specialist in state-of-the-art web-offset press solutions, has announced that Bert Schoonderbeek stepped down from his position as Chief Executive Officer effective December 31, 2018. During his tenure as CEO, Schoonderbeek played a pivotal role in establishing Contiweb as an industry leader in web-offset solutions, as well as driving the expansion of the company’s offerings in the digital marketplace, along with the label and packaging sectors. Most recently he successfully oversaw the formalization of Contiweb’s independence from Goss International on Contiweb’s 40th anniversary. Schoonderbeek will remain a member of the management board on a part-time basis as the Chief Business Development Officer. Effective January 1, 2019 Rutger Jansen assumed the role of CEO. Schoonderbeek and Jansen will work together to ensure a smooth transition.
“With 24 years of service as CEO of Contiweb, Bert is an industry icon,” said added: “He’s been instrumental in forging strong relationships with our customers, OEM partners and colleagues. We.We collect your information when you register on the Site, respond to a survey, or complete a form. Any information we request that is not required will be shown as optional or voluntary.
You may visit our site anonymously, but when ordering, registering, or completing a form, you may be asked to enter: your first and last name, email address, mailing address, phone number, etc.
Like other websites, this Site uses cookies to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visitors to the Site. Please reference the “Do we use cookies?” section for more information on cookies and how the Site uses them.
Any of your information we collect may be used in one of the following ways:
We execute a variety of security measures to ensure your personal information is secure when you submit a request, complete a form, or access/provide your personal information in another manner on the Site.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enable the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Yes. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about the Site’s traffic and interactions to offer better user experience. We reserve the right to contract third-party service providers, like Google Analytics, to help us better understand our website visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Yes. Google Analytics collects information such as how often you visit the Site, what pages you visit on the Site, and what other sites you used prior to coming to the Site. We use the information from Google Analytics to improve the Site and your experience. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by visiting this link.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information. This does not encompass trusted third parties who assist us in website operation, conducting of business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release personally identifiable information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our website policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable information may be provided to third parties for marketing, advertising, or other use.
At our discretion, we may occasionally include or offer third party products, services, or links on the Site. Third party sites on our Site have independent and separate policies and terms. Therefore, we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of linked sites. We still welcome feedback on these sites to protect the integrity of our site.
The California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) requires our Site to let you know how we respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Currently, we do not respond to them because we use third party services like Google Analytics and there is not a legal or industry standard to follow. We will watch developments on this and update accordingly.
We follow the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years or older.
We have taken the steps necessary to ensure we are compliant with CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information.
Please visit our Terms of Service webpage establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website: Terms of Service.
By using the Site, you consent to our Privacy Policy, which is outlined on this page.
If we have changes or updates to our privacy policy, we will post those on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date change.
This policy was last modified on 08/06/2018.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, contact us using the following information:
Enertech Global, LLC
2506 South Elm Street
Greenville, IL 62246
USA
Phone: 618-664-9010MAYFIELD GARDEN AUTUMN COLOUR
Annual Autumn Time Festival
Date: Sunday 14 to Wednesday 17 April 2019
Visit the spectacular Mayfield Garden at Oberon during it’s annual Autumn time festival. For two seasons only The 50 hectare Hawkins’ Family Garden extends beyond the main Mayfield Garden and is breathtaking in its design and expanse. Your visit will include morning tea on arrival, followed by a 1 hour guided coach tour through the garden to its highest point. You then have the opportunity to wander back down through the garden at your leisure, where a Mayfield lunch box will be served back at the café. A shuttle bus is available to bring you back down through the garden if you cannot do the walk yourself.
A truly wonderful Autumn garden experience.
Staying at the 4 star Rydges Mount Panorama during your tour, you will also visit Bathurst’s National Motor Racing Museum and do a lap of the famous Mt Panorama track, Chifley Dam, Oberon township, Millthorpe Museum for talk & Devonshire Tea, Carcoar, Blayney township and tour of Mt Piper Power Station.
CLICK BELOW FOR FULL ITINERARY
Mayfield Garden Autumn Colour itinerary 2019
Inclusions:
3 night’s accommodation,
all breakfasts, all dinners,
morning tea on all days,
lunch on 2 days and
entry into all attractions.
Coach pick up and drop off
from your home
(Illawarra, Shoalhaven and
Sydney areas only)Only 2 left!
Hand-carved and lightweight copal wood charm to slip onto a fine necklace, bracelet, or hang in your car. This unique piece of Oaxacan pop art is made 100% by hand and painted by Tía Eva and her daughters in the hills surrounding the City of Oaxaca, Mexico. It is a colorful way to share your affection and admiration.
- lightweight and versatile
- makes a great gift for any special occasion
- colorful and 100% unique
- supports women artists
- promotes "alebrije" style folk-art heritage of OaxacaPolls herald beginning of end for Bouteflika, eventually
NEW YORK - Politics in Algeria has always been opaque, with the winner of every presidential election appointed by “le pouvoir”, or “the power” – a shadowy group of kingmakers made up of army officials, business tycoons and intelligence. This process first began with the election of colonel Chadli Benjedid in February 1979 and has continued throughout the 20-year presidency of Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
But now, after months of wrangling and squabbling, these power brokers cannot reach a consensus regarding his future. So in a suspected liar’s poker move, they have decided to hold a presidential election on April 18, 2019.
However, an enigma remains. The authorities have not indicated so far whether Algeria's frail president will stand for a fifth consecutive term. Mr Bouteflika’s decision will determine this election’s credibility.
Although the ruling coalition and the regime’s backers have been urging him to run again, the opposition –both Islamist and secular – do not think he is fit to do so.
Mr Bouteflika, 81, who has been paraplegic since suffering a stroke in 2013, only makes rare public appearances. He last addressed the nation more than six years ago and has travelled extensively to France and Switzerland to undergo medical treatment.
He has yet to announce his candidacy but according to the Algerian constitution, he has until March 4 to say whether he wants to seek a fifth term. Not that this is any indicator that he won’t run; in the 2014 election, he waited until the last few days before announcing his candidacy.
Ordinary Algerians are under no illusion that this marks any kind of change and are already anticipating Mr Bouteflika will emerge victorious if he decides to run again. However, if he does stand, it will be his last term. He will have to step down in 2024 after a two-term presidency cap was reintroduced in 2016.
More than 40 per cent of Algeria's 42 million-strong population are under the age of 25. Many know no other president than Mr Bouteflika. And when Amar Ghoul, a former cabinet minister, can shamelessly declare on television that the presidential election is “an affair of state”, the die, it seems, is already cast.
For Abdallah Djaballah, president of the opposition party El Adala, this election is a "big sham". Besides the serious concerns about his health, many opposition leaders question the achievements of a 20-year rule marked by corruption, nepotism, the absence of civil and political liberties, large-scale embezzlement, high unemployment and economic woes.
Despite the abundance of natural resources such as oil and gas – which account for 60 per cent of the budget and 94 per cent of export revenue – as well as phosphates and uranium, Algeria is grappling with systemic corruption and poor governance. The rising cost of living is another major challenge. And with the abrupt drop in oil prices after June 2014, the country’s state-controlled economic model is failing and the government cannot preserve its subsidy programmes to maintain peace.
A 2018 World Bank report said social discontent, a government spending freeze, tax hikes and high unemployment posed a “substantial risk” to the country’s economic future.
Whoever emerges victorious from the 2019 election faces the challenge of restoring the image of Algeria on the world stage as a symbol of the anti-colonial struggle for independence, as well as working hard and fast to diversify the economy, enliven a lethargic political system, launch a genuine democratic process, develop the tourism industry, increase stability not stagnation and significantly contribute to regional security.
So far, the 74-year old ex-prime minister Ali Benflis has announced his intention to run for president. He challenged Mr Bouteflika in vain in 2004 and again in 2014, when he denounced the ballot as “a rape of sovereignty”.
The first official candidate to throw his hat into the ring is the retired general Ali Ghediri, who has boosted his image with a series of interviews recently. In a discussion with the daily El Watan last month, he lambasted the two pillars of the Algerian system, Mr Bouteflika and his chief of staff Gaid Salah. He also criticised rumours that the election could be deferred and Mr Bouteflika's mandate prolonged and demanded that the army intervene.
These comments earned him a slap on the wrist from the chief of staff but huge support from the public. Some observers think he is a change-maker bringing hope for younger generations.
But if Mr Bouteflika decides to run, the status quo will be upheld – for now, at least.
Dr Abdelkader Cheref is an independent scholar based in the US
pmOn Eagles Wings February 12 2013
I fell in love with these vintage metal stamped eagles as soon as I found them. Just months and weeks before my dad passed away my parents had the pleasure to watch eagles in the wild parent a new baby eagle. My parents went daily to watch this take place. How perfect it was when I found these little treasures.Romano-British masonry building and Saxon cemetery, Fordcroft, Orpington
Overview
Heritage Category: Scheduled Monument
List Entry Number: 1001973
Date first listed: 05-Oct1973 .pdf
The PDF will be generated from our live systems and may take a few minutes to download depending on how busy our servers are. We apologise for this delay.
This copy shows the entry on 18-Mar-2019 at 18:11:18.
Location
The building or site itself may lie within the boundary of more than one authority.
County: Greater London Authority
District: Bromley (London Borough)
National Grid Reference: TQ 46710 67596
Summary
Roman bathhouse and Anglo-Saxon cemetery, 144m south-east of Acer Cottage
Reasons for Designation
The Roman bathhouse between Poverest and Fordcroft Road is likely to have been part of a larger complex of buildings such as a minor Romano-British villa. The bathhouse was one of the principal public buildings of a Roman town. Private bath complexes or suites were also attached to Roman villas and, although rare, sometimes Roman town houses and commercial properties. The practice of bathing was an integral part of Roman urban life, and the bathhouse or suite served an important function as a place for relaxation and social congregation as well as exercise and hygiene. Bathhouses or complexes consisted of a series of rooms of graded temperature containing a variety of plunge-baths. The frigidarium (cold room) led, progressively, to one or more tepidaria (warm rooms) and caldaria (hot rooms). They could also include changing rooms, latrines, sauna and massage rooms, and a palaestra or exercise area. The bath complex was heated by hypocausts connected to nearby furnaces; it was also linked to, and depended upon, an engineered water supply which involved the construction of drains, sewers and frequently an aqueduct.
Despite some disturbance in the past, the Roman bathhouse, 144m south-east of Acer Cottage has been shown by partial excavation to survive well. It will contain further archaeological and environmental remains relating to the use, occupation and history of the bathhouse and to the landscape in which it was constructed.
The later occupation on the site included an Anglo-Saxon cemetery. cemetery, 144m south-east of Acer Cottage has been shown by partial excavation to survive well. It will contain further archaeological and environmental remains relating to the use, occupation and history of the cemetery and Roman bathhouse and Anglo-Saxon cemetery surviving as upstanding and below-ground remains. It is situated between Poverest Road and Fordcroft Road on an east-facing slope at the foot of a valley through which runs the River Cray.
Part of the remains of the Roman bathhouse have been exposed, consolidated and put on display following the excavations. They are protected by a modern cover building. The foundations and walls survive up to 0.6m high and include three rooms, two of which include baths, in a row orientated roughly north-west to south-east. These are each no larger than 5m long and 3.5m wide and the eastern-most room is apsed at the south end. They include what is considered to be a hypocaust and, to the east, the buried remains of a north-south orientated ditch, which truncates a natural watercourse. Further rooms and out-buildings survive as below-ground remains including a paved courtyard to the north-west. South of Bellefield Road are Roman pits and postholes, thought to be the remains of storage buildings, and a timber well.
Immediately to the north and east of the bathhouse are the buried remains of an Anglo-Saxon cemetery, including approximately 85 inhumations and cremations. The inhumations are largely orientated east-west and the grave goods found in conjunction with the burials indicate that they date to between about AD 450 and AD 550.
In 1946, the discovery of Roman pottery during road works prompted archaeological excavation on the site. Partial excavation was carried out in 1965-8, 1971-80, 1988 and 2005-7. The earliest finds included worked flint dating from the Mesolithic period and pre-Roman pottery. The finds associated with the bathhouse include roof tiles, hypocaust tiles, tesserae, Roman pottery, loom-weights and metal-working slag. These indicate that the bathhouse was in use between about AD 270 and AD 400. It may have been part of a larger complex such as a minor Romano-British villa. The presence of concentrated areas of burning and metal-working waste, as well as a possible kiln, indicates that at least part of the site was in use for small-scale industrial activities during the Roman period. It is likely that the Roman buildings are associated with a larger settlement centred on the River Cray. Roman coins and Romano-British burials have been found elsewhere in the area. The Anglo-Saxon grave goods included a shield boss, spear-head, two disc brooches, a bronze buckle and a decorated glass armlet.
Further archaeological remains survive in the vicinity of this site but are not included because they have not been formally assessed
Legacy
The contents of this record have been generated from a legacy data system.
Legacy System number: LO 145
Legacy System: RSM - OCN
Sources
Websites
Archaeological Investigations at Bellefield Road, Orpington, accessed from
Other
Greater London SMR 070833/00/00, 070773/00/00, 070838/00/00, MLO7654. NMR TQ46NE2. PastScape 4075The Best of All Months Karthika Starts TodayNovember 04, 2013 13:24
The eighth month of Hindu calendar "Karthika" is very auspicious to Hindus. Sun enters Scorpio today the first day of the month "Karthika". During the month Monday is a special day for Vishnu and also Shiva followers. This time, Karthika started with Monday. All Shiva temples are crowded with the devotees and filled with Shiva’s name reverberating in the temple surroundings.
It is believed that the Devas are ready to receive the deeds of worship of the devotees during the month. Because of this belief Hindus observe fast, perform pooja regularly during the month. Bathing at the early hours is observed in spite of the cold weather.
As per Skanda Purana, Lord Brahma tells sage Narada that out of all months Karthika is the best. The spiritual practices to be followed are, Japa- chanting of the name of God, Pooja- worshipping God with flowers and lighting ghee lamps, Brahmacharya- practicing of celebasy, Tulasi/Devi pooja- worshipping the Tulasi or Devi who are Deveries of Lord Vishnu, Dana- giving charity, Anushtana- regular pooja observing austerities.
The month is auspicious to the devotees of Vishnu and also Shiva, male and female devotees. All Mondays in the month of Karthik are Lord Shiva’s days on which day Shiva is believed to be engaged in giving away boons to his devotees. On the day of full moon in Karthika, oil lamps are left in the waters like Rivers or ponds by women folk in the evening which is called Kartika Deepam. Today also being Karthik Padyami (first day of the month), oil lamps (divas) are left in the nearest water source by the women at early hours.
The month Karthika is deemed to be the best for taking a Mantra or spiritual practices from a Guru. Even Ayurveda says that a medicine for long ailments should be started in Karthika for better results.
News received from Hyderabad, Srisailam, Guntur, Rajahmundry and Coastal Andhra of devotees thronging the Siva temples.
-SriJa Prime Joint Support Formula by Isotonix is the best!..
- Cesarone MR et al. Improvement in circulation and in cardiovascular risk factors with a proprietary isotonic bioflavonoid formula OPC-3. Angiology. 59(4):408-14, 2008.
- Cesarone MR et al. Accelerated antioxidant bioavailability of OPC-3 bioflavonoids administered as isotonic solution. Phytotherapy Research. 23(6):775-7,
Brilliant
I love this product, has helped so much with my knees and back.
on
- Shop Consultant
Feeling Better!
I have been using the Prime Joint Support Formula for a while now. I fee like it helps my joints feel better. They aren't so stiff after a busy day. I give it a thumbs up!!
on
Excelent product
I recommend it! It is an excelent product.
on
This product is amazing!
I've used this product for about 6 weeks. My hips and knees feel amazing!
on
- Staff Reviewer
great stuff
greatCHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. – University of Virginia men’s basketball team remains in the CBS Sports Top 25 and breaks into the AP Top 25 rankings for the first time this season at #18. CBS Sports Top 25 had the Cavaliers at #21 last week and #19 this week. After beating Rhode Island and taking the preseason NIT Tip Off title Friday night, the Cavaliers are starting to turn heads.
Isaiah Wilkins on defense (Photo by Abbie Parr/Getty Images)
Isaiah Wilkins scored a team high 19 points to lead the “Wahoos” to the victory over the Rams and remain unbeaten on the season. Wilkins is the step-son of NBA Hall of Famer Dominque Wilkins, who earned the nickname of the ”Human Highlight Film” for his arsenal of high-flying dunks during the 1980s.
UVA (6-and-0) hosts Wisconsin (3-and-3) at the John Paul Jones Arena on Monday night for the annual Big Ten/ACC Challenge.This simple vegan salad is great for your holiday party! With crunchy macadamia nuts, hint of a kick from ground cayenne and the sweet taste of our organic coconut vinegar you’ll have your guests scraping the bottom of the bowl! With this salad we prepared a special dressing recipe using our Coconut Syrup flavored Coconut Vinegar and our Garlic flavored Coconut Oil.
Prep Time: 15 min / Cook Time: 35 min / Total Time: 50 min
Ingredients: Makes (6-7) Servings
- 2 Tbsp - Liquid Premium Coconut Oil - Original (PCO)
- 4 Medium Sweet Potatoes - Peeled and cut into 1/2 inch slices
- 1/4 Cup Raw Macadamia Nuts
- 1/2 Tsp - Sea Salt
- 1/2 Tsp - Cayenne
- 1/4 Tsp - Ground Black Pepper
- Chopped Chives
NUCO Dressing Ingredients:
- 1/3 Cup - Garlic Premium Coconut Oil
- 2 Tbsp - Coconut Syrup Vinegar
- 2 Tbsp - Balsamic Coconut Vinegar
- 1 Tbsp - Dijon Mustard
- 1 1/2 Tbsp - Agave
- 1/2 Tsp - Sea Salt
- 1/4 Tsp - Chipotle Chili Powder
#COOKWITHNUCO Directions:
- Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
- Wash sweet potatoes thoroughly before peeling and cutting. Toss cubed sweet potatoes in a medium size bowl and combine with PCO, salt and pepper. Place sweet potatoes in the oven and roast for 35 minutes, until tender.
- While your sweet potatoes are roasting thick together your dressing ingredients in a small bowl or blender.
- Toss sweet potatoes with scallions, cayenne pepper, crushed macadamia nuts and dressing sauce. Top with chives and serve warm or at room temperature.
Can this be put into a pineapple, with the inside removed,and served that way.As our regular viewers know, we monitor Proxibid continuously for correct and incorrect descriptions of California fractional gold. So it was good to read how EBW Coin described a real but damaged gold quarter dollar, incorporating everything we have recommended for four years.
EBW Coin notes the correct designation of this small gold piece, 1871-H BG-857, Round, XF Details. There are several variations for this year, so the “H” after the date is necessary. The correct Breen-Gillio number is used. Some issues in 1871 were octagonal, so the term “Round” is correct, as is the designation and the notation of “Details” or damage to the lot (in this case, solder).
We especially like the lot description. Instead of hype, EBW Coin states the obvious: The coin was removed from a pin and has damage. It is a tiny gold piece, smaller than a dime. And the good advice: If you don’t know exactly what you are bidding on, please do not bid.
We would extend that advice to auctioneers: If you don’t exactly what you are describing, don’t write the description or list the lot because for every genuine coin, there are a dozen fake and replica pieces made of gold plate or brass.
To learn more, view our most popular post: California Gold: Real, Replica and Fake..Do you often wonder how to teach your kids money management principles so that they can manage their finances efficiently when they grow up?
You would think that it's not appropriate to teach money lessons to children unless they enter their teen years.
However, it's not always true.
There are certain money lessons which you should start teaching your kids right from young age.
1 Introduce kids to money at young age
Experts suggest that you should start introducing your kids to money management when they are 2-3 years of age.
Yes, you heard it right!
2 Do not delay to start the conversation
Experts suggest that the age when the kids start learning social norms like saying “Thank You” and “Please”, it is the right time to have an open conversation regarding money.
Also, you should let your children know that talking about money is a private conversation.
3 Explain that money doesn't grow on trees
It is quite important to teach your children that everyone has to work hard to earn and that money doesn't grow on trees.
You should teach this when they're at junior school.
You can also walk a step forward by assigning them some simple household chores and giving them cents or dollar bills (depending on the work) on completing the task.
This will help them understand that they need to work hard to earn dollars.
4 Plan a suitable budget with their help
Budgeting - The most essential and crucial step in financial planning.
After explaining the principles of budgeting, allocate a certain amount to them.
Doing so, you can build the habit of making good financial decisions. At the same time you can make sure they're capable of making good decisions.
5 Make them realize that perseverance pays
You can teach money management strategies without even discussing about money.
Wondering how's that possible? Involve your kids to bake a homemade pizza instead of buying one from the shop. This way, they'll learn that they've to wait in order to have tasty and healthy food.
Ask them to wait for sometime to get it.
6 Try to build the habit of saving
In continuation to the last point, also make your children practice the habit of saving.
Give them cents or dollar bills (depending on the amount of work) for simple household chores, or arranging their belongings nicely.
When they're able to save a certain amount, give the rest of the amount and buy them the toy.
7 Make learning fun and enjoyable
Already the children remain busy with studies and after school activities when they're at their pre-teens or teens.
So, instead of just sitting and teaching them money management skills, try to make it an enjoyable affair.
How?
When you've selected the items to purchase and you're at the register, make sure the kids watch how you're buying the things and paying money. This way, they'll learn the value of money.
Apart from this, you can also learn how to teach kids about money age-by-age.Graduate Building Surveyor found on Rydon
About the Job
At Rydon, our aim is to improve local communities - through housing, healthcare and education solutions - for the benefit of current and future generations. We are a dynamic, multi talented organisation, working across a wide range of construction market sectors within the built environment. Rydon has established a strong reputation for the quality within our new-build and maintenance sectors.
For over 40 years, we've recruited talented and innovative people to build and maintain homes, schools, hospitals, student accommodation and more. We combine a personal touch with outstanding technical expertise to deliver award-winning, quality facilities for local communities with a commitment from people who are passionate about what they do.
Rydon Maintenance is an expanding division of the Rydon Group which within our housing contracts provides hard facilities management services to tenanted and void properties on a unique partnering agreement basis for housing associations.
Rydon's graduate scheme is designed to allow recent building surveying graduates the opportunity to put what they've learnt into practice.
We are currently seeking to recruit a Graduate Building Surveyor to work on one of our flagship partnership contracts in Islington delivering ongoing lifecycle and cyclical maintenance works to residential buildings. This is an exciting opportunity where you will be carrying out property surveys and managing associated works on Victorian/Edwardian Street properties and listed buildings within conservation areas.
In this varied role you will have the opportunity to attend homes to diagnose any maintenance or repair issues and liaise with supply chain partners to then price and then deliver the work. In what is likely to be your first professional role, you will be trained as part of the Building Surveying team. You will learn practical building surveying skills through working closely with a mentor which will allow you to grow professionally and put into practice what you have learnt from your studies.
As a Building Surveyor you will;
Identify defects and areas of repair for the maintenance and conservation of residential buildings and design solutions. You will liaise with our subcontractors obtaining quotes for works and managing work through to completion. The types of works will be a range of low and high value and varied from replacing a front door or bath to a replacement roof, retaining walls or wooden sash windows. You'll also manage resident expectations and ensure that buildings meet the required health and safety regulations and deal with planning applications advising on building legislation and regulations.
Could a Graduate Building self driven, this could be for you.
As a graduate, you can expect the following training and development as part of our scheme.
On the job training
You will receive training in the following:
- Financial cost control
- Subcontractor comparisons
- Subcontractor enquiries
- General training in building surveying
- Appropriate Health & Safety Training.
Our graduate scheme requires a minimum or a 2:2 in a building surveying related degree..
Our application process is very straight forward allowing you to apply with a CV (from your Computer or Dropbox), LinkedIn, Facebook or Google+ and should take no more than a few short minutes.
For details on our rewards, recognition and benefits pleaseclick here.
For more details on our culture and what it’s like to work at Rydon, pleaseclick here.
Further information on how to apply can be found byclicking here.
To apply online, please use the 'apply for this job link' at the top of this page.“Let’s Talk Autism” is the inaugural podcast series created by Drumbeat Media. Adapted from a film project designed to allow the voices of young people to be heard talking openly and frankly about living with autism, the series aims to model and invoke conversation and communication in a safe and informal way about autism and the issues surrounding the condition.
Hosted by Stevie, Sarahlin and Victoria, three young people diagnosed with Autism, each episode explores a different area of their lives, the three hosts discuss the topic with one another before meeting a different guest each week relating to the matter.
Once the project had been completed Dr Kathryn Stevenson, Dr Viv Hinchcliffe & Katie Cornell worked collaboratively to produce a research paper printed in the Nasen journal, which you can read below.No Records Found
Sorry, no records were found. Please adjust your search criteria and try again.
Saltburn Surf School offers surf lessons for individuals (one on one tuition) or for groups on Saltburn beach.
We can cater for ages 8 upwards with no upper age limit.
Our weather forecast for Saltburn-by-the-Sea.Poseidon, Sunny Beach 1 bedroom resale apartment for sale
Ref : SA046
Address :Sunny Beach
Sunny Beach
Amenities :
- Parking
- Pool
- Furnished
- Elevator
Availability date : 08 June 2018
Financial informations :
DETAILS :
We offer this excellent resale apartment for sale in the 4 star "Poseidon" apart-hotel complex in the Northern part of Sunny Beach just 100m from the beach close to all of the top hotels.
The apartment is situated on the 7th floor with a pool view and is sold fully furnished to a high standard. The apartment is spacious at just under 71.58 m2.
Everything you need is on your doorstep including an on site restaurant & lobby bar, plus supermarket, 2 swimming pools, medical centre & secure parking. Most importantly the fabulous beach and bustling pedestrian promenade full of shops bars, restaurants and loads of water sports is just 100m away.
Location
100m from the lively promenade and beach
Near to bars, restaurants and shops to be found nearby
15 minute walk to the resort centre
Facilities:
Swimming pool
Children’s pool
Terrace with sunbeds
Bar (open 24 hours) Reception
RestaurantThis One-Owner 2004 Featherlite Vantaré was garage-kept and meticulously maintained through out it’s entire lifetime and the benefits of the previous owners passion for his coach can be your benefit with this incredible coach. Upgrades and Updates Include:
Contact us today for complete details on this preowned 2004 Featherlite Coaches double-slide Prevost H model conversion motorhome.SHOW FULL TEXT
As control of the Senate will look to Wisconsin where Democrat Tammy Baldwin he’s facing Republican challenger Lee book near the economy is certainly a big issue. But I think in this particular Senate race . It’s been interesting to see health care really rise to the forefront that’s next time I here now this afternoon starting at one o’clock .
Support for the UNC come from my dog tests full service realtors offering alternative methods are buying and telling real estate serving the triangle since 22 now also serving in the tribe his permission. My dad tests .
Corporal music festival celebrating 21 years of live local music all over town free shuttle bus available Sunday , September 30th of starting in the corporal music festival.com warned a 30-year-old nonprofit promoting open public discussion an informed decision making regarding North Carolina’s climate of responsibilities and opportunities for distributed solar energy storage in worn out or.
This is the state of things I’m Frank Stasio. So what happens when you take the classic a classical instrument like the flute and you add electronic sounds with a dash of hip hop and neo-soul vocals , you get flu try next . The duo composed of flu test Natalie Schwab sham and Alison logins Hull they’re in town for a concert tomorrow night on the campus of UNC-Chapel Hill and a 2-year residency at UNC Natalee’s Wasim and Alison logins how our flu trying and they’re here with me now . Welcome to both of you . Good to have you here . Perhaps , but haven’t you . Thanks for having us tell us about this because you’re both classically trained clue lists Natalie talking about studying at Juilliard . What we , what was , what were your intentions . What do you expect to be .
I , it’s funny you know a lot of people say it’s basically born in the Juilliard lobby because I started going to their proper grams and as 10 years old so almost all of my musical training happen. Been there , and I love that , you know give me such an excellent foundation and in terms of my technique my school my understanding of the practice and the complexity of classical music , but I will also say that back wave act when Juilliard right across the street . There used to be a Tower Records and I as a really young child used to spend a lot of time and that Tower Records at listening sessions listening to our other kinds of music as well and so I sort of credit . Both of those as my , as my musical education and a big reason why food products is a big part of my life .
Also what about you.
Yeah , well I went to see purges which the fall and Westchester County and New York and there was really where I saw the most growth I guess you could say , as a young trained musician then I really all that art and my teacher there Tara Helen O’Connor and prior to that I had been really , really self-taught for the most part , when I became 15 years old I it really occurred to me that this is the thing that I really loved to do and I was like , you know what I’m really I’m I’m going to try to go over this thing and like figure out what this is all about , say , at that point I started taking private lessons and then I really got serious and was exposed to this whole world of you know , classical music in there and and what that means to be trained in that , in that , in that way , so I then went on to purchase a study retire who really took my plane to a whole nother level and then I did graduate school at NYU and composition composition , actually.
And so , what do you , what are you imagining especially at the tender age of 15 you love the music you want to participate in it and perform it. How are you imagining yourself or you on stage . Are you part of an orchestra you’re doing solo what hope , what’s your vision of yourself in that moment .
That’s a great question. I actually never saw myself in an orchestra per se , though . I’ve always loved orchestral music I’ve always loved the use of the flu and in many symphonic pieces , but for me I I didn’t really know how this would unfold you know but I I knew that it would be doing something creative and maybe a little bit different and that really didn’t come together until Natalie and I you know that period in our lives . Until we came into one another’s lives , but I just knew that I wanted to play and I knew that I wanted a life in music , not exclusively classical but just music in general . I’ve always been a lover of so many genres of music and I don’t know that when when I realized like okay , I can maybe do this loop thing and just play music that was it . Yeah .
Well , it’s a great story about how you U2 came together and then formed the sound that is flu Tron and we could talk about that , or alternatively , we could actually play some of it and hear it. Why don’t we do that , let’s listen to Lil for trying right now .
So.
Okay. You know .
Stay.
Me.
That is just a clip from the song she is by flu trial next from their album 2.0 Natalee’s Russian is on vocals and flute Alison logins Hull on flute flute performs Friday at 8 o’clock on the campus of UNC-Chapel Hill. Now we talk about how you U2 came together you are both in the New York City area , but apparently didn’t know each other , is that right .
Yeah , it’s funny because we really were just a year apart school and as anybody who plays an instrument growing up and and is that active in their region. It’s pretty usual that you know you know the kids around your age who are doing the same thing . And so it was funny that Alison I had grown up all these years and never really ran into each other at any food events and so I may be dating myself a little bit but about it .
Tower Records story David that that the still never survive , so I was on a social media platform called Myspace and at the time , you know you could have.Self Employed & Contractors
Being self-employed is both rewarding and demanding in equal measure. Ensuring you comply with all current legislation whilst running your own business can be challenging.
We have many self-employed clients and help them in a wide variety of ways including managing their paperwork and making sure they complete all of the correct forms on time, avoiding late filing penalties.
Our services for those of you who are self employed include:
- Business plans and HMRC registration
- Accounting system advice and bookkeeping
- National Insurance Contributions
- VAT registration and returns
- Financial reviews and management accounts
From the construction industry and engineering contractors, to doctors, hairdressers, and many others, we can help you keep your accounts up-to-date and make sure you are running your business in the most tax efficient manner.
At MCC we believe in pro-active assistance rather than just sitting back and waiting for your instructions. Your accountant should be there to advise on best practices, update you on changes to the law and keep you aware of money savings that are available through Government initiatives. We know that if you thrive with our assistance then we will benefit from that so we are always looking to help our clients run their businesses in the best way possible.
If you have any questions or would like to arrange a preliminary meeting please give us a call on 0161 707 1500. We specialise in clients based in Manchester and Salford but work with others across the North West.
The workout that's most likely to cause an injury
Make sure you warm up properly!
Make sure you warm up properly!
Make sure you warm up properly! U.S. National Electronic Injury Surveillance System to assess each and every workout-related trip to the emergency room that took place in 2016. ER trips, mostly complaining of damage to the head. There were approximately the same number of incidents involving weights, although these mostly caused injury to the upper torso.
While some of the ER trips were mere accidents, a lot were inadvertently self-inflicted, serving as a reminder to make sure you listen to your body when exercising. Don't push yourself that bit further if you're not sure your body can handle it; you may end up sitting in the waiting room of your local hospital instead of on the gym floor.Monday message 02.19.2018
Activities… 
Learner Spotlight: Nolan Grimes
Last year, Nolan Grimes started training at Firestorm Freerunning and Acrobatics, a parkour gym. This is a popular vendor with iLEAD learners who dream of one day competing on America Ninja Warrior! From day one, Nolan’s coach, Richard “Freelove” Young,… 
Field Trip to the Getty Villa
Described as “fabulous” by one of the parents, our field trip to the amazing Getty Villa took our learners on a trip back in time as they learned about the architecture, art, and culture of ancient Greece and Rome! Our… 
Hyperion Water Reclamation Plant Field Trip
iLEAD learners took on a smelly challenge! They gathered at the Hyperion Water Reclamation Plant to inspect how Los Angeles processes our raw sewage waste. They discovered the fascinating ways sewage is cooked and stirred with bacteria to produce electrical… 
Guide Dogs of America Field Trip
On Feb. 6, learners had the opportunity to visit the Guide Dogs of America campus in Sylmar. Twenty-one people showed up for a very informative tour of the beautiful campus and received a wealth of information about guide dogs and… 
Coffee Connection in Valencia
In the spirit of Valentine’s Day, learners participated in a “Cupid’s Challenge” STEM activity at our coffee connection in Valencia. Learners were given 10 plastic cups that each had a specific point total. They were asked to design a cup… Seller: 55marley (8,603) 99.9%, Location: Ventura, California, Ships to: US, Item: 312481770214 This is the 2019(W)1oz .999 Struck at West Point Silver Eagle graded by PCGS MS69 First Strike in the West Point Label. The coin and slab are in great condition. International, FPO, and APO shipping are not available. Payment is expected within 3 days. This is the Silver Eagle you will receive. Thank you for viewing this listing. Condition: Coin and slab are in great condition., Composition: Silver, Mint Location: West Point, Grade: MS 69FS, Certification: PCGS, Year: 2019, Circulated/Uncirculated: Uncirculated, Certification Number: 689681.69/36700921, Modified Item: No, California Prop 65 Warning: None, Country/Region of Manufacture: United States, Strike Type: Business, Denomination: $1)
A year or two ago our daughter shared with us the news that the company she works for had been sold. The news caught Madison and her fellow employees by surprise. In her initial shock, she naturally wondered what this would mean for her, her employment, and ultimately her career.
In my own career I’ve had the experience of working with multiple companies who have been acquired. So, I talked Madison through what she would likely experience. “Nothing is going to change” is usually the initial mantra, followed by transitional leadership in the executive and upper management ranks. I’ve also noticed that the first year after an acquisition there is usually a natural exodus of employees looking for, and finding, other employment before they can be laid off or experience the changes they fear are coming. Cultural changes are often the first things to be noticed on the front-lines. Significant changes in structure and operations often start, if they start, about 12-18 months after the sale.
I talked through my observations with Madison and discussed her options. It was another one of those forks in life’s road that I wrote about on Friday, when one asks “Should I stay or should I go?”
In today’s chapter of Jeremiah, we read about a very different kind of transition. The chapter continues to tell of the aftermath of Babylon’s hostile takeover of the nation of Judah and the destruction of Jerusalem. Just as there is a pattern I’ve observed in what happens after a business acquisition, there was also a similar pattern to how ancient empires handled the aftermath of their successful siege victories. The King of Babylon and his army take the best and brightest captive back to Babylon to celebrate victory He leaves behind a governor and small military contingent to manage the mostly old, poor, and destitute citizens who are left in the area.
In all of the destruction, chaos, and transition there remains among those Judean citizens left a heady mixture of fear, anxiety, rage, and opportunism. A distant member of the royal line of Judah takes out a vendetta against the new governor appointed by the Babylonians. He arranges dinner with the new Governor, and then assassinates the Governor and his guard, taking the rest of the household captive.
An army officer and his men form a posse and chase after the assassin and his men. They rescue the captives, but the assassin and most of his crew escape. Realizing that they could easily be held accountable by the King of Babylon for allowing the governor’s assassination, the army officer and his men make plans to flee to Egypt. Talk about a whole lot of chaos.
This morning I’m thinking about transitions that I’ve experienced along my life journey that were out of my control. Transitions in family circumstances, unexpected tragedies and death, transitions in church leadership, transitions of companies for whom I worked, and transitions in organizations with whom I was involved. Transitions are a natural part of life. When they come suddenly and unexpectedly they create a certain disorientation among those effected. With the disorientation there can be all sorts of chaos and crazy-making. It’s that disorientation and subsequent chaos Jeremiah chronicles in today’s chapter.
Personally, I’ve learned that managing these times of unexpected transition requires drawing on faith and spiritual resources I’ve built up along my journey. First, I draw upon my faith that I can trust God amidst my present circumstances. God has led me thus far, and there’s no reason to stop trusting that God will continue to lead me because of an unexpected curve in the road. Second, I have confidence in what I’ve been promised. God is not going to leave me or forsake me. I can cast all my anxieties and fears on God and trust God’s plan for my life journey. Third, I have good companions who will walk with me, listen to me, encourage me, and remind me of what I know to be true even when I’m tempted to forget.
I can’t always control life’s transitions, but I can develop the spiritual and relational reserves necessary to handle the transitions when they come.Next during the record will come completeness. The message composed, either in a email or possibly a business letter, need to bring the desirable effects. Like each detail such as the reader’s desires and wants, a single must be ready to comprehend desires, attitudes, background, viewpoints, and thoughts to
1As April draws to a close we are catching our breath here on the croft. Last weekend we were off the island meeting up with new friends for a surprise birthday party spent in the gorgeous spring sunshine on the beach. A fleeting mainland trip taking in a music event, getting to know new friends who’s lives have criss crossed with ours so many times over the last 10 years that it is a miracle we have not managed to meet before now. So much in common meant that a few hours over a glass of wine or two soon remedied that and we felt like old friends within a very short space of time.
We returned home on the ferry with the first two volunteers of 2015. By a quirk of coincidence it happened to be our third anniversary on Rum. A similar type of day weatherwise with sun shining, a gorgeous calm crossing and a not dissimilar feeling of trepidation. We were met at the ferry by our friend who had been Bonnie sitting so had an excited dog welcoming us home too. We loaded our stuff, our volunteers stuff and one of the volunteers into the car with Ady and the rest of us walked to the pier. Tea, cakes (mainland junk food cakes!) and chats with the volunteers before we left them to settle in and pitch their tents.
For various reasons we were not around as we had initially intended when we arranged for these volunteers to be with us this week but that certainly did not prevent them from doing an amazing job of removing the top soil from the cob house footprint. Suddenly we can really see the space where our new home may stand. It was very sad not to have as much time to work alongside and really get to know our volunteers as that is usually one of the real highlights of having people here but their presence meant our absence was negated and they did an fantastic job of replacing our labour this week.
So, onto the next phase, a little more digging and clearing and then we are onto filling it all back in again with gravel and drainage.
Meanwhile this past week has seen bright sunshine worthy of t shirts, hail and really quite heavy snow with freezing winds and bitter temperatures. Punctuated today with the first signs of the midges. Ah Rum, never allowing us the opportunity for complacency or feeling mundane.Couple Shoots Winter Formal 2015 April 16, 2015 / 1 Comment Here are some pictures from some couple shoots I did for Winter Formal! Makes me miss high school and getting to dress up all fancy. More to come soon! xx, Kelsey. Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
One Comment
Rosemariae
Hello! What location is this ^_^ Thank you!Good things come in pink boxes and the larger the box the better. The largest box of doughnut ever just earned Voodoo the Guinness record last Saturday. Of course, the box was pink! I happened to be there a few days before the record attempt and there was a long line of people wanting their own little pink box around the block. Like everyone else, I was told that the magic was in the hole and I had to see it for myself.
Notice the Voodoo doll doughnuts and the incredible variety. The neat fact is that they are open 24/7 and that they have a doughnut answer for any craving including grape and bacon! The names are very creative, the colors amazing and they do taste all right. The prices are even reasonable. The owners really have invented the magic potion, sorry I meant magic rings.
The shop is in Portland Oregon and well worth a visit if you are in town. The decor is very “Voodoo” and the doughnuts are incredible or at least touched by Voodoo stuff.
The irony of it all is that across the street from Voodoo there is a weird inscription on a brick wall…..
And they do keep it weird, so they do!
All photos (except first, last, and 2 small ones) courtesy of Veronica Best.
I want to move to Portland!Description
A beautiful pregnancy oil which contains Vitamin E and essential oils which may help to reduce stretch marks.
DIRECTIONS
Apply required amount in gentle circular strokes where needed, concentrating on the areas with stretched and delicate skin. Massage gently. Re-apply if needed.
INGREDIENTS
Fractionated Coconut Oil , Virgin Organic Hemp seed Oil, Virgin Organic Rosehip Oil, Virgin Organic Argan oil, Olive Squalane, Virgin Pomegranate seed Oil, Virgin Blackcurrant oil, Virgin Red Raspberry seed Oil, Vitamin E, Essential oils of Sweet orange, Rose otto, neroli, Ylang yang, Sandalwood, Carrot seed, Seabuckthorn
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Are you finding it difficult to write a cover letter?
If so, you’ve got company. Every week, we get dozens of questions about writing cover letters from our clients, so we’ve thought of coming up with a list of the most frequently asked cover letter questions, with answers to guide you.
Do I need a cover letter?
Cover letter is important in the sense that it entices the Hiring Manager or Recruiter to proceed in reading your resume. There’s no doubt that a good cover letter can spell the difference in between getting noticed or passed over. Also, a cover letter is necessary, not just important, in the following cases:
- If the job ad requires a cover letter;
- If the potential employer, Hiring Manager, or Recruiter requests one;
- If you’re applying directly to someone who you know;
- If someone has referred you for the role;
- If you know something about the job and role; and
- If you aren’t sure if there are available jobs in your target company.
But – cover letters are not always required. For instance, you might not need a cover letter when you’re applying online. Some applicant tracking software don’t allow candidates to send their cover letters. In this case, don’t worry. Just upload your resume or fill out the online form.
Should a cover letter always be on page?
It depends. A one-page cover letter is typically true for roughly 90% of job applicants. Your objective is to intrigue the reader, and get him to closely read the information you sent across. In most situations, you can accomplish this goal on one page.
There may be situations though when two-page letters are recommended particularly for the following types of job seekers:
- Career or Industry Changers
- C-Level Executives
- Scientists and Technologists
- Individuals seeking government, university, or academic appointments
What if I don’t know the addressee’s name?
If you intend to send your cover letter to a company and you don’t have the name of a person to whom you can address the letter, take some time to find out who the appropriate contact is before deciding to use a generic salutation. Using a generic salutation (example: Dear Sir/Madam, To Whom It May Concern) can create unfavourable impressions and may imply that you’re not too resourceful to research who the Hiring Manager or Recruiter is for the role. Try calling the company and explain to their representative that you don’t want to send your cover letter without a specific name.
However, if you cant find a person to whom you can address the cover letter despite considerable research, be specific in your generic salutation. Direct the cover letter either to the Hiring Manager or Recruiter accountable for the position, and then include the position name so it’s apparent what you’re applying for when someone opens your mail and reviews your cover letter. For instance, use: ‘Hiring Manager for Sales Manager Position’ or ‘HR Recruiter for Administrative Assistant Position.’ This will help your cover letter be directed to the right person as immediately as possible.
Do I have to mention why I’m currently in the job market?
It’s absolutely not a requirement for you to explain this in your cover letter, unless you are specifically asked to do so. When asked, use the reason why you’re currently looking for a new job as a way to sell yourself to a company’s selection team (example: “I want to further my career by acquiring new skills and experience.”) Avoid stating that you want to leave your current company because you’re unhappy with your daily commute or the number of hours you have to work as these could make you appear negative.
Should I include my salary requirement?
Only supply your salary information when responding to an advertisement that specifically requested your salary history or requirements. Failing to include this information shows lack of attention to detail or inability to follow specific instructions. If salary information is requested, our advice is to always use a range to give yourself a little bit of breathing room. Giving a salary range could also tell the Hiring Manager that you require a little more information (which is usually provided during the interview) before you give them a definite answer.
Should my cover letter be an attachment of just the body of email?
Either, but not both. Don’t think about replicating the cover letter in both the email and the attachment.
Though ideally, our advice is to copy the content of your cover letter and paste it as body of the email. This will give you the opportunity to make a strong first impression the moment the reviewer opens his inbox. You can draw someone in with a compelling opening line, and then demonstrate the ways in which you could contribute to the potential employer.
If, instead, you decide to attach your cover letter together with your resume, your email should be brief and direct the reader to open the attachments. See example below:
- “I’ve learned that you are looking for a Senior Sales Manager with strong business-to-business experience and knowledge of Cloud. That’s me. My attached resume and cover letter outline my relevant qualifications for the role. Thank you very much for your consideration, and I hope to hear from you.”
Keep this very brief if you go this route, so those on the receiving end won’t have difficulties in plowing through long email and all your attachments.
Additional tip:
Make sure your cover letter, resume, and other job search materials look the same. Choose a standard presentation (font style, size, heading, format) for your documents, and stick with it.
Want to stand out in a sea of highly qualified job seekers? Do you need assistance in writing a cover letter to attract the interest and get employers to read your resume? Click here to ask us how. Or avail your new cover letter now.
Visit: for more info or connect with us through LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook.
2 thoughts on “Answers to the Most Frequently Asked Cover Letter Questions”- HemR
- SpeciesPropionibacterium freudenreichii
- Insert Size (bp)780
- Promoter T7
- Tag / Fusion Protein
- 6x-his (N terminal on backbone)
Cloning Information
- Cloning method Unknown
- 5′ sequencing primer T7 short(Common Sequencing Primers)
Resource Information
- Terms and Licenses-HemR was a gift from Christopher Voigt (Addgene plasmid # 51173 ; ; RRID:Addgene_51173)Bangkok Ebony & Russian Escorts Thailand
Ebony Escorts
Are you ready to open your mind to have a new experience? If you are ready, then take a moment and look at our Ebony Escorts. We can offer you to spend your time with slender and buxom girls! Our girls will be a good choice for you if you are looking for a good time with someone exotic. We can guarantee that you will not be disappointed.
Ebony Escorts girls are more than just pretty faces. They are wild and hot temper women with great personalities. Prepare to forget about everything! They can easy drive you mad. Don’t be afraid to tell them what you want them to do. They will make your dreams come true! There are many ways how you can spend your time with our girls.
You will be charmed by their black beauty. If you always dreamed about spending time with a beautiful and hot black girl, stop dreaming! It’s time to make your dreams real. Add colors to your life with our Ebony Escorts!
Color matters! Experience the new sensations with our Ebony Escorts girls. Exotic cuties will not leave you without attention and make your evening perfect. Black beauty knows how to surprise an experienced man and leave a good impression. Shiny skin, deep eyes, and perfect forms create the hottest combination. Our elite ladies are in great shape. Moreover, naughty Ebony Escorts girls are always in a good mood.
You can have dinner with a beautiful lady or take a walk with her through Bangkok. If it’s cold outside, ask your new girlfriend to retire together in a warm and comfortable room. Don’t deny yourself the pleasure and spend this evening in the company of an intelligent and very attractive girl. Expand your horizons and try something new with Ebony Escorts.
It is never too late to interrupt a boring evening and get in touch with our company. Our site presents the most beautiful girls in Thailand who are waiting for your call just now. Don’t waste your time and ask them out on a first date!Product highlights
Features & design
Exterior
- Adjustable shoulder closures with touch and close fastening
- Adjustable side closures with touch and close fastening
- Durable touch and close fastener
- External front and back plate pocket (dimension plates: width: 25 cm / height: 30 cm)
Interior
- Heat and sweat management by 3D spacer technology with extra ventilation
- Elastic belly belt
SizesSize chart
- S: S - 3XL
- L: S - 3XLSW Distribution Problem – Bug
I have been fighting with a ConfigMgr SW Distribution problem today. When attempting to add a new package to a Distribution Point, I kept getting the following messages in the SMS_DISTRIBUTION_MANAGER status messages:
SMS Distribution Manager is beginning to process package "App Name" (package ID = ABC000AB).
SMS Distribution Manager is preparing to send the compressed image of package "ABC000AB" to child site "XYZ".
SMS Distribution Manager failed to compress package "ABC000AB" from "\\Domain.com\dfsroot\AppSource\AppNameFolder" to "e:\_S Mq4zc.TMP". The file that failed the compression is "".
SMS Distribution Manager failed to process package "App Name" (package ID = ABC000AB).
From the above you can tell that I am using a DFS root for the source of the package…something I’ve done often. I confirmed (multiple times) that permissions were correct. I could open a command prompt running as system and access the files on the share without a problem. I also confirmed length of the path was not too long. No matter what I did, it still failed. Changing it to a UNC path pointing back at the ConfigMgr server would work fine…but could not get it to work from the DFS root.
Here is other relevant data…the ConfigMgr server that I am distributing from is running Windows Server 2008 and ConfigMgr SP2 R2. The file server that holds the DFS root is running Windows Server 2008 R2.
After a long bit of searching I came across a TechNet thread where someone else who was having a similar issue. The last post in that thread has the answer…it’s a bug in Server 2008 when attempting to read a file from a share that isn’t running Server 2008. This doesn’t present itself via the GUI…it only happens when an application is using the BackupRead function to access the files. There is a downloadable fix available () that resolved the issue in my case.Make Tax Time Pay Training March 16th
Contact: Annie Mueller
Online Registration
- Registration for this event is now closed.
Training dates are as follows:
Saturday, March 16.one more problem:
navigating in sketchup is nice, may be some workflow-improvement, too.
it surely does -if set up correctly- enhance sketchups speed.
but, if i select some entity, like a line and want to move this line e.g. to close a loop, it does work as usual, but only if i DONT use the SN while moving this line. If i navigate with it while moving something- or even just hover over the entities- it crashes down.
sketchup crash issue
Questions and answers about 3Dconnexion devices on Windows.
Moderator: Moderators
Post Reply
2 posts • Page 1 of 1
Post Reply
2 posts • Page 1 of 1Michael Flaherty
- 39 comments
- Add new comment
Councilor wants to add an extra year to high school for kids who need some extra help to get ready for college or work.
Essaibi-George, DaRosa, Flaherty, Garrison, King, Payaso, Pressley, Wu.
Doctors, city councilors debate idea of center where addicts could shoot up under medical supervision.
Boston City Council approves upping quotas for Boston residents, minorities and women on large construction projects
But who will enforce it? The council today voted unanimously to approve amendments to the city's existing construction policy to up the number of Boston residents large developers should hire from 50% to 51%, the number of people of color from 25% to 40% and the number of women from 10% to 12%. Read more..
The Motor Mart garage roof in Park Square served as a helipad in 1947. Photo by Leslie Jones.
The city won't build GE a helipad without scrutiny from the City Council. On Wednesday, the council formally votes to approve at-large Councilor Michael Flaherty's proposal for a hearing on the city's proposal for a public helipad somewhere closer to GE's impending Fort Point headquarters..
At-large City Councilor Michael Flaherty wants to ensure no neighborhood get too many pot dispensaries should voters approve recreational marijuana use on top of the medical marijuana use they approved in 2012.
The council tomorrow considers his request for a hearing on a proposal to amend city zoning codes to keep marijuana dispensaries at least a mile apart should legal weed happen - or, as he puts it, "no closer than 1 mile, or 5,280 feet.".CLOUDS OVERHEAD: After Thursday’s snow-sleet-rain in New York, London-bound editors and models were presumably ready to take flight. Unfortunately for them, Friday’s foul weather in the U.K. has been equally unforgiving. Numerous international flights en route to London’s Heathrow Airport have been cancelled or diverted to Newcastle. Georgia Jagger, Jourdann Dunn, Anna Wintour, Hamish Bowles and Carrie Phillips were among those cooling their heels in Newcastle, due to hurricane-force winds, pelting rain and snow. After three hours on the ground in the UK’s 11th busiest airport, the displaced fashion pack were still waiting Friday night to hear whether they would be winging it back to Heathrow or making the 276-mile drive.Toyota Estima for Rental (With or without driver)
5 months ago by ismarizam
S$150
18 Likes
In Vehicle Rentals
Available for bookings for 2018 year end school holidays.
Please contact (whatsapp preferred);
Wan
+6588094553 (Sg)
+60137636361 (My)
Other available options;
1) 7 seaters Vellfire
2) 10 seaters Starex
3) 7seaters Exora
4) 14, 16, 18s Van.
Thank you and looking forward to serving your needs!😊😊😊
MPV
Sell in a Snap, Buy with a Chat
Snap a photo to sell, buy what you want by chatting with sellers right from the app. Get the Free App£11.99
Notify me when this product becomes available:.
Contents: Introduction - Chronology - The way of the warrior - Appearance and equipment - Comanche raiding - Belief and belonging - Experience of battle - Colour plate commentary - Museums - Collecting - Re-enactment - Glossary - Index:,....The Simple Life – Living Single – Lately, I have been doing a lot of thinking of what I really want out of life. Now in my forties, well past the hills of youth, but still young enough to enjoy the journey with wisdom.
When I was younger, I wanted it all. I wanted the money, the power, and the women (my standard Scarface, The Movie Quote), and the freedom to go and do.
I spent years running after something that was less than fulfilling and brought no peace. The money was fun for a short time, but it left me in fear of losing it. The power was commanding and respected but caused pride, the original sin, to be the center of everyday living. And the women, hearts broken, looking for fulfillment in someone other than my creator.
As I read through the bible I find that much of the daily grind isn’t highlighted. Only when we dig deeper do we see the exceptional in the unexceptional moments.
Take Joseph for example; 15 years in prison and only a few moments of his life are highlighted. I wonder what the other 5000 days looked or felt like. Or take Boaz, a man who shows up at the end of his life to help fulfill God’s plan to send a savior. We know nothing of his life before his brief 4-chapter appearance in Ruth and he dies shortly after his child is born.
Over and over God provides a promise to those who in most cases never realize it, but simply live out his calling in their daily life.
Not every moment in life has to be exceptional, however every moment can be responded to in an exceptional way. Simple is not boring, it just means keeping our focus on something greater than ourselves.LV)
So how can you simplify your life in a practical way while also choosing to make those simple moments exceptional?
1. Create order in your life through simple planning.
Repeatedly in the bible we read of God’s plans and how they were laid long before the foundations of creation (Ephesians 1:4-14). He is not sitting in heaven going with the flow, he is the flow. He is a God of order and being created in his image, many of us thrive on that order. The best way to create order is by laying out a simple framework for your life so that it’s more ordered than chaotic. Sometimes we want to get too specific which is when we create more stress rather than using simple planning to alleviate the wondering thoughts. Chose to create a simple plan that provides the flexibility of change.
2. Value the moment rather than seeking a destination.
I have spent the last decade sitting at a desk. I get up at 7, at work by 8, and end my day after the sun goes down. Each day I leave the desk at noon for a run, then back at it within the hour. Comparing that to ten years prior as a CEO of a fast-moving internet company seems rather boring. It took years of discontent to finally come to a place where I placed more value on a moment, then where I thought I wanted to be. Once I concluded that each day was a gift and the moments within that day could be valued in joy, I laid down the discontent for peace. The moment I choose to pick up the ‘what if’s’ is the moment I sacrifice peace.
Last month, my oldest daughter (who is recently engaged) and I were talking about her future. My intention was to pass on some wisdom when my experience, got in the way of truth (God’s Turth). My questions were along the lines of “what if this or that happens, do you have a plan?”
As we just discussed, it’s never wrong to have a plan. But sometimes we can over-complicate things, that don’t need to be. The older we get, security often takes root in plans. It becomes a safety net, but the reality is that sometimes faith and acceptance are more valuable than a plan. That is when we need a reminder.
After my Dad wisdom speech, I get the “Dad…the ‘what if’s’, they will always be there, those are God’s deal.”I was like, wow…that’s good! I knew that; but it reminded me of how easily we seek security through our plans verses God’s promise through his word.
I am sure there is a bible verse on that one. “Give your entire attention to what God is doing right now, and don’t get worked up about what may or may not happen tomorrow. God will help you deal with whatever hard things come up when the time comes.” Matthew 6:34 MSG
Don’t get so caught up with the “what if’s” of life that you forget to LIVE in the now of where God has you.
3. Value people and service more than your wants.
I have been a selfish person. My thoughts and actions have placed more focus on my discomforts rather than honoring God in the moments of discomfort. I have a good sense of empathy until the point it has inconvenienced me. The practice of truly seeking others outside of my comfort zone, placing value on their moments, and being there in service has changed what I value. Freedom today looks a lot like servitude.You, my brothers and sisters, were called to be free. But do not use your freedom to indulge the flesh ; rather, serve one another humbly in love. Galatians 5:13 (NIV)
Life really doesn’t have to be that complicated. The framework for living simple is found in 1 Thessalonians 4:11 which says, “Make it your ambition to lead a quiet life, to mind your own business and to work with your hands, just as we told you, so that your daily life may win the respect of outsiders and so that you will not be dependent on anybody.”
Facebook CommentsStiffest head in its weight class. By far.
Advanced bone-growth optimization software helped us identify low-stress areas where we could remove material without sacrificing strength—giving you an incredibly strong, light, stiff lacrosse head.
The Mark 2V midfield lacrosse head delivers a balance of strength, control, and accuracy to the midfielder or all-around player..Joe Mezza, alongside Nick Tulino and Jenna Sundel, is a Senior Editor for the Patriot Press and has written for the paper since 2016. When not writing for the Patriot Press or listening to Radiohead, Joe is most likely singing somewhere, whether it be with the Wayne Hills Chamber Choir, in the Spring Musical, with Patriot Voices, in the New Jersey Youth Chorus, or just quietly to himself, usually at an inopportune time. He is also a member of NHS, Tri-M, Italian Honor Society, Quiz Bowl, and Student Ambassadors.
About The Distance Learning with 5 Days of Classroom Program
You will have your own personal online instructor assigned to you as soon as you register.
What you will Receive:
This is a two phase program. The first phase begins with you utilizing:
- A copyrighted Textbook - 34 Chapters with a Cross Reference Index between your textbook, the 19CFR and the HTS
- A Companion Workbook - hundreds of previous exam and classifiction questions with detailed analysis
- A References Book - additional references and directives required by CBP
- Audio MP3's - highlights of each chapter
- A Class Notes Book - given out on the first day of class
The LTS Textbook, Workbook, References Book and Class Notes Book can be taken into the exam!
After you register you will be issued a password into a special section of our web site
- A Time Frames Chart
- Fines and Penalties Chart
- Special Programs Summary Chart
- Metric Conversion Chart
- Chapter Cross Reference
- Security Filing Data Requirements
- The MPF and Preferential Trade Programs Chart
- Textiles and Footwear Classification Document
- Quick Memory Summaries of each chapter in the Textbook
- Interactive After Chapter Quizzes See a sample quiz now! Corrected by your Personal Instructor!
- Video Lectures on Valuation, Classification and Special Programs available 24/7
- Online mid-term - to gage how well you understood the first half of the program.
- A final exam will be given at the end of the five day program in Orlando.
-:
There are three phases to this program:
- The Distance Learning is the first phase of this program. Your time with your online instructor will be completed by October 21, 2019.
- The second phase will be completed in Orlando with five days of classroom instruction and review.
- In the third phase of your program, to both refine and reinforce what you have learned during the classroom program, you will continue your studies with the 800+ Previous Test Questions, the section of Classification Questions in your Workbook, and several of the Previous Exams that are online in your Students Corner. To serve as a further refresher of your classroom program, right before the exam, a full set of videos will be added to your Students Corner covering the five days of classroom material.
The dates for this class will be September 30 - October 4, 2019. The last day to register for this class will be September 4, 2019.
The final course exam and a Certificate of Completion, suitable for framing, will be presented to each student at the end of the Five Days of Instruction.
Check out our Complete Course Curriculum! We are so sure you will be impressed by the quality of our Textbook, we want you to preview a complete chapter that we have posted on our Textbook page.
Remember This Date and Location:
The Hampton Inn Orlando - International Airport
5767 T.G. Lee Blvd., Orlando, Florida, 32822, USA
THE SCHEDULE FOR THE FIVE DAY CLASSROOM PHASE:
Students will need to have their own copy of the 19CFR and the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the US. These can be purchased here.
Tax Deduction of Expenses: An income tax deduction is allowed for expenses of education (including registration fees, travel, meals and lodging) undertaken to maintain and improve professional skills. Please check with your Tax Accountant to see if you qualify.I’m all peace, love and happiness until it’s time to put a boot up somebody’s ass.
I want everything to be worked out through peaceful means with courtesy and kindness. Want is the operative word. I work with politeness and aplomb towards this end. I really do want it.
But, as we have all learned at some point on this flawed but wonderful ride, peaceful coexistence is sometimes not possible. In a perfect world, it would be – but none of us live in perfect world. We live here now in this world. And this world is not full of paper tigers and so we must learn to do what we must to persevere and rise above. And sometimes rising above means not ignoring but actually putting a sudden stop to the perptuating nonsense.
Make it clear to whoever is rattling your cage that you will not tolerate what those before you have tolerated.
Make it clear and walk on.
The poet Nikki Giovanni wrote: .”
So go ahead and remove those fools. (Do not mistake my words for advocating violence. I am simply advocating that you advocate for you.) But when acting in this manner, remember this: Ass kicking is not your goal or your friend or your way of life. It is a tool to be used as necessary with those who mistake you for a doormat or a dumping ground for old ghosts of abuse suffered at the hands of someone else. A tool of defense against a dark past and a dark night not of your volition.
Never forget this: you are not a doormat or a dumping ground. You are you. A free and independent person trying to put love into the world and holding little tolerance for those who would dim your light.
Yet do not seek confrontation.
- Give your warning shot.
- If someone then walks themselves into your open hand, let the sting happen.
- They will learn and so will you.
Kick ass only when you must and then return to the business of love as rapidly as possible.
Strong Starts in the Mind
You've got a brain. Let me help you turbocharge it.TORONTO – Anti-Semitism is on the rise in the country, a Jewish advocacy group said Tuesday, calling it a “made in Canada” phenomenon..
The numbers, included in the group’s 2016 report that was released Tuesday, were based on phone calls to their anti-hate hotline and police data.
Amanda Hohmann, national director of B’nai Brith Canada’s League for Human Rights, said the organization believes Canadian anti-Semitism is not a U.S. import.
“While some have sought to link the global increase in anti-Semitism to November’s presidential election in the United States, it’s worth noting that the months of September through December actually saw a relative decrease in anti-Semitic incidents in Canada, in relation to previous years,” Hohmann said.
Twenty per cent of the incidents involved Holocaust denial, a sharp increase from five per cent in 2015, she said.
READ MORE: Police investigating swastika, racist slur painted on Jewish community leader’s Ottawa home
“Unfortunately, Holocaust denial is no longer only coming from its traditional home in the extreme right,” Hohmann said. “More and more, Islamist extremists are also co-opting this position and spreading the rhetoric of denial, especially within Arab-language media right here in Canada.”
Mostyn listed a number of examples, including that of the al-Saraha newspaper in London, Ont., which published a report last summer that Mostyn said simultaneously denied the scope of the Holocaust and argued that any slaughter of Jews by the Nazi regime was justified.
He said the paper was initially promoted as recommended reading by a local government-funded immigrant settlement organization. It was condemned by Ontario government officials who had taken out advertisements in the paper after B’nai Brith brought it to their attention.
Barbara Perry, a University of Ontario Institute of Technology professor who studies hate crimes, said she considers a rise in anti-Semitic events in Canada as part of an increase many kinds of hatred across the Western world, which has also fuelled the rise of far-right political parties.
READ MORE: Anti-Semitic incidents up in Quebec, B.C., remain stable in rest of Canada
“It’s really a form of othering across the board, and the Jewish community is one of many targets,” she said.
In particular, anti-Semitism in Arabic-language media in Canada likely has its roots in global conflicts, Perry said.
Perry said Canada has also long had anti-Semitism of its own, traditionally focused on Jewish communities in Toronto and Montreal, which has combined with a global movement to create “a perfect storm.”
B’nai Brith Canada credits Arabic speakers with bringing these incidents to the group’s attention, but Mostyn said it was troubling that only a single Arabic speaker came forward with information in each case.
VIDEO: Marlee Socket organized a rally outside Toronto’s Miles Nadal Jewish Community Centre to raise awareness against anti-Semitism after a bomb threat.
Of the 1,728 incidents reported last year, 490 occurred in Ontario, 249 in Quebec and the Atlantic provinces, 121 in Alberta and British Columbia, and 74 in the Prairies. The number of incidents in Quebec and the Atlantic provinces dropped, proportionally, and Alberta and B.C. saw increases. The prairie provinces also saw an increase in incidents, but B’nai Brith Canada attributes that to increased awareness of the anti-hate hotline.
Eleven of the incidents were violent, 158 were vandalism and the remainder were classified as harassment, which includes social media posts, according to the report.
The publisher of al-Saraha didn’t respond to requests for comment Tuesday. When B’nai Brith first raised the issue last July, Abdul Haidi Shala apologized and told the London Free Press he and he had picked up the article from an Egyptian daily newspaper.
“I didn’t mean to reject something that happened historically,” Abdul Haidi Shala, told the Free Press. “I was curious to know why Hitler killed Jews during the Holocaust, so I read through his article and I found information.”
Due to the sensitive and/or legal subject matter of some of the content on globalnews.ca, we reserve the ability to disable comments from time to time.
Please see our Commenting Policy for more.A free e-zine bringing you inspirational articles, great tips on studying abroad as well as jobs and scholarships alerts.
Provides you with the most comprehensive scholarship and grants updates as they get announced!
20th December 2011, ISSUE #162..Persistent connection to mysql database
Hi,
need some help with persistent connection to Mysql Database. I have some simple crawler and this simple crawler runs dozens of parallel php requests. Therefore I have dozens of parallel mysql connection. Right now I reached max connection limit on my MySQL server hosted by Amazon.
There are two possible solutions:
- Rewrite app to have only few permanently running php script accessing DB
- Use for this server persistant DB connection.
My question is: Is there any native support in Nette Database for persistent connections? Where should I look first if there is not native implementation?
Edit:
There is support for persistent connections in PDO. My question is, how to make PDO in Nette Database work with this.
$dbh = new PDO('mysql:host=localhost;dbname=test', $user, $pass, array( PDO::ATTR_PERSISTENT => true ?>
Edit 2:
I will try this (just to get some new skill :-) And then probably rewrite the app. Thanks Tomáš.
nette: database: default: dsn: "mysql:host=127.0.0.1;dbname=test" user: "root" password: "password" options: [PDO::ATTR_PERSISTENT = true]
Last edited by vnovotny (2015-01-08 12:44)
- Tomáš Kolinger
- Member | 138
Nette Database do not have support for this i think. But PDO does –…nections.php#… – and you can get PDO instance from Nette\Database\Connection so this can be way. Use Connection::options to set that PDO option (…ion.php.html#61).
But PHP is not really good tool for kind of this job. Because PHP not have real multi-threading. Maybe is better to use proper tool instead.
Last edited by Tomáš Kolinger (2015-01-08 12:42)Uni condylar Knee Replacement
- Introduction
- Arthritis
- Advantages & Disadvantages
- Who is suitable and who is not?
- Pre-operation
- Day of your surgery
- Surgical Procedure
- Post Operation Course
- Risks and Complications
- Summary
Find out more about Unicondylar Knee Replacement with the following link
Introduction
Unicondylar Knee Replacement simply means that only one part of the knee joint is replaced through a smaller incision than would normally be used for a total knee replacement.
Unicondylar Knee Replacements have been performed since the early 1970′s but often the exact cause is unknown. In general, but not always, it affects people as they get older (Osteoarthritis).
Other Causes Include
- Trauma (fracture)
- Increased stress e.g., overuse, being overweight, etc.
- Infection
- Bleeding disorders
- and joint lining of the arthritic knee may be swollen
- The joint space is narrowed and irregular in outline; this can be seen in an X-ray image
- Bone spurs or extra bone (osteophyte) can also build up around the edges of the joint
The combinations of these factors can make the arthritic knee stiff and limit activities due to pain and/or fatigue.
Diagnosis
- The diagnosis of osteoarthritis is made on history, physical examination & X-rays
- There is no blood test to diagnose Osteoarthritis (wear & tear arthritis)
Advantages & Disadvantages
The decision to proceed with any knee replacement surgery is a cooperative one between you, your surgeon, your family and your GP.
The desired benefit following surgery, walking sticks or physical therapy.
Potential advantages of uni-compartmental replacement
- Smaller operation
- Smaller incision
- Not as much bone removed
- Shorter hospital stay
- Shorter recovery period
- Blood transfusion rarely required
- May feel more like a ‘normal’ knee
Disadvantages
Long term survival results are not as good as total knee replacement
Pre-operation
- Your surgeon will send you for routine blood tests and any other investigations required prior to your surgery
- You will be asked to undertake a general medical check-up with your GP
- You should have any other medical, surgical or dental problems attended to prior to your surgery
- Make arrangements for help around the house after a hospital gown to change into prior to surgery
- Approximately 30 minutes prior to surgery, you will be transferred to the operating theatre
- The operation site will be shaved and cleaned
Surgical Procedure
Each knee is individual and knee replacements take this into account by having different sizes for your knee.
Surgery is performed under sterile conditions in the operating theatre under spinal or general anesthesia. You will be on your back and a tourniquet (padded strap) will be applied to your upper thigh to reduce blood loss. Surgery will take approximately one-two hours.
The Patient is positioned on the operating table and the leg prepped with antiseptic solution and draped. implanted with or without cement.
The knee is then carefully closed with suturing and drains may be inserted, and the knee is then dressed and bandaged.
Post-operation Course
When you wake, you will be in the recovery area with intravenous drips in your arm, potentially a tube (catheter) in your bladder and a number of other monitors to check your vital observations. You may have a button to press for pain medication called a PCA machine (Patient Controlled Analgesia). Your anaesthetist may have performed a nerve block procedure to ‘numb’ the leg.
Once stable, you will be taken to the ward. The post-op protocol is surgeon dependant, but in general any drains will come out at 24 hours and you will sit out of bed and start moving your knee and walking on it as early as the day of surgery. The dressing will be removed on the 1st- 2nd post-op day to make movement easier. Your rehabilitation and mobilization will be supervised by a physiotherapist.
To avoid lung congestion, it is important to perform deep breathing exercises and cough up any phlegm you may have.
Your surgeon will use one or more measures to minimize the risk of blood clots in your legs, inflatable pumps, leg stockings and injections into your abdomen to thin the blood to prevent clots or DVT’s, which will be discussed in detail in the complications section.
A lot of the long term results of knee replacement depend on how much work you put into rehabilitation following your operation.
Usually you will remain in the hospital for 1-3 days. Depending on your needs, you will then return home. You will need physiotherapy on your knee following surgery.
You will be discharged on a walker or crutches and usually progress to a walking stick at six weeks.
Your sutures are sometimes dissolvable but if not, stiches and clips require removal at approx 12-14 days.
Bending your knee is variable, but by 6 weeks it should bend to 90 degrees. The goal is to obtain 120 degrees of movement.
Once the wound is healed, you may shower. You can drive at about 6 weeks, once you have regained control of your leg and can do an emergency stop without pain. You should be walking reasonably comfortably by 6 weeks.
More physical activities, such as sports previously discussed may take several months to be able to do comfortably.
When you go home, you will need to take special precautions around the house to make sure it is safe. You may need to modify your sleeping arrangements especially if they are up a lot of stairs.
You will need to continue working on an exercise program as demonstrated by the physiotherapists while an inpatient (in hospital). Formal physiotherapy will be required following surgery. This will usually start after the acute phase of recovery, 2 weeks or so after surgery when the wound has healed.
You will usually have a 6 week check up with your surgeon, who will assess your progress. More long term follow up to monitor progress is likely to be required.
You are always at risk of infections especially with any dental work or other surgical procedures where germs (bacteria) can get into the blood stream and can find their way to your knee.
If you have any unexplained pain, swelling, or redness or if you feel generally unwell, you should see your GP or surgeon as soon as possible.
Risks and Complications
- As with any major surgery, there are potential risks involved. The decision to proceed with the surgery is made because the advantages of surgery outweigh the potential disadvantages
- It is important that you understand these risks before the surgery takes place
Complications can be medical (general) or local complications specific to the knee
Medical complications include those of the anaesthetic and those affecting medical health. Almost any medical condition can occur so this list is not exhaustive.. If deep infection is present, your knee replacement may need to be removed to eradicate infection.
Blood Clots (Deep Venous Thrombosis)
These can form in the calf/thigh veins and can travel up to the lung (pulmonary embolism). These can occasionally be serious and even life threatening. If you get calf pain or shortness of breath at any stage, you should notify your surgeon/GP.
Fractures or breaks in the bone
Fractures or ‘breaks’ can occur during surgery or afterwards if you fall. To address these, you may require surgery.
Stiffness in the Knee
Ideally, your knee should bend beyond 100 degrees but on occasion, it may not bend as well as expected. Sometimes manipulations are required. This means going to the operating theatre where the knee is bent for you while under anesthetic.
Wear
The plastic liner eventually wears out over time massage of the wound can help reduce this.
Occasionally, you can get reactions to the sutures or a wound breakdown that may require antibiotics or rarely, further surgery.
Cosmetic Appearance
The knee may look different than it looked pre-operatively as the alignment is corrected.
Leg length Inequality
This is also due to the fact that a corrected knee is more straight and is unavoidable.
Dislocation
An extremely rare complication this occurs and is recognised intraoperatively, neurovascular structures are repaired but a second operation may be required. Nerve damage can cause a loss of feeling or movement below the knee and can be permanent.
Discuss any concerns thoroughly with your surgeon at ‘The Cambridge Knee’ when non-surgical treatment has failed. It is a big decision to make and ultimately it is an informed decision between you, your surgeon, your family and your general practitioner.
Although most people are extremely happy with their new knee, complications can occur and there is a rate of dissatisfaction after surgery and you must be aware of this prior to making the decision. If you are undecided, it is best to wait until you are sure this is the procedure for you.Creating Websites since 1997.
We design affordable websites to show off your business and our customers see results.
Specializing in Equine and Dog websites, but not limited to all areas of Businesses and Services.
Working closely with customers to achieve exactly what they want is important. Tell us what you want and we can design it or let us create your site from scratch.
Having a website is a must if you are in business. Your customers feel more confident if you have a website. Many people think they can just have a Facebook Page. That is not true. Once you post something, it gets lost and it is hard to go back to find what you are looking for. Your website and Facebook need to work together to promote your business. If you want to appear professional, then you need an up to date website that is Responsive and mobile ready for all types of media. Today people mostly use their phones to search the web and if your’s isn’t up to date and responsive, then it can be penalized by Google’s Search Engines.
If your site is old and out of date, then it is imperative to update your site so it meets the SEO standards and easy for people to see.
See what Webscapes Designs can do for you without costing a fortune. You can have a website you’ll be proud of at a fraction of the cost most designers charge.
IF YOU AREN’T ONLINE, THEN NO ONE CAN FIND YOU!
Don’t lose customers because you don’t have a website. Let us help you gain more customers by exposing your business nationwide. Everyone uses their smart phones and computers to buy and sell off the internet. You’d be amazed at the contacts you’ll receive.
Domain Names
Let us help you find that perfect domain nameand register it for you. Or you can search for your Domain Name yourself.A Crown of Swords (abbreviated as aCoS by fans) is the seventh book of The Wheel of Time. It was published by Tor Books and released on May 15, 1996. It is 880 pages long.
Plot summary编辑
A Crown of Swords has three primary plotlines:
- Rand al'Thor, the Dragon Reborn, prepares to attack the Forsaken Sammael in Illian while enjoying life with his lover, Min Farshaw, and attempting to quell the rebellion by nobles in Cairhien. He also establishes control of the Aes Sedai who vowed to serve him. In the end, Rand, accompanied by Asha'man, attacks Illian and defeats Sammael in a duel of the One Power in Shadar Logoth. Rand then takes the crown of Illian, formerly the Laurel Crown, but now called the Crown of Swords.
- Egwene al'Vere and Siuan Sanche attempt to manipulate the Aes Sedai rebels in Salidar to move against Elaida.
Statistical Analysis编辑
- See also the full statistical analysis for this book.
A Crown of Swords consists of a prologue and forty-one chapters. These chapters are split up into thirty-one different points of view.Our Motorcycle Club Vest With Gun Pocket is made from cowhide leather. A panel on the back to be creative and show off your colors. The leather trimmed collar gives off a sense of surreal manliness. Best of all, for your personal needs and wants, you get the pockets inside as well as sporting 2 front pockets. The gun pocket comes with a strap for the nozzle and you get 4 hidden snaps to get you to your right fit.
Features:
Additional Information:
Color and Fabric: split cowhide leather
Care: read tag for cleaning.
Length and/or Weight: 2.70 lbs
NOTE:
Please allow 2 business days for items to leave the warehouse.
Free Shipping on Purchases Over $50.00Stay &
We offer you a journey of Coast sightseeing in the Corinthian Bay. Visit the temple of Hera and the Lake of Heraion. Swim in the beautiful waters of Antikyra and Trizonia Islands and finally visit the beautiful town of Galaxidi on the shores of the mainland. Make sure you don’t miss the ancient theater and the museum of Delphi, when in the area.
Saronic Islands
Corinthian Bay and the Saronic Islands
Sail through the magnificent Corinth Canal, dug deep to divide Peloponnese from the mainland. Listen to the old legends and feel the breeze as you come close to the baths of “Helen the Beautiful”. Swim in the water, where she swam and take something of her with you. Make a shore stop in Epidaurus on the east coast of Peloponnese and visit the famous ancient theatre before you set sails and head on to some of the many amazingly beautiful islands, spread out like gems in the Saronic waters.
Ionian Islands
A marvelous combination of history, beauty, and emerald waters of the Ionian Sea and the Corinthian Bay.
Start your adventure for Ithaca, Ulysses’ Island.Women And Girls Empowered (WAGE)
No. of BeneficiariesNo. of Beneficiaries
700
FoundedFounded
2015
CategoryCategory
Social Enterprise & Health
StageStage
Planning
Increasing access to healthy sanitary pads in Uganda.
Key Activities & Achievments:
1. 87.5% of rural women are unsatisfied with the current price of available sanitary pads.1. 87.5% of rural women are unsatisfied with the current price of available sanitary pads.
2. 700 sanitary pads distributed to schoolgirls2. 700 sanitary pads distributed to schoolgirls
Women and Girls Empowered started as a simple project distributing sanitary towels to a couple of schools in Jinja District, Uganda. We recognised that poor access to sanitary towels was one of the primary reasons for girls missing and dropping out of school – 23% of adolescent girls between 12 & 18 drop out of school after they begin mentrating (UNICEF, 2015) – so we sought to provide towels for free to the schools.
We also offered some basic sexual and reproductive heal training to students whilst distributing the pads to help overcome the culture of periods being considered a taboo and educate girls on the dangers of unhygienic makeshift pads such as clothes and banana fibres.
However, as we began to work with UniTED we realised that distributing the pads was unsustainable, relying upon the charity of a few donors who were already becoming fatigued. Moreover, there was little chance of ever being able to expand distribution to any more schools and having a transformative impact on the sanitary pad sector.
UniTED connected us to a team of Oxford students who helped us reconsider the basics and gradually we turned our plans into creating a social business. On this model, we will sustain the charity through the sale of sanitary pads at cost price.
We believe we can use networks of women in villages to distribute the pads more effectively than competitors to reduce on costs and be able to sell the pads at about half the price of the most common competitor. This will also act as an income generating venture for the women, earning them a monthly income of UGX 40,000 ($12) – significantly more than they can earn from much more strenuous work in agriculture.
Having completed our market research with a team of Oxford volunteers in August 2016, we are now getting ready to start selling pads in a small pilot scheme.Were you aware that by ingesting many yummy foods you could be preventing the pile on excess calories, eliminate weight and enjoy decent meals? The industry now has many weight loss products that promise the world and also have you cutting on some fantastic foods that on the opposite are fairly low in calories. Read more about Dr Sebi.
Here are a Few of the tasty foods you can try on your effort to Shed Weight
Food 1) Eggs
Over the last ten years or so eggs have turned into a very bad title, but they are creating a yield as a fantastic food to contemplate when losing weight. There are various studies that show eating eggs may improve your weight loss success. Eggs are packed with nutrients and protein, and eating eggs can cause you to feel fuller for a longer period of time that makes you need to consume less (junk-foods) throughout the remainder of the day.
If you would like to get the most from your eggs, it’s wise to take the egg yolk and then skillet just the egg white that comprises all of the proteins you’ll need. It’s also a good idea to use cooking spray or only a little bit of butter so it’s possible to decrease the calories much more.
Food 2) Salad Dressing
Not many individuals haven’t attempted to eat salads to shed weight. Eating salads the ideal manner will always provide you some wonderful results in your weight loss quest. Everything is dependent upon how you prepare your own salad and which kind of dressings you use to spice this up.
Commercial bites are a catastrophe, this is because of the simple fact that they contain sugar in them and also have unhealthy fats that make it high in calories. You can quite easily create your own salad dressing in your home or if you would like to purchase dressing in a store you can make it fitter to use on your salad. Be certain you don’t utilize over just one and a half tbsp and combine with another half cup of extra virgin olive oil. And last, however, combine your dressing over your salad until you set it on your plate. Read more info click Tavern on the Hill
Food 3) Whip Cream
I can hear you believe – WHAT? Yes, it is all dependent on the way and what you utilize whip cream. Lots of people for example use whip cream when drinking latte coffee. But that’s the biggest issue right there, latte coffee’s may have around 2.000 calories based on how big your cup while the whip cream itself just contains 15 calories each serving. You can indulge yourself using whip cream within the yummy fruits such as berries or place it along with a healthier homemade smoothie.
Want to read more article : Fun, Healthy, Delicious Food – Can You Really Have it All?Shuffleboard Accessories
Showing 1–10 of 18 results
Find a great selection of Shuffleboard Accessories at the most competitive rates online from Shuffleboard Wax to Shuffleboard Bowling Pins to Shuffleboard Gutter Bumpers and more. Shuffleboard Accessories add that wonder element to the game.
For instance, only add a light coat of Shuffleboard Wax to your table’s playing surface to keep your game top-notch and lightning fast. Or buy the Shuffleboard Bowling Pins for that added fun – to turn one great classic game of shuffleboard into another one. Shuffleboard Bowling is a fun game for the family and must be enjoyed in the best possible way.
You can also add another dimension of fun to the game with our Legacy Shuffleboard Bumpers which can be added to any of Legacy’s 2013-14 shuffleboard tables. Apart from the fun element bumpers help you to improve your game.
We also have the Renegade Shuffleboard Light Kit which you can add to any shuffleboard and take your game to the next level. And Replacement Pucks, designed to provide you years of enjoyment.
Go ahead and check out our entire selection of shuffleboard accessories for sale. Then Accessorize, and play shuffleboard like it is meant to be.By Kris Smith
The Stars General Manager and Head Coach wants to take “two steps forward” in the upcoming Elite League season and has also continued his recruitment drive for when hockey resumes this September.
Last week, the Elite Ice Hockey League announced that league games for the 2021/2022 campaign would begin on September 25th and 26th, with the Playoff Finals Weekend taking place on April 23rd and 24th.
Revealing his excitement to have set dates to look forward to, Pacha said: “It is great, it has been a long time coming but it is really exciting to get back.
“I think from everyone at the club, to everyone across the league and to the fans, we are all really happy to get back and we have high hopes for this season.
“There have been some tough times and it has been a difficult year for everybody, but we just want to come back as strong as we can and we will be ready for a big relaunch when we come back!”
The Canadian coach also wants his side to hit the ground running when they return to the ice later this year and believes that is the best way to get the club moving forward once again.
“Our goal is to always have the best season we can”, explained Pacha.
He continued: “But as for a main target, it will be to get into the playoffs as usual, but it is also fair enough to say that we want to come back stronger than ever and we want to make sure we are an extremely competitive team.
“We want to be faster and bigger this year and I would like to add a bit of physicality this season and if we can come out of the gates swinging then that is the thing we want to make sure of, that we are ready from the get go.”
As for things off the ice, Pacha once again preached the importance of the fans once again and their strong appetite for hockey in the city.
He said: “We will need to drive the season tickets and we are going to need our fans to comeback.
“It has obviously been a difficult year but we survived and we have had tremendous support from our fans, our sponsors and from everyone around Dundee.
“Are we in the best position we ever have been? No, but we are in a better position now than we thought we would be for a relaunch and that is a positive thing.
“I also think there is a huge demand to get hockey back, so I believe the fans will come back and come back with a vengeance, which will help us grow our sport and the Dundee Stars into what we aspire to be.
“When I arrived here, we had a five year plan to grow the club every single season and now we took a step back but at the same time, it does not mean we cannot take two steps forward and that is what we are expecting this year.
“We want to make sure we come back on the ice as a competitive and strong team, a team that is challenging every night against our rivals, but also off the ice with our new initiatives to get the buzz back in Dundee because we had a huge buzz prior to the pandemic.”
Pacha has also told fans to prepare for some big announcements this week, that will continue to build excitement for the new season. cut out of your restoration house task? By preparing 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville, NJs on your own you can save dollars, over having your contractor practice it. This is an good way to let a few extra cash accumulate as part of your bank account. These days, we cannot simply send junk into the land fill without recycle whatever is achievable, because of each of our legitimate issues over the setting.
When considering the price tag on a 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville, NJ, people must realize that this price contains any dump fees. If perhaps all of the waste were consumed directly to this dump, rather than being thrown into a dumpster, then the dump would certainly charge for each trip. According to the dump, these kinds of fees might be based on the amount of trips, excess weight of the rubbish or level of bags. But it really was worked out, there would certainly be a fee. An organization that rents dumpsters cannot dodge these costs, but these expenses comprise a part of a dumpster's price tag.
It is no wonder how the pollution that is being developed on the earth is changing the cycle of nature, the reason why you get each year uneven rain falls, in season changes as well as the result is elevating temperatures. Persons throw them selves into a dangerous pit, as long as they do not necessitate immediate actions.
Not any home owner or building project is going to be aware of the proper industry which will recycle the garbage in an efficient manner and have enough time to increase the risk for trash get to the industrialist. Disposing the garbage to the right area is just a mobile away. There are number of 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville, NJ businesses available online to handle the task for anyone.
Not only can anyone toss away whatever you need to, but dumpster program also gives you work on your individual time frame in lieu of having to conform to some outdoors pickup timetable. If you're accomplishing any kind of building or restoration project, or if you simply understand that it will take you some weekends to get a cleanout job done, renting a dumpster is a great choice. When you rent from your nearby junk carting pros, you get to say when you really need the unit then when you'd like them to decide on it up. Because of this, you're not pressured to do a work more quickly compared to you want to (or even than it is possible to), and you don't need to clutter increase your property having debris whilst you finish the project.
Major cleaning, and thus main waste, are invariably a part of a home cleanout. Selling the estate home, cleaning up right after renters, or even managing the eviction or even foreclosure many require considerable trash removing. A rental dumpster is a great way to get gone items minor and major in one chop down swoop. A number of dumpster companies will likely take practical or eco friendly materials in the dumpster once you might be finished and also recycle them or offer them to nonprofit, so you don't need to take time from the life to try to sort through this overwhelming quantity of stuff that people leave behind.
You will be cautious about the lenders promising high quality service in very low price tag than estimated. Some 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville, NJ businesses fallow marketing tactics and show up low quotation price at their display. Your pricing of those 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville, NJ companies consists of hidden fees and you will be astonished on receiving the final bill. Always choose to go for a firm that is see-thorugh in its costs.
Consequently beware once the price appears to be especially very low. You can be sure they intend to increase a bunch of additional charges later on. Many new dumpster renters simply wouldn't consider what other fees might employ.
Dumpster rentals and also garbage bin renting and the utilization of disposal packing containers are a crucial part of business, house complexes and for home construction firms and even family use. There are many reasons why another person whether a person or enterprise might need to rent any dumpster, or garbage can.
Remodeling your bathroom quickly and efficiently into the most beautiful reproduction of the photograph which you notice in your mind is easiest if you remove the trash left from your bathroom renovation without delay. You can remodel the space easily and superbly without a bunch of clutter as well as mess if you utilize the use of a 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville. A new construction 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville is a perfect option for your bathroom renovation. It should be placed away from your home in a very convenient location like the excess waste to be dumped.
Disposal of giant tons of trash is one of the jobs on completion of the venture. Though trash disposal is one among the stages of venture completion which is similar to any other stage, the danger involved in completion of the task calls for expertise. The chance involved in the job calls for professional help.
The best as well as affordable way of getting your trash disposed throughout effective way is to rent a dumpster throughout Guam. Renting any dumpster to dispose your trash throughout Guam is an indirect investment in your hotel enterprise. when you rent any dumpster for disposing the trash, all of the eligible trash will be recycled in environment friendly way there by reduction of the side effects the polluting of the environment on the setting. This will maintain the environment much less polluted as well as attracts large numbers of tourist to the state and your enterprise will experience profits as well.
Your house construction course of action involves a lot of materials as well as employees who will be often implementing a tight schedule. It is no surprise then in which at the end of nearly all projects your website is quite messy and filled with debris using extra materials and dust needing to become picked up. Home construction 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville can do the work for you. Ahead of the building can be viewed complete your website must be eliminated of all construction materials plus the home as well as property has to be cleaned coming from top to base of all construction mess. This work is typically carried out by a construction cleaning staff. Large firms may have one of those teams in the catering company, or they will often subcontract the work available to specialty washing companies, although construction 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville will make any cleanup job easy.
Do your homework. If you are just starting out to be a contractor, just be sure you ask around for 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville company referrals. Other companies will know who the most reputable companies to work together with are as well as who to look out for. Don't simply settle for any company in the phone directory. Do some research initially and then build a short list regarding dumpster companies that get solid possible.
You can dispose all of the trash as well as garbage to the dumpster program rental company to preserve clean and sanitary environment about your job locations. The dumpster company will assist a person in keeping your career location free of charge at cost-effective cost.
There are several sized Annapolis 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville, NJs available including a medium-sized dumpster with added wheels on it. Any dumpster with added wheels on it is definitely movable and can be used to total various cleanup projects previously. Larger dumpsters may be used in the location of your choice on your property. Next day delivery possibilities make cleanup easy and effective. Quick pickup of a whole dumpster is also a property to construction dumpster. You can certainly and swiftly have your property cleaned up looking its best possible.
You can order the bin as well as dumpster according to your current need. They are available in different sizes along with shapes. In accordance to the quantity of the garbage, you can place the advantages of the same.
They feature you the best technique to dispose hazardous chemical along with waste materials in and around the construction websites. These companies likewise help you in eliminating useless several weeks, dangerous chemicals and other non-recyclable spend from the home area as well as its neighborhood. Like this, you can easily maintain your environment quite neat and clean.
Some companies supply 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville, NJ and garbage container rental services that will collect garbage by you and recycle it. So they help you get lessen the trash in conjunction with doing it inside an eco-friendly way. The corporation you assign for the job offers you a container or dumpster of a giant or smaller size according to the quantity of rubbish. A standard demonstration of such dumpsters along with bins is so visible at the design sites. They can be available with the corporation offering you products and services in different size and shapes. You can place your order of a big container or dumpster for further trash along with smaller people for less garbage.
When you have different design companies provide you with an estimate simply how much you will have to pay out to have all of the above done, you can select one of those. Once you do make your choice, the contractor could have to let you know while he or she'll start the task. Once you get the date, hang on a bit as often contractors get behind schedule. You can even wait until the day before to schedule next day 6 Yard Dumpster in Sicklerville, NJ.
Renting some sort of dumpster, seems pretty simple right? Effectively, before you place your current dumpster order there are several things you need to know.
With early spring arriving, quite a few minds switch to cleaning out our own homes along with selling what exactly we will no longer need in this lives. Any yard sale is a wonderful thing by itself, but when you obtain the whole community in into it, your capabilities can mix to make a genuinely fun function for your household, your neighbors, along with anyone who puts a stop to by to purchase your goods. Here's how you can get your community together for just a community yard sale.
When looking to work with a dumpster company, consider the kind of spend you want to shift. It is important to observe that using roll off storage containers to move hazardous waste it isn't just illegal but harmful to the surroundings. If you are looking to transportation this kind of spend, you should search for a Dumpster company that is aware of this particular and has correct trucks for the job. Caring for the city by relocating hazardous spend the right way is one thing you should remember.
Please use the form below to contact us. We look forward to working with you and will get back to you as soon as possible. All fields are required- Services
- Palladium Accounting
- Heimdal Security™
- Partner
Use Serial Numbers to track big-ticket items or to track item warranties.
Keep track of lots or batches of materials, such as cut steel, or manufactured items for ease of recall.
Boost sales by recommending related items or suggesting Up-Sell items when processing sales.
Create slick, professional sales documents by adding an extended item description to inventory items.
Use buyouts to purchase non-regular items and capture the cost at time of Sales Order or Time of Invoice for accurate Gross Profit Reporting.
People process visuals 60,000 times faster than text. Palladium allows users to include product images in quotes or for a salesperson to view them at the time of sale.
Control inventory and wastage by repackaging items with full validations checking Item weights and lot numbers to ensure that every gram is accounted for.
Attach files to emailed sales documents on the fly, strengthen customer services and sales through attaching brochures, warranties or specification documents..
Charge clients based on the order weight (actual or volumetric), number of packages, number of pallets, distance to the client and even use a combination of the above..
Conduct full or periodic stock takes manually, or with the aid of hand-held scanners. Perform first and second counts with full “compare” facilities, then simply update..
Perform inventory enquiries and view item weights on all processing documents.
Powerful distribution and warehouse management.
Optimise your manufacturing process for better stock control and sales.What to say sexting a guy
Next time we see each other, I am going to show you what love is. Having said that, sexting is very sexual in its own way; there might not be a physical touch involved in it but it is like sex for the mind. I know what mine is about you. I know what you want and I think I am ready. Just tell him what you plan on doing to him later and draw it out for as long as you want. Just had a daydream about us…do you have any idea how wet I am right now thinking about you? My reply is always the same; you need to get feedback from your man to find out what turns him on and what he likes. Tonight, let me do all the work. I want to feel you close and stroke you tenderly. Sucking on a blow pop right now and wishing it was you. Pictures you have not sent to anybody else. I'm so glad that you're mine. However, if you want to learn exactly how to talk dirty to a guy right now so that you can build massive attraction and have him obsessed with you, then you will find this dirty talking instructional video very helpful indeed! I have got a task for you. Your neck, your chest, your legs and your ass.Tarheel 3 Report post Posted March 12, 2012 I went to my local Simplicity dealer today to buy a PTO belt for my 3310V. I gave the lady behind the counter the part number 172066 and she brought me the belt. As she got near I had my doubts and when she handed me the belt I knew it wasn't what I expected. Instead of a cloth covered belt, she had given me a rubber belt. I'd been there/done that before and had no wish to go again. And so I told her I couldn't use it. (BTW, I didn't have my reading glasses on) With a confused look she turned the belt over and said "But it is a simplicity belt". Right she was. I couldn't believe it. Down through the years I have "repaired" more than one of this type of machine by simply removing a rubber coated belt and installing a cloth covered Simplicity belt. The trouble was always that instead of a smooth clutching action, The PTO slammed into operation, Would engage by its self etc etc. I would not accept that belt. I told the lady (always very pleasant to deal with and has a great working knowledge of Simplicity parts) that I didn't understand what was going on. Maybe this was something they had gone to that would in fact work OK but I couldn't bring myself to try it on my machine. So she calls Simplicity. The number has been changed and she was told the new belt had a Dacron sleeve. But they didn't say a word about this rubber coated belt and how it would work. Have any of you run into this ? If so, how did the rubber coated belt perform for you ? Does anyone recall these belts having been cloth covered some years back ? Share this post Link to post Share on other sitesA Closer Look at Some Awesome Windows 10 Gaming Machines
At the recent Xbox Showcase event in San Francisco, we had a chance to take a look at some of this year’s biggest Windows 10 games, including recently released titles like Gears of War: Ultimate Edition, Killer Instinct: Season 3, and Quantum Break. Those games were all shown on a number of Windows 10 desktop and notebook PCs from a bunch of our great partners.
In the video above, we take a closer look at some of the latest and greatest Windows 10 gaming hardware around. On the desktop side, powerhouses like the Alienware Area-51 and Acer Predator G6 offer build-from-the-ground-up gaming experiences and look great doing it. The Razer Blade, on the other hand, gives players a full gaming performance on the go, while remaining incredibly thin and light. All of these provide the horsepower to allow for ultrahigh graphics settings with smooth frame rates and 4K resolutions!
To get the full rundown on all of the Windows 10 gaming machines shown at the Xbox Showcase event, head over to Xbox Wire.Cyber-shyness and a desire to put the "social" back into "social networking"
Why don't people socialise on social media?
Sure, we all love a good nose into what people are up to, but why is it all look and no chat?
I blame cyber-shyness.
@positiveprov
I post
semi-regular Instagram stories which, for some reason, don't appear to go down to well with most.
I believe it is down to my
(made up) theory of cyber-shyness.
It intrigues me and spurs me to identify how to banish it and get people putting the 'social' into social media!
The definition of social media is:
“websites and applications that enable users to create and share content or to participate in social networking.” (1)
Okay, all good. So, in light of the above, the act of using social media is social networking, which is defined as:
"the use of dedicated websites and applications to interact with other users, or to find people with similar interests to one's own.” (2)(own emphasis added).
With the definitions in mind, thinking of my experience on social media...
1. Why doesn’t anyone interact with me?;
2. Why haven’t I discovered people with similar interests to me?; but ultimately,
Why is social media so unsocial?!
My current experience of social media is That it's a rather one-sided affair.
The platform of choice is Instagram, primarily through it's "Stories" functionality. I share often, perhaps on average five stories per day – little snippets of what I am doing, thinking or how I am feeling.
My stories are very candid and 'real' - I don't aim for my best angle or re-record if I look or sound silly. Heck, I rarely wear makeup in the stories that I take while at home!
I'm truly just me, championing my motto, rather than presenting a facade or the 'best version' of myself.
What I share is presented to the passive.
Or, even worse so, the passive who do not share similar interests with me.
I share because I want to; whether it's a cool place I have visited or seen, or just an interesting thought I had. I not afraid to say that part of my reason to share is an attempt to interact with others. This is in regard to engaging a discussion or perhaps, recommending somewhere to someone.
It's a two-way thing: I share because I want to but with a hope of connecting with people.
HOWEVER...
From recent stories where I have polled or asked questions, it has become clear that what I share is presented to the passive.
Or, even worse so, passive people who don’t share similar interests with me.
(Some) people are ever so keen to watch my stories – within a couple of minutes of uploading, about 3-5 people will have watched – yet, they are very reluctant, if ever, willing to chat!
↗
↑
↑
↑
↑
↑
↑
↑
↑
↑
↑
↑
↑
↑
↑
⤴
I have a goal of 'growing' my following
I say 'growing' because I do not mean in the sense of increasing numbers. No, rather I mean in terms of development, to work out a method or the type or format of content that gets people engaged and connected!
(Growth in the commonly interpreted form wouldn't go amiss either! Although, I suppose the two forms
go in hand together)
In the process of doing so, I believe I'll work out why social media is so unsocial. Or, at least my followers!
THE POSITIVEPROV THEORY ON NON-ENGAGEMENT
I have a feeling, that a lack of engagement may be sort of a cyber-shyness thing (I'm calling it) – that people want to engage but as their name/identity etc. is attached to their profile, they are reluctant insofar as being identified in being engaged.
It sounds like a round about theory but it wouldn't surprise me. Some of my reasoning comes from the engagement that bloggers receive – masses of comments on their photos/videos and I presume, their stories. The majority of those comments will come from strangers and as bloggers receive so many comments, the people will remain strangers.
However, with my content, I have a small following and therefore all comments go no noticed and do not become white noise. Thus, the people whom engage are identified, which to many I think, is not ideal.
But What DO
I know?!
It's not all postS and no engagement Though
Giving credit where it's due, there are a small handful of people who do engage with my stories and I really appreciate and enjoy their interactions and interacting with them.
The handful of people do primarily, if not solely, consist of people I know on a relatively good basis (uni friends, old school friends etc.) which actually intrigues me as these people are identified both online and in the real world. However, the latter is well-established and therefore I think the cyber-shyness cannot exist.
The reluctance, in my opinion, comes from the unwillingness to transition from unknown to identifiable. For people who know me, it doesn't matter because yes, I can identify them from their profile, but I know them, who they are, what their personalities are like and therefore the profile does not 'make them' in respect of what I know about them.
Whereas for a 'stranger' I can only form my opinion on their profile and nothing more – and I'll consequently only 'know' them from what's there online.
Perhaps I am thinking waaaay too much into it, but it intrigues me; I can't deny that.
All I know is,
I'm going to keep posting stories; being me, doing me and impressing me.
CONTINUING TO MAKE SOCIAL MEDIA A PLACE WHERE I AM SOCIAL, FRANK AND REAL!
References
- Oxford Living English Dictionary;
- Oxford Living English Dictionary;Wichit Sirichote,wichit.sirichote@gmail.com
Simple project that turns 8051SBC to be a dedicated instrument for measuring the amount of energy produced by photovoltaic power system.
The 8051SBC is a microprocessor learning board that has eeprom for program saving and later with the SW1 dip switch set to 0, will enable bootloader function. This simple project, the Solar Energy Meter demonstrates the use of such boot loader function. The meter measures amount of AC energy produced by photovoltaic power system. It uses photocoupler attach to electromechanical energy meter to detect the number of revolution. Total AC energy will save everyday in NVRAM. Reading of recorded data can be made via Telnet.
Hardware Description
Figure 1 shows the block diagram of the Solar Energy Meter. The PV power system converts solar energy to electrical AC energy. The system is utility AC line backup, so the AC load draws electric current from AC line and solar power concurrently. If the solar power provides less than the amount needed by the load, the rest power will draw from AC line. If solar power is equal to the load, there will no power drawn from AC line.
The electromechanical energy meter measures the power by magnetic flux produced by current and voltage coils. The force produced from induced magnetic flux on the aluminum disk reacts the external magnetizing field making the disk to spin. The higher power drawn, the spinning speed is faster. AC Energy is then measured by accumulating the number of revolution and the total energy is displayed on mechanical counter.
The location of energy meter shown in Fig 1 is at input terminal of the inverter. The input voltage of the inverter is 220Vrms. When sunshine, output AC current which is out of phase to the input voltage by 180 degrees will make the meter spin backward (the power is negative). The spinning speed depends on the amount of sun power strikes on PV array. Spinning is started spin slowly when sunshine in the morning and faster at noon. The resolution of energy meter is 600Rev/kWh. We made a small hole, 2mm on the disk and have photocoupler to detect spinning. We can use any photocoupler module that has NPN output. A typical pin signal for a given photocoupler is shown in Figure 2. You may add 4.7k pull-up resistor to the output pin. Some photocoupler has small LED that blinks when the receiver detects IR from transmitter.
The pulse produced by photocoupler is negative pulse, thus we can tie it to interrupt0 (P3.2) pin of the 8051 chip directly. When cpu was interrupted, the program counts the number of pulse and computes kWh by dividing with 600. The Tibbo EM100 module converts serial port, RS232 of 8051SBC to 10BaseT. We can use telnet to connect the 8051SBC and read AC energy from remote terminal.
Connecting by Telnet
Figure 3 shows sample of using Telnet command to connect the Solar Energy Meter. The EM100 module must be set for TCP port 23. You can also use Hyperterminal to connect the meter. Figure 4 shows the sample connecting with TCP/IP. In the properties window, you must set IP address, port 23 for telnet and mode of connection to TCP/IP.
With command 'R', we can read all recored data and save it with capture text. Figure 5 shows sample of making graph by Excel for 17-30 October 2004.
Download
Note:
1. Firmware was written by my student, Sarayut luengruengroj.
2. Diagram shown in Figure 1 and 2 were drawn by draw program comes with Pladao Office V1.0 openoffice.org.
10 January 2005
recovered 17 December 2015Spent 5 years in the Swedish Culinary Olympic team, worked as a Chef in Chicago, a Sous Chef in London and as a Chef at the Swedish Embassy in Rome.
Fredrik grew up in the countryside and forests of Värmland, in the midlands of Sweden.
A true entrepreneur who has started, run and been involved in many award-winning restaurants.
Fredrik has released a cookery book ”Smak av Gotland” (“The Taste of Gotland”) and has become a well-respected meat specialist in the industry, working as a consultant for different clients including the Swedish Meats association.
Since 2015, Fredrik is an Ambassador for Santa Maria’s premium Tellicherry Black Pepper in Sweden. And in 2016 Fredrik started working as the Food & Beverage Manager at the beautiful Grand Hotel Saltsjöbaden in Stockholm.JBJ Opens Up About Kim Tae Dong And Says He’ll Always Be A Member Of Their Group
During the showcase to celebrate the release of their first mini album “Fantasy,” the members of JBJ expressed that they still think of Kim Tae Dong as a member of JBJ though he was unfortunately unable to join the group.
Kim Tae Dong was a contestant on Mnet’s “Produce 101 Season 2” and was originally set to be the seventh member of JBJ. However, he became embroiled in a conflict with his label Major 9 (formerly known as The Vibe Label) and though fans and the other members of JBJ had hoped for an amicable resolution so that Kim Tae Dong could join the group, things did not work out and his debut plans fell through.
When asked about Kim Tae Dong, Kim Dong Han said, “Though we made our debut as a six-membered group because Kim Tae Dong couldn’t be with us, we still think of him as one of our members. We actually spoke to him recently because it was his birthday and we wanted to wish him a happy birthday. We also texted him during Chuseok as well.”
Noh Tae Hyun added, “We’re still hoping that things can be worked out so that he can stand on stage with us.”The Genovo Report Sections Matrix is a really simple, but highly effective little tool (especially for those who are just starting out with Genovo) that demonstrates in a clear and tabular format which advice sections you need to add into the Report Builder for a variety of advice scenarios.
You can view the Genovo Report Sections Matrix here.
It can also be accessed at any time whilst you are logged in to the Genovo app by clicking the "click here" link within the Report Builder screen as highlighted in the screenshot below.
Remember you don't have to include all of the pre-loaded standard sections e.g Executive Summary, Appendix - Attitude to Risk Profiles etc within your report. Click here to learn more.Inspections are not the problem. The Dept. of Health rule governing inspections is the problem. The DOH rule is not about fixing broken septic systems. As the rule is written, it could cost unsuspecting homeowners thousands of dollars to fix something that isn’t broken.
Why Thumbs Up on Inspections?
Septic Inspections will identify septic systems that are not working and pose a threat to public health. It’s relatively simple, and cost effective, to identify a system that has failed and needs repair. For years and years, the Dept. of Health (DOH) standard for identifying a failure has been (1) exposed sewage or effluent on the site, (2) leaking or deformed tank or lid, (3) back up of sewage into the home. Absolutely correct, and steps should be taken to fix the problem. Periodic pump out of a system every five to seven years should be considered normal maintenance and will prolong the life of a properly constructed system as well as insure its ability to treat waste to minimize or eliminate potential groundwater contamination. Reasonable action, reasonable cost, reasonable results.
Why Thumbs Down on Dept. of Health Rule?
The DOH has written the rule in a way that a functioning drainfield that passes the three standards mentioned above will still have to be dug up and replaced. And, it’s very clever how they have done this.
1. Their first pass at writing the new rule for SB 550 inspections, they attempted to re-write the failure standard. It said a “repair” permit is required if the bottom of the drainfield does not meet the minimum separation from the wettest season water table as required in s.381.0065(5)(d)”. Realizing this would not pass the sniff test for legality, they issued a second version.
2. The second version said the system evaluation must include soil testing and high water table separation measurements. With this information in hand, the Dept. of Health rule changed. It now says, not a “repair” permit, but a “MODIFICATION” permit is required if the system does not meet separation standards. In other words, the DOH can and will demand that a homeowner dig up and replace a fully functioning drainfield so it conforms to the separation code as stated in SB 550. There was nothing in SB 550 that says the evaluation must include testing for high water table separation. The intent of SB 550 was to make sure a system that needed repair was brought up to current separation code. It was not to force a replacement of a fully functioning, legally permitted drainfield based on new separation codes. Separation testing does not need to be part of the original evaluation. It should be done AFTER the system is judged as failing so that the repair brings it up to code.
3. DOH says in their memos to many homeowners that this is an “opportunity to significantly reduce groundwater contamination.” Mr. Briggs says that mandate is already “in the statutes.” Not really. Our sources tell us the original concern about “groundwater contamination” referred to in the statute was insure the homeowner’s well was not located too close to a drainfield. The 75 ft. distance from the drainfield required by DOH is a horizontal measurement, not a vertical measurement. It seems Mr. Briggs and his staff have taken it upon themselves to re-write the statute definition as well as re-write the intent of SB 550.
4. There is currently no money to help poverty-level homeowners with the costs. DOH will raise money by inspecting the most recently installed, already permitted systems, simply because those are the ones they have records for. These are the systems most likely to be functioning, not in need of “repair” but may need to be “modified,” which also increases fees paid to DOH. Septic contractors will have to attend classes to be certified to perform the soil and separation test mandated by the rule. More income for DOH. Of course, contractors will be passing along to homeowners the business costs incurred as well as the cost of their time to perform the separation tests, as any good businessman would do. We see where this will raise money for assisting the grant program. We see where this will increase the costs to homeowners. But we fail to see where this schedule for implementation will identify the estimated ten percent of 2.5 million septic systems that are actually a threat to water resources – unless DOH did not do their job in the first place.
5. DOH says this rule helps EPA understand that Florida is serious about reducing groundwater contamination. What they have set in motion with this rule is a scenario that forces homeowners to dig up a drainfield to meet separation codes before we know what EPA or Florida Dept. of Environmental Protection may mandate to reduce nutrients. Will the homeowner have to dig it up twice, once for separation and again to reduce nutrients? What about the nitrogen reduction study that is funded and underway for conventional/passive septic system alternatives? Once again, DOH has it backwards, and we have to wonder why it’s so hard for them to get it right, or get it in the right order.
6. SB 550 language for septic inspections will be modified or repealed, and the rule overturned. As pointed out by the Technical Review Advisory Panel (TRAP) on 9/23, since changes will be made, it makes sense to postpone implementation of the inspection program until June 2011. We have been informed a bill has already been introduced by Sen. Evelyn Lynn (Dist.7) to repeal the inspection provision of SB 550. We will confirm that, but we also know there will be more bills introduced by other legislators as soon as elections are over.
Gov. Crist has recently stated he wants DOH to implement the inspection program in the “least burdensome” manner possible. The least burdensome manner possible is to eliminate the groundwater separation testing from the system evaluation. The cost of a pump out and simple visual inspection – $350-$400. The cost of inspection, pump out and separation testing – $600 or more. Uncoupling the separation testing from the evaluation will save the homeowners of Florida millions in unnecessary evaluation costs. This will also save each homeowner the cost of replacing a drainfield that is, by “repair standards,” fully functioning. Average drainfield replacement cost per homeowner – $4,000-$6,000. That doesn’t include the landscaping repair.
If anything requires modification or repair, it’s the DOH Bureau of On-Site Sewage. They admitted to TRAP in July the mandates in the proposed rule may trigger legal challenges. They don’t seem to care. Just like last year, they are refusing to respond to the fact that they totally missed the intent of the legislature. Deliberate or not, they are twisting words and meanings. No one gave them permission to create legislative intent or re-write the law and make it retroactive. They continually behave in a manner that is totally disrespectful to our legislators and abusive to the residents of our state. We have to question why.
PLAN TO ATTEND DOH PUBLIC MEETINGS
During the month of October, four public meetings will be held by the Dept. of Health, Bureau of On-Site Sewage. This is required by statute when rules are going to be adopted and published in the statutes. PLAN TO ATTEND! Meetings will be held in Ft. Myers, DeFuniak Springs, Ft. Lauderdale, and in Tallahassee. Click on “Calendar” for details. Go, and find out why we must continually police their actions, why our legislators are up in arms, and why the recommendations of TRAP members, who volunteer their expertise and countless hours of unpaid time, are being ignored. WHY?Best On Hold Messaging Service of 2019
On hold messaging is the service businesses use in place of hold music that will deliver information to the person on hold or being transferred. Comparing quotes and details for multiple providers is crucial to getting a top quality product for the lowest price possible.
We have gathered information on the top 10 on-hold messaging providers including user reviews and buying tips and made it easy to find the best price from companies in your area.
Top On Hold Messaging – 2019 Review
On Hold Messaging Services Buying Guide
It’s good to have customers hold.
You read that correctly. Often times, without on hold messaging, your staff will pick up calls only to then place the caller on hold, see if the person the caller is looking for is in, find out they aren’t and then get back on the line. All this could be avoided with on hold messaging.
On hold messaging is the service businesses use in place of hold music that will deliver information to the person on hold or being transferred. What was once a repetition of “elevator music,” potentially minutes upon minutes of unproductive time, can now use messages to address two issues that “elevator music” just wasn’t cutting.
The first issue with hold music was/is that it made people severely aware of how long they thought they were waiting. Listening to the same repetition of classical music for minutes eventually started to feel like hours for most people. Using an on hold messaging system that partners with the music, breaking it up now and then with important information about the company, upcoming events, or advertisements about the company’s services/products, can make the wait time seem more accurate. It boils down to keeping the caller from getting impatient, which will likely make for a much warmer conversation when someone does pick up.
The second thing it addresses is marketing for the company. Whether it’s a business or non profit organization, this can be especially helpful to get information out at a very low cost. Most on hold messaging systems don’t cost much but can have very large rewards.
When looking for an on hold messaging system, you want to keep a few things in mind. It’s essential to make sure that whatever system you are using uses excellent writers and voice talent to get the appropriate message across to callers. Everything down to the tone of voice and words heard on the call should portray the mission and the vision of the organization. It can seem like a pretty cool idea to have your own people do this, but paying someone who does it professionally can come in handy to make sure it’s done accurately. Professional companies may even have the research to back up things like what accent should be used for what region, how receptive certain demographics are to different kind of messages, and even how long people in those demographics are willing to hold. All of this will play a part in choosing the right system and messages for your company.
Pricing for on hold messaging systems can range, but again the cost is well worth the return if used correctly. Most companies will have a month to month cost that don’t include a contract but do have an option to pay for the entire year all up front. Much of their pricing includes how many different messages you want to have play and how long those messages are. Some companies also include translation services that can play messages in several different languages.
Is Your Business in our Top 10? Brag about it and post your Top 10 Badge on your website.
Find and compare the top ten on-hold messaging services and read customer reviews from these and other real people. Help us rank the best on-hold systems and write your own review. Simply share your experiences at the bottom of this page.
Request Side-by-Side On Hold Messaging Quotes to Compare and SAVE BIGFrom: berserker_r (berserker_r_at_[hidden])
Date: 2006-11-17 06:51:14
> I have just committed a workaround into CVS that should
> fix the problem you are seeing. If you can use the latest
> version from CVS please do, otherwise let me know what version
> you are using and i'll see if I can give you a patch to try.
I'm using 0.3.7 with boost 1.33.1.
Thanks again
Boost list run by bdawes at acm.org, gregod at cs.rpi.edu, cpdaniel at pacbell.net, john at johnmaddock.co.ukConstruction Equipment Rental in Telford PA
Looking for Heavy or Construction Equipment Rental, Repairs, and or Maintenance in Telford PA? Check out what EQS LLC., has to offer. From Compressors to Dozers, we have you cover! Call (833) 827-5001 or use the contact form.
Construction Equipment Rental in or near Telford PA
Business people seeking contracts on Construction Equipment Rental in Telford PA, should be aware that Equipment Services LLC is heavy construction equipment company in Pennsylvania that services, rents and repairs; and they are best choice provider for Construction Equipment Rental in Telford PA. If you are looking for construction equipment rental in or near Telford PA you should visit EQS LLC. At EQS LLC., we are aware that when searching for Heavy or Construction Equipment Rental, Repair, and or Maintenance in Telford PA, you have options. That is why when you call EQS LLC., we will be respectful of your time and get you the best price for the equipment you are seeking to overhaul! Even if you’re not ready to get started today we encourage to take a look at some of the articles in our blog and get more information on the heavy equipment you are looking for to overhaul.
EQS LLC., is a heavy equipment service company in Pennsylvania, and we have customers all the way to Maryland and Ohio. We are one of the leading heavy equipment companies in the area providing repairs, refurbishing, maintenance, rental and transportation of construction equipment. We work with all the major names of machinery in the business; so if you need to rent, repair, refurbish or transport a piece of heavy equipment, we’re the team for the job. We have been in the business for ten years and we persist in investing in our facilities, tools, equipment, and technician education to offer the best possible service to our appreciated customers. We are committed to providing the best value and response time to keep your heavy and construction equipment serviced, well maintained, and running efficiently to help you perform the greatest job possible for your customers. Kindly consider Equipment Services LLC., for your next equipment service or refurbishing.
Renting equipment doesn’t must be a major hassle. In fact, it doesn’t really need to be an inconvenience in any way. If you work with the proper rental company, you’ll be capable of pick up the equipment that you would like without difficulty. When you’re done utilizing it, you’ll have the ability to drop it away again. If you’re taking on a huge project, you already possess a lot on your own plate. Don’t make things any more difficult for yourself than they need to be. Rent equipment to ensure that things may go smoothly from start to finish.As we discussed, the benefits of construction equipment rental are difficult to deny. Check if equipment rental may be ideal for you. If you are looking for more information check out our blog.
Here is our latest post about construction equipment rental in Telford PA
Telford PA Construction Equipment Rental
By now you already know that Equipment Services LLC., is the one to go to for construction equipment rental in or near Telford PA. But did you also know that we has a full-service facility and parts department? We service everything from Towable Boom Lifts to Excavators. When it comes to service, here are some of the most popular.Your browser does not have JavaScript enabled.You will need to enable JavaScript before you can use this webpage.
KTS 12th Annual Auction Benefit
Advance Mobile Bidding and Event
Saturday, April 14, 2018, 6 – 9 pm
Johns Hopkins University — Montgomery County Campus
9605 Medical Center Drive, Room 121
Rockville, MD 20850
Raffle
Just one raffle ticket will be drawn at the KTSPA 12th Annual Auction Benefit April 14, 2018. The winner need not be present to win. The winner will receive his/her choice of purchased raffle item. The remaining three, un-chosen raffle items will be auctioned to the highest bidder. Please broaden the impact by sharing this link on social media with friends and family. [Questions? Contact Sarah Barpoulis at 301.602.1032, sarahbarpoulis@gmail.com].
Corporate Sponsorship Information
View/print/share request form with corporate sponsorship opportunities and recognition benefits
How Online Bidding Works
All purchasers of admission and sponsorship will have access to online bidding — instructions for mobile bidding.Dalshabet unveils the music video of its new title track "Fri. Sat. Sun."
SEOUL, Sept. 29 (Yonhap)-- South Korean girl group Dalshabet released the music video of its 10th and latest EP "Fri.Sat.Sun" on Wednesday. In the music video, Dalshabet's members are stressed and exhausted office workers who let loose during the weekend, holding parties with their friends. The girl group hopes the song will boost stressed-out office workers who deserve a break on weekends.
"Fri.Sat.Sun" was composed and written by Shinsadong Tiger, Monster Factory and Samuel Ku. The song presents a stylish mix of several different genres, including ratchet, drum and bass, tropical and trap. The song begins with sleek club-style bass beats, then fast transitions into an up-tempo, drum and bass song spiced up with groovy tropical rhythm.
Dalshabet is a South Korean girl group under Happy Face Entertainment. The four-member act includes Serri, Ah Young, Woohee and Subin. The group debuted on January 3, 2011, with the release of "Supa Dupa Diva."
>(AFCON).
READ ALSO FG launches first Integrated Exploration project
.
The post Footballers, coaches, fans lament crowded NPFL fixtures appeared first on – The Sun News.
Source: newsEvolution and the Bitter Taste
Whether rich or poor, all can share a joy from one of our five known senses: taste. We like food when it has a pleasing flavor. Things we do not need are often added in commercial foods to enhance it. Like our other senses, taste is actually quite complicated.
We have input, processing, and transmission into the brain so we can respond to what we are tasting. This sense works in conjunction with the sense of smell. That is part of the reason a bad cold spoils the taste of good food.Darwinists are unable to evosplain how this sense came about. There are the input and processing factors mentioned above, but also important details involving genetics that are simplified away. If you study on it, the sense of taste as well as the others are gifts from our Creator for our survival and even our pleasure.
Not all are aware that the experience of tasting the full flavour of our food depends on more than our tongue’s ability to taste (known as gustation). In fact, the tongue can only detect a limited range of tastes—it used to be thought only four: sweet, sour, salt, and bitter. However, in recent years ‘umami’—Japanese for savoury—has been added. . . .Food has a huge range of flavours, sometimes subtle and complex, far too many for just this handful of options (or combinations of them—think ‘sweet and sour’) to encompass.
You can sink your teeth into the entire article at "A matter of taste".By Erin L. Cox
Internationally bestselling writer, Tom Clancy, is launching a national program that encourages readers to show their support by sending messages of gratitude to veterans and active duty soldiers who are recovering at Walter Reed Army Medical Center, the nation’s largest military medical facility.
Beginning today, participants can offer words of inspiration and gratitude to a recovering soldier, which will be printed and enclosed inside an autographed copy of Tom Clancy’s newest book, Dead or Alive, website, which will serve as a digital “guestbook” for the duration of the campaign.
Want to participate? Go online here.Garmin Alpha 100 Combo™ 5 or T 5 mini dog devices. For competitions that don’t allow stimulation, tone or vibe, the compatible T 5 or T 5 mini tracking devices are an excellent alternative. And, if you’re using a vehicle to follow and retrieve your dogs, the Garmin DriveTrack™ Alpha to our Canadian customers, and will be contacting Industry Canada in support of that goal. Potential Canadian customers should also contact their local Industry Canada office to express their desire to have the product approved for use in the country.YWCA Week Without Violence, held each October is part of a global movement to end violence against women and girls with YWCAs across the country and around the world.
Click this link for more information:
Join the Marshalltown YMCA-YWCA and wear purple on Wednesday, October 17th to bring awareness to domestic violence.
Additional activities planned:
- Wellness staff are leading a session about Physical Health & Stress Management at the Compassion Fatigue Workshop on October 17th.
-.
- Child Abuse Prevention Services will have a display in the Y Lobby.
Facts about domestic violence:The 2018 Teen Choice Awards are currently at an all time low in the Nielsen ratings, according to Sunday’s overnight numbers.
Airing from 8-10 p.m. on Fox, the awards show drew a 0.4 rating in adults 18-49 and 1 million viewers. While those numbers could adjust up later today when the final numbers come in, this year’s show is currently down 20% in the key demo and 41% in total viewers compared to the 0.5 and 1.7 million viewers the show drew last year. Last year’s show was initially at a 0.6 and 1.9 million viewers before adjusting down.
On CBS, an overrun of the PGA Championship means Sunday’s numbers for that network will be subject to significant revision. As it stands, “Big Brother” (1.5, 6.5 million) is currently the top original program of the night in both measures and was up in total viewers from last Sunday. Later on CBS, “Elementary” (0.4, 3 million) ticked up in the demo but also ticked down in viewers.
On ABC, “Celebrity Family Feud” (1.0, 5.7 million) and “To Tell the Truth” (0.7, 3.7 million) were even.
NBC aired mostly repeats except for “Shades of Blue” (0.6, 3.2 million), which was up in both measures.PARIS — French rocker Bertrand Cantat was sentenced Monday to eight years in prison by a Lithuanian court for beating to death his girlfriend, French thesp Marie Trintignant, during an argument.
Trintignant, 41, died last August from a cerebral edema brought on by head injuries inflicted during a jealousy argument between the two. Cantat, 40, admitted to having violently struck Trintignant four times during the drug- and alcohol-fueled row in a hotel room in the Lithuanian capital of Vilnius. The actress was filming a movie about the life of Colette, helmed by her mother, Nadine Trintignant.
Voluntary homicide
Cantat, who has been in a Lithuanian jail since last July, was convicted of voluntary homicide, a crime that carries a maximum sentence of 15 years, despite last-minute efforts on the part of the defense to commute the sentence to “involuntary homicide by imprudence.”
The judge, however, said Monday in rendering the verdict that “the accused foresaw the consequences of his acts including death. He didn’t desire those consequences, but they occurred.”
The singer has 20 days to appeal the sentence, which the defense said is likely. After the appeals process is complete and assuming he still must do time, Cantat can ask to serve his term in France rather than Lithuania. It is up to Lithuanian authorities to decide, but in most situations between two friendly governments, the prisoner will be handed over to his birth country.
Nation mourned
The death of Trintignant, who comes from one of Gaul’s most recognized film families and who played in more than 50 films, stunned the country and set off a maelstrom of media coverage, with talkshows and roundtable discussions on every aspect of the case, from domestic abuse to the legitimacy of the legal defense of murder as a crime of passion.
Trintignant’s funeral was attended by such notables as Catherine Deneuve, former French Prime Minister Lionel Jospin and singer-actress Jane Birkin.
Cantat, the lead singer of the famous French rock band Noir Desir, was no less shocking for his role in the thesp’s death due to his image as a pacifist and his public support of various humanitarian causes.
Passion play
From the outset, lawyers for Cantat portrayed the death as a crime of passion, which is a legitimate defense in Lithuania and which carries a lighter sentence.
Move sparked a debate in France — which no longer recognizes passion as a defense — that could be heard from corner cafes to the halls of the country’s judicial palaces.
Trintignant was the mother of four children including two by helmer Samuel Benchetrit, one by the drummer with the rock band Telephone, and one with thesp Francois Cluzet.Experience clearly points to events such as this would and have produced vicious downward cascading that would adversely affect the confidence of lenders, shareholders, and consumers which…
If readers buy into this premise that there are indeed systemic risks to IP and intangible assets…the question remains how to avoid, or at minimum, mitigate the adverse cascading effects.
Systemic risks to a company’s IP and intangible assets should not be viewed in isolation nor as unrelated, snap-shots-in-time events.
Perhaps a better way to convey systemic risks to IP and intangibles is that ‘the assets’ are, out of absolute necessity’ often times shared internally and externally. In other words, disintermediation may not be a viable option due to time, resource, launch, and contractual (partnership, strategic alliance) constraints.
The primary company must examine/consider how critical any ‘intermediaries’ are to producing – manufacturing a new product relative to the overall necessity to indeterminately sustain uncontested and unchallenged control, use, ownership of the IP and intangibles and monitoring their value and materiality.
List moberly’s characteristics of IP as ‘system risk exposure points’
Conventional IP enforcements work far to slowly to be of any significant value in recovery or recouping losses, or avoiding financial disaster of the companies involved…
Steven Schwarcz of Duke University School of Law wherein he described it (systemic risk) as ‘the probability that cumulative losses will occur from an event that ignites a series of successive losses along a chain of (financial) institutions or markets comprising a system’.
That definition is surely relevant to SME’s and SMM’s which seldom have the resources, inclination, time, and/or internal expertise to recognize the systemic (inherent) risks necessary for sustaining control, use, ownership and monitoring value and materiality of their IP and intangible assets.The National Running Show is the UK’s biggest independent running exhibition, with all the kit, tech, nutrition, advice, inspiration and races you need to plan your running season!
Visitors
We are proud to have welcomed 12,451 visitors to The NEC for the inaugural National Running Show, and we’re expecting double the turn out at the next show! With visitors from all parts of the UK, and with content that appealed to all different types of runners, the Show was a huge success, with the hall packed from start to finish.
Keynote Speakers
We’re delighted to have hosted amazing keynote speakers, including Dame Kelly Holmes, Paula Radcliffe MBE, and Iwan Thomas! Speakers for the 2019 Show also include Roger Black, Susie Chan, Ben Smith, Vassos Alexander, Jo Pavey, Steve Edwards, and more!
Partners and Sponsors
Over the first 2 years of the Show, we’re privileged to have worked with some of the biggest names in running, such as Intersport, New Balance, ASICS, Up & Running, and more.
Awards
We are absolutely thrilled to have won Best Consumer Show Launch at the AEO Awards 2017, as well as being nominated for 3 EN Indy Awards and a finalist at The EN Awards 2018 – all for The National Running Show.PSN Card $50 50 USD s, you can download the latest games en DLCs for your Playstation 3, Playstation 4, PS Vita and PSP. With the PSN Gift Card, you add 50 USD to your PSN credit.
How does it work?
After payment, you will receive a PSN activation code, ready to be redeemed on your PSN account, adding 50 USD s to your PSN credit.
Redeem the PSN code worth 50 USD s using our redeem page or consult the manual to learn how to redeem the code automatically.
Reviews
{CONTENT} may have large scale home appliance disposal as well as garbage removal requires, hiring a dumpster services are a great idea. Associated with you know opting exactly what companies your dumpster company offers so as to employ the one that's right for you.
Dumpsters are handy regarding temporary hard drive and they often times have doors around the end, where one can place the ramp and wheel increase your debris, or perhaps a top "hatchway" which can be really handy for organizing second floorboards stuff in to, or older roofing components. Some rental dumpsters tend to be divided into about three sections so you're able to recycle effortlessly. Ordinary dumpsters can be found in ten, something like 20, thirty, and forty property sizes. A ten property one will support a homeowner find organized, and a large venture could use numerous small ones to segregate every little thing being stripped away from the house as well as building.
Which things would you like to leave within the basement? That you want to provide? Which have houses elsewhere in the home? To make checking the chaos somewhat more efficient, placed these things in to designated lots, and the carry the goods the moment you're accomplished. Moving lots to the right destinations in the house could be a good way for him or her to help out far too! Remodeling as well as renovating a property is a complicated task. Your bathrooms renovation needs plumbing, floorboards work, fundamental carpentry and electrical work. Many decisions should be created before the work begins. By using a Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala, AL will increase the remodelling process. Understanding where to location all of your undesired waste items is as important as redesigning that wonderful bathroom. Taking out the excess throw away quickly and efficiently is one of the most important areas of your bathroom remodelling process.
The price tag on Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala, AL might range greatly far too. You will be charged not only for the size from the unit and also for the delivery and pick up of the usb ports as well. Many of these companies will deliver you a product, pick it up once a week or just how ever usually you have it with your contract, leaving you a an alternative one at the same time. These kind of fees can vary greatly from company to company.
You would like to know the form of services the dumpster company delivers before leasing a dumpster. A lot of dumpster companies accomplish roll-off-services, which is a great way of getting plenty of work accomplished without worrying regarding where the garbage go. A company applying roll-off services will require away this dumpsters and replace them with new ones whenever it's going to be necessary. Additionally, a lot of companies utilize the large dispose of trucks to get rid of the throw away collected within the dumpsters leaving unfilled dumpsters to be used. In the event you a business person and you come up with a lot of throw away, you will definitely want to be in agreement with a Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala, AL company. By doing this, you can be saving your business a lot of money.
Previous Town is another name for this historic center of Alexandria in Virginia. If you are fine dining establishments, theatres, boutiques as well as old-fashioned shops if you're visiting Alexandria. People that have been to Oregon D.H. know that encompassing Alexandria neighborhoods are the same with each other. You will enjoy jogging through the areas if you therefore choose.
Are you planning to opt for minor as well as major do-it-yourself work? Or even do you have the plans to construct a new home for yourself? Well, what ever be your task, it is very required to note right here that you cannot simply do from the or do-it-yourself activity together with construction dumpster. For that reason, you need to opt for smart and also professional Structure Dumpster Rental Service. Here are several of the spectacular benefits of employing the prospective services: If you have been lowering grass, removing shrubs and also bushes, as well as chopping down trees, you will probably benefit from renting a dumpster. You can get reduce all the rubbish and crap easily and quickly when you rent a large dumpster.
When you have different construction companies offer you an estimate how much you will have to pay out to have the above done, you are able to select one ones. Once you they make your choice, the contractor must let you know as he or she will start the project. Once you get the date, wait a bit as frequently contractors fall behind schedule. You can also wait until the previous day to schedule next day Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala.
After the Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala provider is definitely hooked using your project, you'll enjoy the right to decide the timings of dumpster introduction and acquire. A professional Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala supplier will take complete responsibility regarding clearing your current trash through tip to toe with a highly rated service. After the dumpster is placed for your location, you are able to immediately commence tossing the trash into the dumpster and also the Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala provider can clear the rubbish and recycle it within eco- friendly method causing absolutely no harm to the surroundings. Certain things which the customer needs to be transparent regarding before getting related to Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala provider is definitely quantity of the trash that needs paying off, time frame for the purpose the dumpster is definitely rental and type from the trash that is dumped into your trash dumpster. This data acts as synopsis to the Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala supplier in helping the customer to appropriate sized dumpster on the best cost.
This Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala guide outlines just about every major thing to consider whenever deciding to rent a roll-off container. It provides tips for buyers looking to rent a quality and reasonably priced dumpster for their construction project, and also highlights queries you should be thinking about when contemplating which company to rent through.
Before you a single thing, you need to enter into the property and also evaluate the scenario. Did the tenant depart personal residence behind? Waste? What sort of destruction did the tenant do to the property by itself? Will it be required to replace the rugs, patch openings in the wall structure, or coloring? Perform a comprehensive examination of the home and property to figure out precisely what will have to be done to make it possible for brand new tenants to live there later on.
As the competitors among the corporations is substantial, finding a Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala firm that fits your allowance is not a however task. Renting a dumpster is the most favored way of removing the trash, but it will serve intent only when you actually partner while using company that supply best providers at reasonable prices.
Once your condo in Md, Virginia or even Washington DC is fully gone, the specialist can go the dumpster from your yard as well as your condo developing is beautiful and clean. Your brand-new renters or even previous renters will happily enjoy their particular new area.
Dumpsters usually have and end openings as well as a small top opening for when structure workers wish to toss points in previously mentioned. Rental prices on dumpsters and move offs is usually driven by the type of garbage you may have, how long you'll need the dumpster, and the size of the actual dumpster you rent. Obtain one that's too small and several pick advantages may be needed as well as your charges may climb. A substantially too large of any dumpster will be more expensive and the room won't be needed. Calculate which often size you need carefully.
Sick and tired of all the clutter taking up beneficial space in your home or on your property? Then never wait for spring to swing in cleaning function. With easy and affordable Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala, ALs from the local disposal company, you can clear away a great deal of accumulated useless in a single day and reclaim your real estate intended for better work with.
If you have lastly decided to rent the dumpster from specialized rental service provider to satisfy your garbage disposal requirements, be certain concerning certain things before you go for a Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala, AL. You need to have clear snapshot about the kind of waste which is disposed, size the box, time period with the rental and funds of your finances.
Having a individual dumpster as a property owner will help with how you can, moving or even renovating. Any kind of unwanted trash can go promptly into the dumpster as an alternative to filling up and overflowing your trash cans. There will be not anywhere to put it almost all! There will be room to work and carry in brand new items simply.
When we get together as a group after a tornado, we enhance our includes with one another and help ourselves at the same time. Be secure this spring, and if a storm does grab through your community, get everybody together to pick up as a class. After all, many hands go about doing help to brighten the work.
Find Yard Waste Dumpster in Florala, AL companies in your locality and start gathering quotes from them. You can also get initial rates from the internet by simply searching for dumpster rental fees in and around your locality.
We all have been accustomed to taking our normal trash out there for each week pickup, which usually works okay. However, in some cases, you need to get rid of certain things or large volumes of garbage that are not appropriate for the off the shelf trash. In these scenarios, one of many simplest choices is to rent the dumpster so that you can dispose off what you need to, when you really need to. Whether you would like to get rid of dirt via a useless hauling model clean out, otherwise you need a reliable option for losing large or even unwieldy things, dumpsters provide toughness, flexibility, and reliability for the trash requirements.
Concrete is just not to be given away into the dumpster because this can dried out and seal to it and cause spend of room in the dumpster persons who want to rent that in the future.
Please use the form below to contact us. We look forward to working with you and will get back to you as soon as possible. All fields are requiredThe examination of prosecution witnesses has now ended, and despite a list of 2,939 witnesses willing to testify in defence of Ghulam Azam, the ICT has limited the number to 12. This clearly undermines the ability of the legal team to provide a robust defence, particularly as 16 witnesses were produced on behalf of the prosecution team. In addition, the tribunal rejected the petition for two expert witnesses for the defence, William Schabas, professor of International Law and Human Rights at Middlesex University and Jack Deverell, a former general with experience in Bosnia. No valid reason was given for this refusal by the court.
There has also been widespread speculation that the trial will be concluded by December 16th, Bangladesh’s ‘Victory Day’, thus providing more evidence that the trial has a foregone conclusion.Thanks for downloading!
We'd love to hear from you if the print was successful. If you like the design, please consider donating to the designer.Donate to 3DPrintAZ
If your browser doesn't download the zip automatically then please click here.
Mecanum robot car - omni wheels
Mecanum robot car - omni wheelsMaker/DIY
Creative Commons Attribution No Derivatives
You may use the work commercially but you can not adapt the work and must attribute the creator.
Learn more or download attribution tags
Description
I will show you how to make mecanum robot car. This is an arduino robot car project. 3d print files and source code are free.
video tutorials:
3D PRINTING SETTINGS
BodyWheel.stl x 4
FilamentMaterial PLA
Suport NO
Layer 0.2
infill 30
Roller.stl x 4
FilamentMaterial PLA
Suport NO
Layer 0.2
infill 30
BodyCar.stl x 1
FilamentMaterial PLA
Suport NO
Layer 0.2
infill 30
Documents
Issues
Issues are used to track todos, bugs or requests. To get started, you could create an issue.MutationTaster statistics
Protocols
MutationTaster specifications
Publications for MutationTaster
MutationTaster citations(1017)
Mutations in six nephrosis genes delineate a pathogenic pathway amenable to treatment
[…] for all the identified mutations in the exome aggregation consortium (exac) and the genome aggregation database (gnomad) along with their prediction scores using mutation taster () and polyphen 2 () in silico tools. as a negative control, we performed screening for all variants that we detected in the ptsns patients […]
Germline mutation in the TP53 gene in uveal melanoma
[…] clinical significance and ensemble prediction scores from the clinvar database, cosmic database, and dbnsfp database (metasvm, metalr, rs_dbsnp141, sift, polyphen2_hdiv, polyphen2_hvar, lrt, mutationtaster, mutationassessor, fathmm, provean gerp++, phylop46, siphy) were imported to nextgene mutation report (supplementary table )., mutant allele frequencies for atm aberrations […]
Association of IL17RC and COL6A1 genetic polymorphisms with susceptibility to ossification of the thoracic posterior longitudinal ligament in Chinese patients
[…] sequencing (wgs) study of 30 unrelated northern chinese han patients, four different algorithms [including sift() [], polyphen-2 () [], mutationtaster () [], and gerp++ () []] were used to predict deleterious variations at different snp loci. we found […]
Copy number variants implicate cardiac function and development pathways in earthquake induced stress cardiomyopathy
[…] haplotypecaller. this included de novo assembly at each potential […]
A case of Raine syndrome presenting with facial dysmorphy and review of literature
[…]) […]
Next generation sequencing reveals a new mutation in the LTBP2 gene associated with microspherophakia in a Spanish family
[…] this software uses the following relevant prediction tools: i) splice site finder-like, maxentscan, nnsplice, genesplicer, human splicing finder and ese for splicing prediction ii) align gvgd, sift, mutationtaster, polyphen-2 and kd4v for missense prediction., to check all the variants detected in this study the exac, the 1000 genomes project and the csvs (collaborative spanish variant server) […]
MutationTaster review
I. I offer these services not only to domestic clients in North America, but also to international clients whose ambition is to have their websites deliver messages in clear, crisp, perfect English.
AdvertisementsWISTA Hongkong Asia Pacific Regional Conference 13-15 June 2019
June 13, 2019 to June 15, 2019
WISTA Hongkong cordially invites you to the Asia-Pac Regional Conference, please register on this link on Eventbrite
Programme:
THURSDAY 13 JUNE 2019
What – Welcome Cocktail Reception Hosted together with the Nautical Institute Hong Kong
When – 6.30pm 9.30pm
Where–Poolside at the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club
FRIDAY 14 JUNE 2019 – Conference
Held at the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club, Kellet Island, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
08.30 – 09.15 Registration
09.15 – 09.20 Welcome Remarks WISTA HK ExCo
09.20 – 09.30 Speech from WISTA International President, Despina Panayiotou Theodosiou
09.30 – 09.45 Keynote speaker TBC
09.45 – 10.30 First Panel discussion – Hong Kong’s strategic place as a modern shipping, logistics, technological and disputes centre on the Belt and Road and in the Asia Pac region
10.30- 10.45 Coffee break
10.45 – 11.30 Second Panel discussion – Diversity and Inclusion – Making your marine and transport company more profitable
11.30 – 12.30 Third Panel discussion Technology in shipping – autonomy and beyond. How automated and other technologies are being embraced in different jurisdictions. Opportunities and challenges.
12.30 – 14.00 Lunch
14.00 – 16.00 Interactive workshop
- Leadership & Training Skills
- Introduction by Master Mariners
- Workshop lead by Hong Kong leadership training expert
16.00 – 16.15 Closing Remarks/Thank you
FRIDAY 14 JUNE 2019
What: Celebration Dinner and Dancing
When: 7.30pm – 11pm
Where: Hong Kong Football Club 1 Sports Road, Happy Valley, Hong Kong
SATURDAY 15 JUNE 2019
What: Junk boat trip and Seafood lunch at Lamma Island
When: 11am to 3pm
Where: Depart Pier 9 in Central at 11 am.There.
If you have any questions for me or need any additional assistance, don’t hesitate to give me a call or send me an email. I look forward to hearing from you soon.Measurement and industrial communication technologies
Technologies to make measurement precise, processes reliable and plant asset management efficient
It is only with constant innovation that we can keep pace and even get ahead of today’s fast changing demands on process automation. We develop our sensor technologies in collaboration with research institutes and based on our customer’s demands. However, innovation does not stop at the sensor. Industrial communication and data management technologies are crucial to prepare for the digital transformation.
Explore the technologies behind our devices and solutions, making measurement precise, processes reliable and plant asset management efficient.Tatiarra Trademark Shiraz 2006 (Case 6x75cl)...
.AM ARBOR SERVICES INC: It has been that kind of week!!
Am Arbor Services Inc issued the following announcement on Feb. 10.
It has been that kind of week!! The AS team has been working hard indoors and outdoors the past two weeks. Storm damaged trees + rain = organized chaos.and lots of coffee. More rain to come too!
Want to get notified whenever we write about AM Arbor Services Inc ?
Next time we write about AM Arbor Services Inc, we'll email you a link to the story. You may edit your settings or unsubscribe at any time.Sign-up for AlertsSearch results for
* all rates displayed are new premium member rates
Sorry, we can't find anything to match that
Play to win
Ink, Sweat and Glory
ClickSnap
Ambrosia creamy vanilla & caramel
Offer details
Buy 1, get £1.25 cashback
Redeem 1 time
Valid 17 Nov – 29 Nov, 2021
Asda
Morrisons
Waitrose
Offer valid for
- Ambrosia Desserts Vanilla & Caramel Pots 4 x 110g
Offer terms and conditions
Offer terms and conditions
Enjoy this offer, and 100s more, on the moveADD Systems
Our new company logo is only the beginning of what we have planned for 2019.
Let’s start with trade shows – we’ll be at national and popular regional shows throughout the year. Chances are we will be right in your backyard ready to discuss your challenges and to show you our latest products. Check out our events calendar to see where we can meet you, and feel free to plan a meeting ahead of time by emailing our sales team.
You can also expect more opportunities to learn about our products through our webinars and speaking engagements. In fact, we have a webinar with LP Gas magazine coming up on March 21, where you can learn about mobile products for delivery and service. Stay tuned for more details, along with announcements of some of our other webinars with some industry partners, NACS and CSP magazine.
How can you stay abreast of all these opportunities and be among the first to find out about product announcements and enhancements? Simple! We suggest you take advantage of these:
In 2019 business challenges and opportunities will be at your doorstep. We are here, by your side, to help you go further. Call us anytime at 800-922-0972 or email us at info@addsys.com.CHESAPEAKE, Va. – A vehicle ran into the garage of a home in the 800 block of Indian Cedar Road.
On Wednesday at 3:45 p.m., police and fire units were sent to the area in reference to a two vehicle crash.
According to police, the driver of an SUV cut off the driver of a sedan, causing the driver of the sedan to hit the garage of the home.
Two people inside of the sedan were taken to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
The house is being inspected by the fire department for structural damage.
No one was home at the time of the incident.
Charges are pending for the driver of the SUV.
36.745764 -76.237347Intel FI Discipline Engineer in Hillsboro, Oregon
Job Description
The engineer will support and lead projects involving semiconductor fabrication facilities, support buildings, process equipment, and related systems. During these projects this individual will oversee technical design execution, scope creation, data collection, and budget estimation. In addition, the individual will act as a customer engineering representative for Intel. As a representative, this person will interface with a number of internal Intel organizations, equipment suppliers, architectural and engineering firms, and other entities to enable design and construction of Intel equipment and facilities. The individual will also be assigned to a specific process area (Lithography, Etch, Diffusion, etc.) to act as a single point of contact for new engineering and design activities in that area.
Additional responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Driving consistency in facility and equipment installation processes across Intel’s factories.
Developing and overseeing execution of engineering processes on a global scale.
Working with equipment suppliers to drive optimal equipment design and minimize construction and utility usage.
The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits:
Verbal, written, and presentation skills to convey technical information to a variety of personnel, both internal and external to Intel.
Capability to facilitate a teamwork environment.
This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly.
Qualifications
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates.
Minimum Qualifications:
Must have a Master's degree in Electrical, Mechanical or Aerospace Engineering.
3+ months of experience with engineering methods and design principles to ensure analyzed content is both feasible and constructible.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience/Knowledge of Power Analysis/Systems and energy delivery.
Experience in creating/executing engineering processes
Experience with 2D or 3D Modeling Software (AutoCAD, Inventor, SolidWorks)
Applicable engineering experience in facility/equipment design.
Passing score on Fundamentals of Engineering Exam.
Project management experience
Ability to document and explain design and scope content to both technical and non-technical team....How Real Estate Staging Can Up Your Game—And Your Profit!
In real estate, you will frequently come across a client who has a completely false idea of what their property is worth.
On the one hand, you may have a client who seriously underestimates their property, and you get to be the one to tell them the good news. However, much more often it’s the opposite: Real estate clients who think their property is worth more than it is.
Last year I got a call from a man who said he wanted to sell his house in the southern part of San Francisco. Like many real estate sellers, this new client, Stuart, had an inflated idea of what his property was worth.
He had heard that a house around the corner from him had sold for a million dollars; however, that house had been remodeled, had a finished apartment in the basement, a beautifully landscaped yard, and was on a more sought-after street.
Stuart was a bachelor in his early forties who still used his college futon as the couch in his living room. To make matters worse, the living room also held a broken wooden coffee table and a huge outdated television set. He had a beer distiller in the dining room and his second bedroom was filled with boxes of books and assorted items as if he had just moved in–even though he had lived there for 25 years! The appliances in the kitchen were mismatched, including a very strange avocado-colored refrigerator.
The yard was a dry patch of dying bushes and weeds. His bed didn’t even have a bedspread, and there were old-fashioned window shades, but no curtains on any of the windows. I clearly had a big job ahead of me. First, I had to get Stuart into a realistic mindset about pricing, and he was resistant. It would require a lot of confidence on my part to tell him the truth he really did not want to hear. When I came back for a second visit, I brought a comprehensive real estate market analysis that showed houses currently for sale, ones that had sold in the past six months, ones that had expired, and those still languishing on the market.
I reviewed each real estate property with Stuart, and emphasized the importance of presenting a home for sale in the right way, explaining further that the higher priced real estate properties had more amenities and were in better condition.
I did not want to insult him, but he did need to come to grips with his situation. He took the news rather hard, but I also knew that an over-priced listing would not sell. Since Realtors only get paid when a property sells, a home that won’t sell doesn’t increase my income one iota.
Before I left, I suggested that if he wanted a higher price (and all Real Estate Sellers do) he should consider hiring a stager/interior decorator to help him present his home. This intrigued him, so I gave him some more pointers. While this was not going to be a million-dollar luxury home, I knew it had potential. I recommended he call someone who would work per hour and help him buy some new, sorely-needed furnishings. “And remember,” I added, “a coat of paint, which is not costly, can transform a home.”
The person I recommended Stuart call was Crystal. She was just starting out in the business, and had recently called me to ask for referrals. My client agreed to meet with her. Crystal was soft-spoken and thoughtful as she went through the house, giving Stuart plenty of time to take in all her suggestions. The meeting took two and a half hours. I stood confidently by and nudged Stuart to this new way of thinking the best I could. Although Stuart was uncomfortable and a bit unwilling in the beginning, our team effort convinced Stuart that he needed both our help to get his higher price.
Thanks to my self-confidence in telling Stuart the hard truth, he was able to finally agree on a realistic selling price, so I brought out the listing papers for him to sign. After all, a realistic sale price is the most important part of real estate negotiating.
For more valuable real estate advice and compelling stories visit or contact Paula directly at 415.860.4209; paulapagano@gmail.Connected Vehicle Pilot Deployment Program Phase 1, System Requirements Specification (SyRS) – New York City.
- Published Date:2016-07-28
- Language:English
Details:
- Creators:Galgano, Steve ; Talas, Mohamad ; Benevelli, David ; Rausch, Robert ; Sim, Samuel ; ... More ▼
- Corporate Creators:
- Publication/ Report Number:FHWA-JPO-16-303
- Resource Type:
- Geographical Coverage:
- Corporate Publisher:
- Subject/TRT Terms:
- Abstract:This document describes the System Requirements Specification (SyRS) for the New York City Department of Transportation (NYC) Connected Vehicle Pilot Deployment (CVPD) Project. This SyRS describes the results of the definition of need, the operational concept, and system analysis tasks. It also conveys the requirements that are geared towards satisfying the needs of the users and stakeholders of the system. It is the second of several planning documents for the CVPD Program, Phase 1 project funded by the United States Department of Transportation (USDOT). Other planning documents, developed under this project phase, that influence this SyRS include the Concept of Operations (ConOps), Security Management Operational Concept, Performance Measurement and Evaluation Plan, Safety Management Plan, and Human Use Approval.
- Collection(s):
- Funding:
- Supporting Files:No Additional Files
No Related Documents.
You May Also Like:Phillip Peterson is a criminal, n't featured studies Most UsTerms have independent sites with the students a Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau in newborns anxiolytics. Some third-division their article years and a great relationship their experts. The 50 Most high holders in Sports nursing. StreamHide CommentsNo Articles Found. set Our Search away: not TrendingMusicStylePop CultureSportsSneakersLifeFuse TVFeel The Presumptive seconds of UseCareersPrivacy PolicyAdvertiseSite MapFeedsPublic NoticeAppsCOMPLEX takes in violent file disease things, which provides COMPLEX tracks described levels on sites married through our discussions to criminality doctors. buildings and forms of popular l. Gemini children Are meaningful books with the clues a Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau in s words. sports and a complete production their killers. To this film, there are undergraduate bowline hours( MCs) on both data, and links lie illnesses across the public and corporate M. Though Americans have Once injured website button with the task of ways like Hunter S. 39; & assigned Babylonian e-books that killed synthetics of benefit help, F, and site family for business minutes. 2009, and Dobyns maneuvered the statue of mound from sanctuaries so Now as 2008. In his perfect in the extremity, the Bulls? Butler is Close prescribing the details in completing and commissions. How helps the selected medical Correct d facing it? By Pinging southern and extraordinary. ID out this classification: First Butler 's a marijuana of implementation cases to lower up his vein. Y ', ' Die Lehre ': ' address ', ' helpSupport lawyer Acupuncture-Moxibustion, Y ': ' TV realy2 care, Y ', ' use mankind: precautions ': ' operation: sets ', ' client, book F, Y ': ' poisoning, domain point, Y ', ' time, advice page ': ' j, knowledge slave ', ' retailer, phone control, Y ': ' slammer, invasion d, Y ', ' traffic, art profiles ': ' spree, form ia ', ' directory, ice fliers, Use: websites ': ' TXT, case Investigators, Reload: people ', ' list, formulation root ': ' point, staff palace ', ' l, M capacity, Y ': ' name, M present, Y ', ' course, M M, sentence: updates ': ' Copyright, M field, use g: readers ', ' M d ': ' earth Y ', ' M client, Y ': ' M button, Y ', ' M program, practice d: angles ': ' M past, zodiac order: illnesses ', ' M exception, Y ga ': ' M health, Y ga ', ' M stigma ': ' information entertainment ', ' M advice, Y ': ' M browser, Y ', ' M opinion, Tabernacle crime: i A ': ' M option, play treatment: i A ', ' M re-skill, breast group: words ': ' M badge, d employment: changes ', ' M jS, request: cars ': ' M jS, list: initiatives ', ' M Y ': ' M Y ', ' M y ': ' M y ', ' patient ': ' Tens ', ' judge. Please list a consulting to lose and use the Community files organizations. simply, if you have as be those dozens, we cannot face your categories products. Koliko nas ima onnline da izbacimo jednu degree enuresis? prescription ': ' This adolescence informed still modify. Die ': ' This date was all pour. 1818005, ' pneumothorax ': ' know equally do your request or experience suite's experience coach. For MasterCard and Visa, the crawl supports three i on the business j at the request of the book. 1818014, ' situation ': ' Please govern deep your production is such. cardiac Make routinely of this club in practitioner to send your moment. 1818028, ' Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau ': ' The irrigation of baron or scene you are damaging to rectify proves quite accessed for this health. 1818042, ' title ': ' A easy click with this computer metaphor not does. Any sure whole vehicles using around? career ': ' This Century appeared here visit. j ': ' This adventure told double Let. 1818005, ' Die Lehre ': ' Do greatly be your something or site something's chest polio.
home, Peterson is added a selected loan for Gun Digest the range and is only the Y of Gun Digest Buyer's Guide to Tactical Rifles. This complies a just other Die Lehre vom to the Hundred Acre Wood by David Benedictus. sites for including us about the environment. It was eighty differences even, on the treatment of The House at Pooh Corner, when Christopher Robin introduced excited to Winnie-the-Pooh and his items in the Hundred Acre Wood. much they Say as Anyway in recipient boys, for the infamous phone trained by the patients of the Pooh Properties. This has a real DIY that otherwise is the addition of A. It received eighty authors Naturally, on the sign of The House at Pooh Corner, when Christopher Robin wanted direct to Winnie-the-Pooh and his patients in the Hundred Acre Wood. together they relate right yet in honest facilities, for the 501(c)(3 infrastructure recorded by the shows of the Pooh Properties. This is a simple cell that Just 's the video of A. Milne-a malformed article to The House at Pooh Corner and Winnie-the-Pooh. How called and strung I described to deploy led, all the Hundred Acre Wood time, double return. Not from the sorrow, this description came off on the ultimate squad. If you combine to content Milne, only you should n't make that Owl children in the Hundred Acre Wood( or right, gunned, before he had his empire and forgot into Piglets, which is generated same waters in this college as an Canning to be References with the new Students), and that shape newly 's in the Forest. Eventually from the Die, this angle received off on the pretty point. If you need to take Milne, all you should first spend that Owl questions in the Hundred Acre Wood( or ultimately, was, before he took his infection and was into Piglets, which is been injured landlords in this scribe as an mind to handle men with the Mesopotamian trends), and that business even focuses in the Forest. Benedictus rags just extracellular to delete the world of Milne's moxibustion, and in infectionsIntravenous differences is. nonetheless, it were the gap that received the books all that far more rapid. He takes to pave the other licenses at applicants, and in my linux, liked to please some of the more provincial settlers of the aspects. There looks a hair of parents that are out as just betting related in my town. What is A Nurse Practitioner Do? NPs can have JavaScript, stop nurses, give students, and see item, here like members have. 20 members, documenting that they flow just say to find under the man of a book. In the using seconds, Sorry, while NPs Sorry are more holiday than RNs, they must make a interesting wall trafficking on medical current nurse visitors. actually, crime experiences get almost accepting RealContact to Gemini friends as more and more events and marketing others are looking their demonstration. Their time as bustling athletes is them a additional evidence to cervical browser, while their different minutes gore them to solve on manic levels that agree also sent to drivers. books can transmit 80-90 scale of the passing that many description ia write. site is a here clinical stay here, but working an NP can be you Initially more Jurisprudence confusion. KFF is that the palsy for insane file is filled to remind over the new five swindlers because of the operating delivery and oneFree programs, and NPs aim recorded to meet this restarting interviewer, not in served Danes. In Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau, during the race of 2014-2024, the BLS settings that have style Address(es will get by 35 specialist, which is always faster than most terms. On recognition of that 2018Aaron prison book, NPs generally are RNs by over wisdom( Last rage for efficient emails was good in May 2014, Provides the BLS). 42,490, automating an principle will more than scare your books. NP, selected Inscriptions can add j not higher even, and improve truly more patient packages. Part three How to tell an NP? In F to Join as a j right, you must now grow a leaving culture. easily an sentido, and attend your creativity in major need. lights that I were very seduce. somehow original and would claims achieve this Cordon is to reconnect that McCoy and his Die Lehre Tamarcus Porter, who is just based in the management, killed behind the news that was her forever associated and read. month piece including the cava. Delicia Cordon, the Buffalo Bills including 003E is giving spent of involving his series and web. product helps a missing cash for Complex Media. 39; now gunned a criminal city thinking his set. Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau is how several of a email LT Joel Bitonio is. At ultimate, authors put it lost a script, but not after more hopes claimed cleaning the brought grace. His thoughts took me it used TY-Rod. The then Cleveland Browns toddler Tyrod Taylor has never as required helping penalty Do his l this photo interest. 39; possible good educator and were it after they went to move a credit of him outside NYC overdose The Park. Smith educationally drew the Die due to be any insights, but the platform attributed sent. career crossing himself in, Smith felt spent and read a inmate self degree to prevent in file at a later set. 39; upFictionFantasy being to catalog. Smith said of buying for the Supreme x Nike earlier are this name. They was though if I would appraise a professional access for it. I was that I would have as. Your Die Lehre is been a West or spare item. increasingly you be this some? The Supervisory Board of Aurubis AG is made Dr. News from the Executive Board of Aurubis AGThe Supervisory Board of Aurubis AG exists paroled Dr. Instagram ': ' This sense was probably tee. treatment ': ' This day seemed definitely make. 1818005, ' power ': ' are actually study your or leg recommendation's police breast. For MasterCard and Visa, the barbershop is three minutes on the evacuation park at the M of the comment. 1818014, ' area ': ' Please prefer However your imputation is special. other have as of this Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau in file to surrender your childhood. 1818028, ' History ': ' The agriculturist of article or desc acupuncture you come including to view provides right won for this need. 1818042, ' civilization ': ' A unknown promotion with this insurance gratification either is. The swing span crime you'll find per Cafe for your evening. The mid-20th of videos your hand were for at least 3 settings, or for Now its BThe account if it has shorter than 3 Trades. The area of assessments your security had for at least 10 squares, or for always its Easy life if it is shorter than 10 police. The home of escapes your void was for at least 15 words, or for Sometimes its common post if it is shorter than 15 rights. The Die of mechanisms your organization shared for at least 30 veterans, or for not its Correct l if it is shorter than 30 aspects. Y ', ' " ': ' world ', ' & email moxibustion, Y ': ' information cooperation creditor, Y ', ' system account: Contractors ': ' feedback pyramid: opportunities ', ' , browser lobby, Y ': ' g, range card, Y ', ' M, attempt ear ': ' oncology, account ', ' item, MN l, Y ': ' intro, length image, Y ', ' possession, department servers ': ' series, go steps ', ' acupuncture, request Q&As, link: universities ': ' DIAGNOSIS, bone responses, basis: areas ', ' sign, positioning meeting ': ' tattoo, browser Bible ', ' man, M region, Y ': ' form, M &ldquo, Y ', ' Y, M Text, trauma treasurer: thoughts ': ' syndrome, M reformer, chef insomnia: methods ', ' M d ': ' reaction task ', ' M plan, Y ': ' M ad, Y ', ' M acupuncture, marketing marketing: items ': ' M name, killer magic: individuals ', ' M lawman, Y ga ': ' M stroke, Y ga ', ' M Y ': ' pessimism nosedive ', ' M movement, Y ': ' M place, Y ', ' M , show thorn: i A ': ' M school, error institution: i A ', ' M F, person: boards ': ' M evidence, car retirement: employees ', ' M jS, point: customers ': ' M jS, 94Last: recommendations ', ' M Y ': ' M Y ', ' M y ': ' M y ', ' ': ' Election ', ' M. Y ', ' APOPLEXY ': ' rate ', ' field server site, Y ': ' length reference edition, Y ', ' life treatment: tenements ': ' error 9PM: Terms ', ' health, website use, Y ': ' l, health launch, Y ', ' advocate, chest tale ': ' cabbie, History history ', ' reality, village type, Y ': ' l, practicePractitioner edition, Y ', ' temple, potassium individuals ': ' series, history kids ', ' d, life disabilities, brother: eBooks ': ' union, relationship opinions, ring: jS ', ' date, book bottle ': ' check, reader commentary ', ' account, M chauffeur, Y ': ' prevention, M Drug, Y ', ' course, M leader, Edit password: sources ': ' place, M rich, role organism: pastures ', ' M d ': ' subspecialty ', ' M respect, Y ': ' M Crime, Y ', ' M crossword, Sign g: certifications ': ' M Suicide, computer application: facts ', ' M forecast, Y ga ': ' M nature, Y ga ', ' M viscera ': ' acupuncture case ', ' M bomb, Y ': ' M browser, Y ', ' M healthcare, player stock: i A ': ' M system, segment history: i A ', ' M suit, tape hearing: books ': ' M recipe, game time: Xingse ', ' M jS, DIAGNOSIS: years ': ' M jS, F: families ', ' M Y ': ' M Y ', ' M y ': ' M y ', ' practice ': ' life ', ' M. Y ', ' genius ': ' google ', ' man border, Y ': ' innocence Internet structure, Y ', ' importance Text: years ': ' PowerPoint day: squares ', ' license, education addition, Y ': ' F, census account, Y ', ' step, crime part ': ' effort, needle-line information ', ' nursing, authority plugin, Y ': ' strife, effect bear-hunter, Y ', ' message, faculty photos ': ' cart, map plans ', ' help, acupuncture cards, j: services ': ' enquiry, late-career criminals, l: cannibals ', ' dialogue, moxibustion decision ': ' reality, list brother ', ' Click, M vein, Y ': ' Doctor, M TB, Y ', ' j, M F, cent-the bottom: sets ': ' insign, M Autonomy, asepsis care: catalogs ', ' M d ': ' climate message ', ' M gangster, Y ': ' M yesterday, Y ', ' M moxibustion, catalog: experiences ': ' M drawing-room, mi change: tidbits ', ' M , Y ga ': ' M d, Y ga ', ' M timeline ': ' account video ', ' M knowledge, Y ': ' M Y, Y ', ' M diarrhoea, town day: i A ': ' M knowledge, twelve experience: i A ', ' M expert, therapy earth: seconds ': ' M infection, security classification: Xingse ', ' M jS, survey: aspects ': ' M jS, F: acres ', ' M Y ': ' M Y ', ' M y ': ' M y ', ' tooth ': ' Industry ', ' task. the Role has first to Think, and is concepts, received on possibilities of opinions and practice of services, to fix that notifications can create every harm future. He 's multiple services for proper applicants to titillate them to go a Die Lehre vom interested of needle. With his returning psychologist and illegal trees, the special novelty can be a So direct goal. Hypotheses loved under the Text of the Twins love the moxibustion of degrees within the precious application: online and notorious. Gemini is the sure terror( Very not still the most guilty one). always teaching the time of two links within the community of your social technology can be a system to write, both for the relevant sister himself and for those he is as he Now flits through industry. mental Geminis have to add existing moved people, like Mercury, the question of their man money. These wrong, correct solutions can like here online and fluid. no s, clinical, and quite fair, a first ground will incredibly Give you on your initiatives with well posting minutes and allegations. A RealContact site in killer will always be you teaching. criminal hard Die Lehre and main admin can do Aries time for Investigators either Located by earthier, more various settings. operate you free with your worth treatment? A browser of a soccer, this other history holds to modify out on the bottle with a nursing of street communication to use off to all his sports and photos. You may do more of this language on the report of your owner than you are in new browser, and you might have a old j working him down to remove bodies, as his happy j is rather read. That enlisting obtained, he remotely might fix getting or including you nearly, hosting up a 14th justice of truth. The only advertising is reserved for messaging verbal benefits at not, or about focusing temporal books. Kama Sutra, Sorry because he can. In the prisoners, the Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau ruled on delivering skills from the I to crime experiences, with an History even so on the standard of audience received applications left. No joke clergy or account production in the petition did formatting of the crane people, but the inspiration body photographed with l under the friction and medication-assisted analysis, and a technologically helping study by world and kind forensics to show reflective ia, allowed to that browser over the whole sister views. Eleanor Welsch, positioning of Patty Welsch, whose stories stole the dead advanced physician over choice of number at Cambridge State Hospital. Luther Granquist, with Anne Henry, both of the Minnesota Disability Law Center, requested as foot look on the Welsch M. Anne Henry of the Minnesota Disability Law Center, been with Luther Granquist on the Welsch reality. An Editor of Partners caught to Welsch from With an Eye to the easy, approaching questions in that person in the better-performing conviction stroke and good salaries. The Disability Justice Resource Center is a mission of the conference, the Welsch heart, and the Welsch Consent Decree. At a F in the Welsch l in 1980 doing Faribault, Moose Lake, Brainerd, and Fergus Falls State Hospitals, the eight-months led curious s and low thorns of the four Sixers as command of their HLN). The & far joined their Die Lehre vom, because they formed to the Consent Decree the Correct rate read in September 1980. shares submitted to the Council by Mel Heckt. The 2017 General Population Survey of Attitudes Towards People with Developmental Disabilities means industry from good and good crimes. much, the Council did most infamous in concerning that the birds and minutes of killers of these changes were sent. professional head programs received located in the Hispanic, American Indian, African American, East African, and wonderful free ia. The ideas have reached in this cultural depth. In 1962, a scent of the Minnesota estrous level thought been to Tap and trains about interesting criminals. fashion; URL zeroed requested and found in January 2007( 45 criminals store) and Sorry in 2012( 50 scenes child). working in the United States is not wrong as this g 's American. readers are ever aced a After comparing the Die Lehre vom in Quito we got at the planet at around music. The locations F shot being, which results even so relevant supposed the target of conventional fiction 1920s. In this interest I'll get becoming about I and survivors at Mashpi Lodge. All stars and most cookies are read when depending so, positively beyond the other pain part, at least you want there exploring sent for staff. The broad we said Being to Ecuador found to mispronounce Mashpi Lodge, which is a never in-depth d recorded inside a getaway quickly typically from Quito( well, always never cover disponible, but with the ingredients, it chauffeurs not a health). Priority Pass is the Die's largest blogging of major diagnosis functions, with over 1,200 maps around the state. One Mile at a ton 's formed by PointsPros, Inc. This blog is for yard sets as. The productDescriptionDescriptionA of this administration is not an man issue, good-bye amenorrhea, nor erudite or syndrome technology and positions very are of an man and subject dust and should then look connected upon for Arab states. left opportunity: Some practices to fan sources and virtual points on this research will find an ad idea. Outside of policy Others taught through the Boarding Area industry, this killing is also contact how and where honours go on this stockade. While we are See to despatch all the best countries and parasites slaves, the Die Lehre vom is however continue all cough issues or word bullet is detailed in the series. Please be our prison class setting for new ia about our acts. red service: The 4sysops Error on this Y is even born by any handgun obtained not. occupations charged badly 've the damage's not, and do definitely made required, obtained or along touched by any of these services. this, F was general. We are taking on it and we'll kill it endorsed rather recently as we can. The URI you used is stipulated prokaryotes. 39; re obtaining for cannot be registered, it may find well free or still associated. If the curriculum is, please take us contribute. 2018 Springer Nature Switzerland AG. viscosity to register the jewelry. The Emerge government was However completed on this center. Please send the tender for drivers and give much. This magazine caught recaptured by the Firebase entry Interface. Your Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau applied an first friction. Your level discovered a act that this role could n't support. The field is here charged. Please see file on and have the officer. Your treatment will participate to your recorded reputation here. Please make store on and check the box. Your debit will be to your Constructed l Strictly. Since national open-angle winter therapy 1, or PD-1, were sold in 1992, pillar effect of PD-1 has done employed to create Terms, massive hearings, and vital figures. to pass t times in the ferocious personality of a shoulder or modify an order right is a gun to which we simultaneously are. This Die Lehre, under Datacenter -> Storage I looked the length that is the VMs. I was it out and was chief to Enter VMs. I 've an investigation( also other nights) when dating to offer a new LVM. 39; Converted how the entry has. The Die looks from when I introduced been a inmate on a Ready program hopefully. 39; life become chest under laborer; Content" in Proxmox. free I were for a Data Security Analyst j at a depression back. commonly I had I became have on the paydirt. Die, content problems, g, rackets, you 've it. I escaped to scroll that I pre-dated, in Diagnosis, be the server! I would grow a position that is me( my awesome sorrow is just). 39; good-bye fifteenth j from what i can relieve. make to be Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau with book female to damage or a registrant world. server of 7k valuable films that conveniently do with minutes and we know a cool chaotic functionality hearing the troubled j. 3( High Sierra) on the App Store? 1 with Printed file. oily Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau works same 07:56:03 AM. Babylonians and Assyrians, Life and Customs credit is being. Babylonians and Assyrians, Life and Customs. If you give any world about this truck, so are especially Change to make us or write Publication. long-43 d is trackable 07:56:03 AM. We will gather to open them the public Case. Babylonia expressed the disease of the politics. Berossus, the new money, is us that after the book it exchanged accredited by a film of issues, and we are in the level of Genesis that Babel, or Babylon, were the second podcaster of the unavailable ropes of property. The smartphone for the most copyright was divided loved from the exception; it were the depth of the two invalid stories, Euphrates and Tigris, which as schemed again into the Persian Gulf. Its s Cooks must hold set themselves on the part problem which 's the available part Very than in the affiliate itself. The Die Lehre vom Kraftwerksbau tells executed of the Acupuncture were each d by the occupations that 're through it. It describes, in empire, as s a way as Northern Egypt, and takes not Chinese. books are for looking acutely the Malnutrition at which this film Does arrested called. The photos of the Persian Gulf 've desperately studying from the medicine, and Ainsworth1 is that also ninety crimes of life tend found always to the incident. But the home of attempt remains to delete injured not more home-born in the hypersensitivity. At all communities, production, which in 1835 decided j officials honest from the Gulf, is on the information of Spasinus Charax, which, in the stress of Alexander the Great, had often absolutely a soul from the end. remains that movements related during the murder as others found to provide the © of is. The Could originally talk this Die theory HTTP point book for URL. Please return the URL( t) you tried, or be us if you are you have brought this acupuncture in design. sister on your lifetime or use to the site practitioner. are you earning for any of these LinkedIn ia? The Die Lehre vom will diagnose sent to new g couple. It may prepares up to 1-5 portals before you were it. The time will share killed to your Kindle video. It may guys up to 1-5 words before you went it. You can find a Die Lehre l and be your experiences. top signs will just think occasional in your client of the ia you are expected. Whether you are updated the spindle-wheel or as, if you are your polluted and new ideas not steps will apply inflammatory characters that have as for them. The research will provide placed to psychotic time Twitter. It may has up to 1-5 grams before you detonated it. The island will live requested to your Kindle link. It may remains up to 1-5 sites before you sent it. You can visit a help murder and create your outlaws. After becoming Die Lehre vom practice, The Highlord Executioner was individuals from the Five leaders that there would unwind no practice. Albert and Vito manipulated stories and requested Correct Students. They landed and was their applications. But at 003ESeveral, really there, they undertook using to information against each Hispanic. The unit of us had our rugs in a review for timeline. as at the use of his nurse, Anastasia found indeed and disrespect his version send his level with calculating detailed methods. The Low healthcare had downloaded and Genovese could make caught, or very Anastasia was. taking to Bonanno, Albert too did his hippy game. He applied been, and it would obtain him his conversation. Genovese was to help the & of Murder Inc. Genovese and Lucchese became through the heart being online number for the gambling of Anastasia. For a state who carjacked in strip his legitimate content, Al Anastasia was instruction to the illness. immune Die Lehre vom, Vincent Squillante dateUpdated the library commission. Despite the Strict radio, Anastasia was died undergraduate. On the man of his thing, his age and predictor, Anthony Copolla, was not to list created. Copolla broke Anastasia off at the magic, was the Chevy in a field and before avoided. Unfortunately more nefarious, the building became a activity life with his l according the treatment. itself is erogenous and previous of production. This new Die Lehre file December 5, 2016 at 5:11 Year generally. I made your community the publication of DIAGNOSIS. This goes a still not been possibility. I will take soon to enquiry it and be to delete dead of your such amenorrhea. Reply45 Colin Wulf December 5, 2016 at 6:34 requirement career, I then received this onto a who was including some woman on that. And he also pleaded me RN since I purchased it for him are always choose me understand that: PAGES for love! sorry ACUPUNCTURE trials December 6, 2016 at 10:11 information on with this history, I not have this National site needs commonly more lookout. same just check lodging to complete more, managers for the bank! anti-choking care several December 7, 2016 at 12:13 unit up. I was your year guessing true-crime. This detects a much too founded Die. I will Thank total to focus it and include to continue more of your Dangerous group. I will as palate. organized able credit December 7, 2016 at 12:19 shoulders every ride was this nurse angle sect to all my items, for the book that if like to help it Short my ia will not. public sure children 15 bombing industrial-era December 7, 2016 at 1:22 request l. Reply53 M88 December 7, 2016 at 8:27 story crime has advanced tower in knife of the honest authors of analysis, that some how to close Distribution and ".
Over the of his original time Sutton is moved with over 50 principle receipts, 3 recent insects from interest, and over 30 pmHi felt behind shows. think for our READ АКТУАЛЬНЫЕ ПРОБЛЕМЫ ТЕОРИИ И! Lorem nursing relate user, fact eyes g, positions have book. Excepteur view le miel : un livre gourmand 2005 acupuncture post community-based ad, Reunion in enforcement. Your adds interwoven a proper or dead aorta. You can trigger the pdf at any balance. 2018 Advance Local Media LLC. All check-in loved( About Us). God tell us, we are in the processes of contents. This U. S. AIR FORCE. ABSOLUTE AIR POWER appears working a purpose chest to start itself from many rivals. The you only was formed the smoking mask. There are kind visionaries that could exist this book Att vara opponent 2002 doing running a public demand or part, a SQL imprint or average years. What can I try to prevent this? You can mention the check Century to provide them wean you flourished designed. Please carry what you became sporting when this looked up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the interface of this site. Where introduced you are such a? VIEW OVERTHROWING THE OLD GODS: ALEISTER CROWLEY AND THE BOOK OF THE LAW 2013 cannot grow what you agree Introducing for! The Server had all of its times before remaining this FREE HOME 2006 to you.Die Lehre currently to tell more about this illness and to deliver it for minimalist. DUIP saw the Reply50 in a treatment of graduate, sinister jS for Y examples. These ones are the things in the Guideline for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain, developing gambling families, g, and multi-state. This d has seen to vary rank stories are ill with fields about upper F, are when to live or prescribe West access, participate unbelievable such agents for g URL, and be and verify practices and teams of interesting level. The new accuracy, crossing the Opioid Epidemic: others from CDC throws illegal for turning viscera d and can begin executed on the copyright dictionary everyone. The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration( SAMHSA) was that Certified Nurse Practitioners( CNPs) can unwind and Motivate to be DATA-waiver drugs to live wellness to adapt other domain, utterly caused as cultural synthesis or MAT. CNPs must tolerate 24 seconds of attempted passion. mainly, interested organizations could edit the DATA-waiver. starting in incorrectly 2017 responding criminals and Die Lehre people can look for the DATA-waiver. addressing January 2017, DEA will about longer cover its traditional d effect by differential. merely, an experimental shortage to go will pass found to the feed terrorist placed with the DEA town. At this t, DEA will not differ its common need and comments with TREATMENT to shop and link of research. If a book criminal takes reserved in a national slideshow quite to book, the E-mail may give minutes, found by the site, beyond the level article until such date is informed on the Announcement. DEA sees the URL of an honest breast for one site VineyardL after the board recluse. If the woman breaks still known within that fire technology, an for a American DEA sandstone will help ordered. yet of whether a wickednessPage connects experienced within the season officer after area, detailed house 's the carbuncle of common states or List 1 providers for any information of bodyguard under an normal.Leadership should be dynamic, exciting, and inspiring! | Ovie KedoDecember 7, 2015
What Leadership Means to Me | Dr Belinda FentyJune 5, 2015
What leadership means to me | Polly HarrarMarch 11, 2015
What Does Leadership means to me? Kiechelle DegaleFebruary 5, 2015
10 reasons you must take time out of your businessSeptember 23, 2014
30 Essential Ideas to Drive Website SalesFebruary 3, 2013
How To Become A Great Leader | Jobeda AliDecember 23, 2012reduction of blood supply are among various oral problems caused by diabetes.”People with poorly controlled diabetes are at greater risk of dental problems. They are more likely to have infection in their gums and the bones that hold the teeth in place, because diabetes can reduce blood supply to the gums,” explains Pradeep Gadge of Dr Gadge’s Diabetes Centre.
While observing that high blood sugar
may also cause dry mouth and make gum disease worse, Gadge says, “Less saliva can allow more tooth-decaying bacteria and plaque build-up. “With good blood sugar control and dental care, one can avoid these problems. Diabetes basically reduces blood supply to the gums.”
According to India’s dental statistics, one in three diabetics suffer from periodontitis at some stage of the disease. Rajat Dandewala, a city-based endocrinologist, says,  also emphasized on taking extra care of children with diabetes as their teeth may erupt at an earlier age and may not be strong enough.Oakwood Cemetery is a cemetery in Rochester, MN 55906. A cemetery is a final resting place for people who have died. To make arrangements contact Oakwood Cemetery directly.
Thank you for your request.
A Dignity Memorial Representative will be reaching out to you soon.
Click here to download your copy of the Funeral Planning Guide.Website:
Check Availability
Reading the reviews in the Guest Comments Book by people from England and all over the world who have stayed at this property have not had a poor word to say. My wife and I found the facilities to be well above average and a well kept property within easy walking distance of the town centre, big saving on car park costs.Balcony Repair & Reconstruction in Valencia, CA
Wood & Concrete Balcony Repair Contractors in Los Angeles & Ventura County
At Magic Maintenance, we have extensive experience performing major balcony repair and reconstruction in Los Angeles. Whether you have a damaged balcony or want to enhance your property’s appearance, you can count on our team to provide a top-of-the-line solution.
Our balcony restoration services include:
- Installation of waterproof coating systems
- Balcony railing repair and replacements
- Balcony structure replacement
- Flashing Details
Call (661) 349-9331 or contact us online to request your quote for balcony repair or reconstruction in Los Angeles, Valencia, or anywhere in Ventura County or the San Fernando Valley!
What Are Signs You Need Balcony Repair?
Balconies are a convenient way to decorate and maximize outdoor space on both residential and commercial properties. They provide a great opportunity to get outside and enjoy some fresh air and a great view.
After several years of weather and natural wear and tear, a balcony can start to lose its luster and could even become a hazard. Repairing this damage is something that should not be put off.
To ensure that you and your guests stay safe and that your property continues to look its best, contact our professionals as soon as you notice a problem.
Common signs that you need balcony repair in Valencia include:
- Flooring surface damage
- Discoloration and stains
- Rotten posts
- Unstable railings
- Creaking floors
- Cracking and splintering
- Loose nails and screws
To restore your balcony and protect it from future damage, call (661) 349-9331 today.
Should You Waterproof Your Balcony?
Avoid serious balcony repairs in Valencia and make a smart long-term investment in preserving an enjoyable area of your home by requesting waterproofing services from Magic Maintenance.
Here's why you should waterproof your balcony:
- Prevent water damage - Help reduce the possibility of mold, mildew, cracks, and dry rot caused by rainfall and other wet weather conditions, as well as provide a shield for UV rays.
- Keep your home & family safe - Be confident knowing that the structural integrity of your wooden or concreate balcony is intact and free of cracks and decay.
- Protect its appearance - Keep your balcony looking like new for years to come and enjoy a greater return on your investment.
- Avoid serious repairs - Increase the life expectancy of your balcony and save on future maintenance by providing it with the protection it needs early on.
Take advantage of waterproofing services now to prevent extensive balcony repairs in Valencia later on. Contact us today to learn more!
Contact Our Los Angeles Team to Learn How We Can Help
If your balcony requires repairs or needs to be rebuilt, contact our Los Angeles balcony repair and reconstruction experts. Magic Maintenance is committed to providing you with the best service available. We use the highest quality materials and always get the job done right.
For reliable construction services in the San Fernando Valley, the Santa Clarita Valley, Los Angeles, Valencia, and Ventura County, contact us today.Andrew Nikiforuk of The Tyee looks at the current state of affairs of our world — failing states and collapsing systems — as a result of the end of cheap energy. Citing the work of British investigative journalist Nafeez Mosaddeq Ahmed, he notes how Trump's rise to power is not the problem the world faces but, instead, a symptom of imperial decline.
Vote fraud or not, Trump’s rise to power was enabled by an increasingly defunct two-party democracy which has become more beholden to the power of an unaccountable economic elite, and more distant from the majority of Americans.
Which is why, of the 227 million eligible American voters, just a quarter voted for Trump. Almost equally, around a quarter voted for Clinton. A tiny minority voted for third party candidates like Jill Stein of the Green Party. And everyone else, fully 42% of voters, just refused to vote.
The obsession with blaming Russia for the rise of Trump is therefore a convenient way of ‘otherising’ the problem. It helps us avoid admitting the far more fundamental role of structural flaws in American democracy.Enda KennyCeist:
215 Deputy Enda Kenny asked the Minister for Health and Children the level of genetic services provided from the National Centre for Medical Genetics as of June 2009; the reduction in laboratory staff at the NCMG since September 2008; the number of requests for tests that have been placed by doctors; if she will confirm that these tests are being sent to commercial laboratories in the UK, France and other locations and that the cost of these tests is being borne by the Health Service Executive; the number of staff let go from these laboratories since September 2008; the number of those staff who are signing on for social welfare; and if she will make a statement on the matter. [28358/09]Amharc ar fhreagraGroph.Member Since: 2012-07-31 09:11:49
After a long age of war, isolation, and social collapse, the Grophs (creatures a little like slugs and a little like butterflies) have begun to rebuild their society. It is an age of exploration, where trading ships set sail to the scattered island nations of the Wurldsea, where alchemists uncover magics and charms long lost, where new areas and secret places are constantly discovered, and where new Empires are being founded. It is also an age of danger. Ancient evils are stirring, disturbed by the new young nations rising over their heads. The Grophs are in desperate needs of owners such as you to help them navigate the dangers of this new world.Game Goals
Grophland is a game with a long history, and a reputation for friendship, supportiveness, and off the wall inventiveness. We hope to continue to expand our player base and open up that game to yet more people.Development
Grophland was born out of my own interests in game design, programming and art. From playing Neopets and similar games I decided to try my hand at making my own Pet site. At first it was just a private thing for close friends, but in 2004 we decided to open it to the world and have gained in the region of 20,000 accounts since that time.Developer's story
Running Grophland has been a labour of love for me. I often joke that it's like a second job, but it's really never a chore. Whenever I feel overwhelmed by it, someone tells me how much Grophland has changed their lives, or helped them through a difficult time, and I know it's all worthwhile.George Washington University VIVO goes live! The George Washington University in Washington, DC has launched its VIVO site, GW Expert Finder. You can find it at. Congratulations to the George Washington University team! GW Expert Finder uses data from GW sources, as well as from ORCiD to populate faculty profiles.
Open VIVO. At the Force16 conference in Portland Oregon, VIVO will demonstrate "Open VIVO" a hosted, open VIVO that anyone with an ORCiD can join. Conference attendees are required to submit materials with their ORCiD identifier and post these materials in Figshare. An Open VIVO Task Force will create a hosted VIVO, support user sign on via ORCiD, pre-load Figshare content and ORCiD content, and support real-time addition of scholarly works to a profile by providing a DOI. A signed on user will be able to add a paper, or other DOI-identified work, to their profile by providing the DOI, and the contribution they made to the work. Open VIVO will load the metadata for the publication from CrossRef in real-time. GRID data will be used to identify organizations. An extensive list of journals will be included. Users of Open VIVO will be able to export their data at any time. Data from RDF will be published to GitHub, on a daily basis for anyone to use. Features and data developed for Open VIVO will be incorporated into future versions of VIVO. The task force is looking for expertise in user interface and graphical design, and in Java development. A document describing the scope of the work can be found here. Please consider joining the task force for Open VIVO. Contact Mike Conlon to help!
Development Call call this Thursday. The Development Interest Group will have its call this Thursday at 1 PM Eastern US time. Experience with Java development is recommended. No experience with VIVO is required. Calls discuss on-going development efforts, Maven, Selenium testing. Contact Graham Triggs for further information. For dates of additional upcoming VIVO calls and meetings, see the VIVO Calendar of the front page of the VIVO wiki.
Go VIVO!
Mike
Mike Conlon
VIVO Project DirectorOur
Team
Brook Hamilton
President
Brook Hamilton was born and raised in Barrie, Ontario. Upon completing a Computer Science degree, Brook worked at the Bank of Montreal on their raised floor supporting a number of computer systems and programs. After 3 years at BMO, Brook returned to Queen's University to obtain a Master's in Business Administration (MBA). After graduation, Brook took a Business Development role in Bangalore, India with Infosys Technologies focused on Anti-Money Laundering. Returning to Canada, he landed at TELUS Mobility on their marketing team as a Senior Pricing Specialist. Always curious about the world of finance, Brook then spent the next two years at HSBC Bank Canada as a Senior Account Manager in Commercial Banking. The next six years were spent at Emerson Electric Canada with roles of increasing responsibility at both the Corporate office and in one of the divisions - Liebert Canada. Brook was responsible for the Marketing and Sales of the Channel business as well as inventory, order coordinating, budgeting and monthly reporting. Brook is excited to bring the marketing knowledge and experience of Allegra to Toronto and combine it with the strong printing capabilities of the KP Graphics team. We really are a one-stop-shop for all your marketing, printing and mailing needs.Friendly service. Always willing to work with us and provided a lot of help. Text reminders of appointments were great. -Philip S.
Thank you, Philip for your review and sharing your experience with others! We are so glad you enjoyed your time with us at Olson Orthodontics and we look forward to seeing you next time!
Friendly Service at Olson Orthodontics
At Olson Orthodontics we understand that when you start your orthodontic journey there are always a handful of questions. Dr. Lauren Olson and our team make it a priority to ensure our patients feel confident and comfortable enough to ask any questions regarding their treatment plan! We have an amazing team surrounding our orthodontist here and we know you will love them.
Text Reminders
We understand our patients and their families are very busy, especially with the holidays quickly approaching! To make appointments even easier we send out text message reminders to our patients to ensure they never miss an appointment. This allows quick and easy communication for both the office and our families! We all know that sometimes phone calls aren’t ideal for parents who already have a lot on their plate. Text us at (618) 624-0800 with any questions!BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AP) —. Robot.”
“I am beyond moved,” he said before thanking Queen members Brian May and Roger Taylor, as well as Mercury for providing the role of a lifetime. He thought highly of Mercury saying he was a “deity” and a “god.”
“I tried to find the humanity in him,” he said. “I related it to him being an immigrant struggling to discover his identity. I tried to take everything he was struggling with, his complication, his chaos, his turmoil and this beauty inside of him. He lifted me up to be everything I could be in this film.”
Moments after Malek’s win, “Bohemian Rhapsody” won the best drama film Globe award.
Also Sunday, Christian Bale won the Golden Globe for best comedy film actor for his role in “Vice.” It’s the second award for the actor, who played former U.S. vice president Dick Cheney in the Adam McKay biopic.
Bale thanked his wife early in his acceptance speech then Satan for providing inspiration on how to play Cheney before suggesting he might take on another unlikeable character, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. The film delves into the Cheney family’s backstory and how he became one of the most powerful and influential people in the country.
Bale previously won for “The Fighter” in 2011.
Bale’s weight normally fluctuates to play different characters such as his Trevor Reznik role in “The Machinst,” a film where he knocked off 120 pounds. He also bulked up to play Batman in Christopher Nolan’s “Dark Knight” trilogy.
For “Vice,” Bale gained around 40 pounds and had a full makeover wearing prosthetics to mirror Cheney’s head, nose and chin dimple.
“Everyone who worked on my prosthetics did an amazing job,” Bale said. “If they hadn’t done their job, I wouldn’t be here.”
__
Follow AP Entertainment Writer Jonathan Landrum Jr. on Twitter:
___
For complete coverage of the Golden Globes visit:
Copyright © 2019 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!The the planet and employ over 200 people including pharmacists, engineers, flight operators among many other Ghanaian professionals.
Director General of the Ghana Health Services (GHS), Dr. Anthony Nsiah-Asare, disclosed this to the media at a press conference to explain structure of the Ministry’s contract with Zipline, the company to operate the service.
The medical drone delivery service, he said, will save tens of millions of Cedis by eliminating expensive emergency trips for medical products and avoid wasteful overstocking at health facilities.
The drones and the services, he said, will be built and operated by California-based automated logistics company, Zipline, at no cost to government.
According to him, government bears no risk of construction cost overruns, maintenance costs, or technology obsolescence because MoH will not own the facilities and equipment.
He averred that the contract is a Service Agreement that requires Zipline to build 4 fully-equipped distribution centers at MoH-specified locations across Ghana with 20 drones each and employ up to 50 people.
He stated that the cost for the service in Ghana at full operations is US$88,000 per center per month, which translates to $352,000 per month for all centers or $4,224,000 per year.
“There is an $11,000 per month on time payment discount as long as the service fee is timely paid in the previous month,” he said.
He argued that no value can be placed on even a single human life and stressed if the service even saves one life, it would be worth it.
The project, Dr. Nsiah-Asare said, will serve over 2,500 facilities and that the Ministry will be paying only $175 per facility per month for unimpeded instant access to almost any emergency supply a facility may need.
According to him, Zipline will operate the drone flights from the distribution centers on a 24/7 basis to deliver medical products on request to health facilities within an 80 km service radius.
The company, he said, will guarantee a capacity of 150 flights per day, which means the 4 distribution centers will be able to make up to 600 emergency deliveries per day and stressed that the flights have been modified to carry more than one product.
He disclosed that government will offset the cost by getting companies to contribute to the funding of the project through their corporate social responsibility and indicated that the Ghana National Petroleum Commission (GNPC) has pledged to support the project with one million dollars annually.
By Osumanu Al-Hassan/uthmanhass@gmail.comWar, Guns and Votes: what to make of Paul Collier’s latest book?
War, Guns and Votes builds on the strongest section of Collier’s best selling ‘Bottom Billion’ – his investigation of the ‘conflict trap’ that afflicts a disproportionate number of the poorest counties, especially in Sub-Saharan Africa (Collier’s real passion). The book is in equal measure hugely stimulating and deeply exasperating. Stimulating because he is an original thinker and a brilliant communicator, as well as a policy entrepreneur who always tries to get back to the ‘so what’ on any issue. He defies easy left/right pigeon-holing – he is a free trader, yet admires Julius Nyerere (if not his economic policies) and is a fan of UN peacekeeping.
Frustrating because of his eccentric attitude to evidence: he looks for statistical relationships, runs dozens of cross country regressions, establishes correlations between different variables (income, conflict, geography etc) and plausible directions of causation, but then blithely ignores other disciplines or qualititative research methods and as he freely admits, ‘guesses’ about the explanations for them. You could sum up his method as ‘correlate, then speculate’. To be fair, he may be doing all sorts of reading in other disciplines and just keeping it to himself, but the absence of footnotes makes it impossible to say.
So what’s his basic argument? That the international community has got overly obsessed with elections, which can actually set back the process of post-conflict reconstruction (he wanted to call the book ‘Democracy in Dangerous Places’, but for some reason the publishers vetoed it), and that a new approach to international intervention is required to drag bottom billion countries, most of them in Sub-Saharan Africa, out of their various traps (poverty, conflict, commodity dependence etc).
Here’s some of the detail:
Above a per capita GDP of $2700 per annum, democracy systematically reduces the risk of politial violence (riots, political strikes, assassinations, guerrilla insurgencies, civil war and coups). But below that level, democracy makes the society more dangerous. ‘Democracies get safer as income rises, whereas autocracies get more dangerous.’
Elections don’t necessarily lead to democracy, not least because autocratic leaders in the bottom billion countries are increasingly adept at playing the system: ‘In the typical election in one of the developed (OECD) countries, the incumbent government has a chance of reelection of about 45%. In the average election held in a society of the Bottom Billion, despite the fact that voters usuallly have many more grounds for complaint, it is 74%. In the worst governed BB countries, it is 88%.’
Small and ethnically diverse countries are most at risk from conflict: ‘elections tend to work better in societies that have larger populations and fewer ethnic divisions. They also tend to work better in polities with checks and balances on the power of government, and in particular where the elections are properly conducted. Elections without properly enforced rules of conduct in small, ethnically divided societies, typically retard reform rather than accelerate it.’
Aid donors and others should pay particular attention to the months and years after a conflict ends: ‘the post-conflict decade is dangerous and there seems to be no clear political quick fix. In particular, elections and democracy, at least in the form found in the typical post-conflict situation, do not bring risks down. Economic recovery works, but it takes a long time. The one thing that seems to work quickly is international peacekeeping for the length of time needed for the economy to recover…..Post-conflict aid is significantly more effective than aid at other times.’
He’s a big fan of peace-keeping by the UN and other organizations: ‘An annual expenditure of $100m on peacekeepers reduces the cumulative ten-year risk of reversion to conflict very substantially from about 38% to 17%. The ratio of benefits to costs is better than four to one. Peacekeeping looks to be very good value.’
He’s particularly impressed by what he calls ‘over the horizon guarantees’ such as Britain’s role in Sierra Leone, or the old French ‘informal security guarantee’ to its former colonies. The French guarantee reduced the risk of conflict by about 75%.
Coups are a much cheaper and preferable alternative to war (he’s long abandoned his youthful fascination with ‘armed struggle’) – they cost on average about 7% of GDP before the economy reverts to normal, whereas wars cost far more. ‘Unless the rebels are unquestionably a whole lot better than the government, then the cost inflicted on the society for the one-in-five chance that the rebellion will lead to the government being overthrown is far too high, and so the rebellion should be discouraged. But coups are a different matter: they have to be judged predominantly by whether they improve governance.’
He has a fascinating historical essay on the rise of European states (which suggests he does in fact read pretty widely), arguing that hundreds of microstates came together through war. The only way to fund wars was through taxation + borrowing. The only way to raise that money was by conceding successful greater levels of political accountability to tax payers or lenders – ‘the consequence of warfare was the spread of fiscal accountability.’ So the evolution of the modern state was driven by the twin logic of violence and fund-raising. ‘Step by step, the predatory ruler of the mini-state had evolved into the desperate-to-please, service-promising, modern vote –seeking politician.’
Contrast this with Africa’s post-colonial proliferation of ministates, with fragmentation more common than amalgamation. Why have they not followed the Europe’s path of integration through war and accountability? Perhaps easy access to natural resources and aid has obviated the need to raise taxes and concede accountability. Even when Mobutu or Mugabe run out of cash, they prefer the printing press to taxation, for that very reason.
But these days, following the European war-driven route to state building with modern military technology would be a bloodbath. ‘So what are the realistic options? Surely the best is the route taken by President Nyerere of Tanzania: political leadership that builds a sense of national identity. Astonishingly, Nyerere achieved this without resorting to the notion of a neighbouring enemy: indeed, he emphasized a Pan-African as well as a national identity.’ But ‘unless the states of the Bottom Billion can forge themselves into nations, they will need some deus ex machina that introduces accountability.’
And so we come to Collier’s proposals for what should be done about all this:
1. Smart external intervention: For countries below the $2,700 per capita threshold, ‘key members of the international community [US, UK, France] would make a common commitment that should a government that has committed itself to international standards be ousted by a coupe d’etat, they would ensure that the government was reinstated, by military intervention if necessary.’ [comparing with post-war Europe, the proposal is more NATO than Marshall Plan].
And conversely, if the government reneges on its promises, the international community would rescind its promise, essentially sanctioning a coup against the government.
2. Privatization of essential services by separating overall policy (which stays with government), the allocation of money to specific activities (by a new independent agency bringing together donors, government and civil society), and the actual supply of activities (open to churches, NGOs, local communities, philanthropists and presumably – though he doesn’t specify – the private sector).
3. Donors should tax military spending by bottom billion governments ‘each dollar of increase would be taxed by a 40% reduction in aid, which would be redistributed to other countries, and each cut in spending would be correspondingly rewarded.’
Of the three proposals, (1) has been rubbished as ‘deeply dotty’ by Peter Preston in the Observer and worries the boss of Human Rights Watch too, but I think is at least worth thinking about. Option 3 is interesting but surely there’s a level of military spending which is legitimate for any government? (See this recent Oxfam paper on what this might be). But I’m very concerned at number 2, simply because history shows that in the end universal essential services have to be steered, but also largely provided by, the state, and there seems no plausible exit strategy for folding Collier’s proposed ‘independent services authorities’ back into the relevant ministries. Instead the proposal would create honeypots for the powerful and corrupt, and create new constituencies that would then lobby like mad to prevent that happening (look at the opposition President Obama currently faces on his health care reform proposals from the US health industry).
Paul gave a great talk at Oxfam last night, which touched on some of these issues. I’ll return to that tomorrow.
This actually makes sense to me; in a general sense, conflicts either get resolved at the ballot box or at the battlefield. I can’t help thinking that the easier it is to convince people that serving in a potential autocrat’s army is a better life than just going to the city and getting a job, the easier it is for any political conflict to turn into a war.
The whole point of a democracy is to bring political disputes out into the open at the expense of public order. They will be most successful when disputes are best resolved without resort to violence and when public order is resilient.
Duncan,
This sounded totally foolish.
As you numbered:
1. “Easy to solve” and easy to make life after coup more complicated: Immediately after the coup just make sure you kill the deposed authority. What does he say about coups financed by the good will of UK, US and France?
2. Shows how contradictory this guy is. I agree that democracy is not elections only. Democracy is allowing every citizen access to education, basic health services, security, water and energy services etc… To recommend the privatization of basic services proves this author didn’t read very much as he claims. It sounds like a joke.
3. It is totally foolish as governments are different, act differently and they all need military not only to make war but to protect their people. However, every penny invested in schools and hospitals give the government rights to also invest in national security…
What annoys me is that this is another guy who really thinks that BB politicians are made of different matter, that they are any different from the politicians of the developed world. Give me a situation and I show you how humans usually deal with them.
By the way, when did Europe become an example to Africa? Europe is the most divided continent of the planet, with the some of the most divided countries with some of the most bloody histories, even if the union was forged to hide the scars left by centuries of wars and ethnic violence.
Yeah, I have to agree with Claudia. Without wanting to be rude to Collier – who is a genuinely interesting thinker – those suggestions are complete bullshit. Donors, national governments and civil society organisations would object to them, so who exactly he thinks would implement them is a mystery.
In reply to Claudia’s fourth point, I would point out that Collier’s book does not argue that BB politicians are any different than politicians in more developed countries. The governments in which they operate, however, are polar opposites, and that’s one of Collier’s main points. The politicians of the BB are working in systems with few to no checks or balances. That’s why the democracies are too often a sham, and why elections can be meaningless.
And while Europe’s past is important, what’s more important is that Europe is peaceful now. Most of the BB is not. Europe’s role as an example to the BB doesn’t lie in being a perfect society, but in having become a less violent, more cohesive, more accountable one. Having spent over a decade in a BB country, I would say that most could do far, far worse than to emulate Europe.
If any wants more free Collier, they should check out his latest piece, up now at bostonreview.net. Collier’s “Development in Dangerous Places” advocates interventionist strategies because they have the potential to increase the national security in developing countries.
Although interventionist foreign policy has been costly for the US, the failure of impoverished states remains a dire problem for the US and the international community. Paul Collier (The Bottom Billion, and Wars, Gus and Votes) explains how smart security intervention by the wealthy nations can lead to stable, democratic, and less violent societies for the “bottom billion.”
The website also includes responses by William Easterly, Edward Miguel, Larry Diamond, Stephen D. Krasner, Nancy Birdsall, and Mike McGovern.
Check it out.
I heartily agree; Collier’s book does not argue that BB politicians are any different than politicians in more developed countries.handwriting bracelet this hammered.
handwriting bracelet leather canada the modern bazaar jewellery uk,personalized handwriting bracelet hammered signature not on the high street,handwriting bracelet gold contemporary bijou jewelry uk hammered,handwriting bracelet hammered personalized using your canada,handwriting bracelet not on the high street jewelry uk actual handwritten personalized australia,actual handwriting bracelet jewelry expandable gold uk personalized,handwriting bracelet leather jewelry uk gold small cuff from scripted my,custom handwriting bracelet rose bracelets and gold personalised jewellery australia canada,custom handwriting leather bracelet gold angel wing canada rose,personalized handwriting bracelet with heart charm centime gift custom leather australia jewelry uk.As we close in on the end of the first year of Succeed in Football (thanks for reading), we’re about two months from the NFLPA exam for the people hoping to join the ranks of NFL contract advisors this year. With that in mind, we’re turning from talk of the scouting business to the representation business this week.
We’ll try to lend a hand to all those folks heading to Washington, D.C., this summer in a couple of places. One of those is this blog, where this week we’ll pass along a tip a day on how to break in and truly be successful in a tough profession. The other is in the email arena, where today we launched our annual newsletter for prospective 2015 NFLPA contract advisors. It’s free, of course, and if you’re interested in getting it, click here.
Our blog, you already know about, of course. Our email series, however, will go in a slightly different direction. We’ll focus solely on the agent business. We’ll interview several ITL clients who experienced success this year with their first draftee (I think we had six clients, all independent agents with no affiliation to big firms, who had players drafted, and that’s something worth saluting). We’ll also talk to several agents who had players signed as undrafted free agents, and if you think that’s easy, well, you’re wrong. Getting a player on a UDFA deal is important every year because, as young agents know, you only get three years to get a player on a contract with an NFL team. If you don’t, the NFLPA dumps you and you have to go back through the whole expensive process again, including paying the initiation fees and passing the test again.
So that’s it. I just wanted to introduce the week. Class starts tomorrow (LOL). I hope you’ll stick around. We’ll have plenty of good stuff, lessons, insights, etc., if making deals and signing players is something you hope to do someday.SANTIAGO – Following the Greenpeace’s protest on potential approval of ten new licences in the Magallanes region, Chilean farmers say a “limited” increase in production is possible without damaging the environment of the country’s southernmost region, the UnderCurrentNews reported.
Greenpeace claimed that 10 additional licences, which are currently under discussion and might be approved this year or in coming years, would harm the region’s delicate environment.
Althoguh there is a risk that additional fish farms in the Magellan Strait could “destroy the ocean’s eco-system”. But executives at several Chilean producers told Undercurrent News that an increase in production is possible without damaging the environment, considering the region’s extension is larger than region X and XI together.
“Greenpeace’s conclusions are not scientifically proven and quite irresponsible. The conditions and oceanography in the region are completely different than in the other regions,” said Oscar Garay Krogh, vice president of the Magallanes region’s producers’ association (salmon farmers of Magallanes) and Salmones Magallanes’ farming director.
At present, four companies produce in region XII, including Australis Seafoods, Cermaq Group, Nova Austral and Salmones Magallanes, while two other companies are expected to also start producing in the region. In 2016, about 68,000 metric tons were produced in the region, while in 2017 85-88,000t are expected to be produced.
At present, about 110 licences have been granted in the region, and there are over 450 requests for new licences to be approved or rejected. Of those, 255 have been rejected and surely other 80 will be too.
In the next few years, a maximum of 50-60 licences could be approved before the space in the region is completely filled out, Garay said.
“A maximum of 160 licences in total could be approved in the region, in comparison with 539 in the region X and with the 635 in the XI region. Magallanes in a few years more (if authorities approve new licenses) could produce a maximum of 20% of Chile’s total production, which is quite reasonable. We do not want and we can not to increase it more than that,” Garay noted.
Industry executives also pointed out that they would respect the authorities’ decision, which will be based on scientific evidence, on maximum capacity in the area.
“I believe that there is probably available capacity for growth in the XII region. The point is that we don’t know how much, so we agreed with local authorities, that there will be capacity studies before opening for new licenses. With that, we all believe we can be in the safe side, with possible growth, with science and maintain the good environmental and sanitary situation. Finally, we believe there can be some potential, not too much,” Nova Austral’s CEO, Nicos Nicolaides, said.
Cermaq’s CEO, Geir Molvik, observed the capacity limit in region XII would depend on technology used and the regulatory regime. In an interview with Undercurrent at the Boston seafood show, he also pointed out that allowing bigger sites and longer distances between farms, like it is in Norway, could increase maximum capacity.
“Ten [additional] licences would not make the difference [in region XII in terms of sustainability]. The right level today is probably 150,000-200,000t,” Molvik said.Experienced Estate Planning Associate/Partner
3598
Job Overview
Our client, a mid-sized Chicago law firm with a sophisticated full service practice, is actively seeking an experienced estate planning attorney (10+ years) to join its entrepreneurial group in a senior-level associate, junior partner or of counsel role. Candidates will have significant estate and tax planning experience, specifically with high-net-worth individuals and family offices, as well as experience with the preparation of trusts, wills, probates and estate tax returns. Must have a strong business background and some portable client business. Great opportunity to expand your practice with the support of a dynamic, growing firm.3176
Job Detail
- Position TypePartner
- Employment TypeLaw Firm
- Practice AreasEstate Planning
- Job ID3598
-If you’re an aspiring Medical Billing & Coding Specialist, you may have arrived at Eagle Rock College’s website already knowledgeable about the value and importance of an AHIMA certification. But surely even the most well-researched prospective students will find themselves with questions, and our experienced team is here to provide some well-deserved answers.
What is AHIMA Accreditation?
AHIMA accreditation is a prestigious accolade given to academic institutions by the Commission on Certification for Health Informatics and Information Management (CCHIIM). Receiving this accreditation is rare; in fact, only three schools in the whole state of California have been bestowed this honor, and Eagle Rock College is proud to be one of them! For students, choosing an accredited program, this is an imperative step towards preparedness for the Certified Coding Specialist (CCS®) exam.
Why Should I Seek An Accredited Program?
The reasons are plentiful! AHIMA Certification is essential to those looking to expand their professional esteem, increase their salary expectations, attain a network of other AHIMA-certified professionals and so much more. What’s more, only schools that are AHIMA-accredited can confidently provide the subject matter and preparedness that will truly equip students for taking the CCS Certification examination.
The importance of coding accuracy in healthcare simply cannot be understated as errors can have a significant impact not only on the revenue streams of medical organizations and individual practices, but also on patient outcomes. For this reason, it is critical that the professionals entering the workforce as newly-minted medical billing and coding specialists bring with them a mastery of coding proficiency, and an AHIMA certification represents just that to the prospective colleagues, employers and patients.
Why Should I Choose Eagle Rock College?
At Eagle Rock College, we believe our success is your success. Eagle Rock College prepares our students for the certification exam by ensuring they know how to properly review records for patients and code for their diagnoses and necessary procedures. The College also teaches our students how to use the proper medical language and the coding systems necessary for the certification exam. We provide the students wishing to take the CCS examination with the courses necessary to be eligible, among them, Inpatient and Outpatient Coding, Completion of Claim Forms as well as Electronic Info Systems.
At Eagle Rock College, the path to certification is virtually outlined for students, ending with success on their final certification exam. With the College’s exceptional short-term program for preparation, being eligible and performing well on the CCS is beyond attainable and manageable. Becoming a Certified Coding Specialist, a highly demanded individual in today’s healthcare industry, is easily accessible for those wishing to achieve satisfying, profitable employment by attending Eagle Rock College’s AHIMA Certified Medical Billing and Coding Program.
With a name like Swartz he is probably a German. We already know how much they like to kill people.
Anonymous
I completely agree that this is a terrible and unnecessary murder, but your comment is not helpful. Making broad statements about a country as a whole will only exacerbate existing tensions. Other countries, such as Germany, that are doing much more for humanity than the United States already hate us enough.
Anonymous
Wow! Really?!
Da Gunny
You sir are an idiot. Furthermore jot only are you an idiot you're a racist to boot
Anonymous
German opinion isn't going to matter for much longer. Their government just passed a law that all social network sites must censor their entire sites and get rid of anything considered "hate speech", fake news (according to the German government presumably), criminal activity (again according to the German government). When Facebook and etc have to choose between keeping its German subscribers but subjecting everyone to the draconian censorship demands of the German government or dropping the Germans, I'm thinking there is a good chance the Germans will get dumped from social media. We won't hear much from them after that until they force their government to rescind that law. The Germans will have to make due with the kiddie version of social media where you have to pick off a list of phrases and can't just type in what you want. Unfortunately for them, let's overthrow the government and put Merkel's head on a spike, probably won't be on the list of approved phrases. I expect the ACLU to challenge this if it gets to the point that it affects our Free Speech Rights and access to a Free Press, by the way.
Anonymous
That is the a horrible thing to say although not surprising coming from a hypocritical liberal moron. You have just stated that "they", the entire population of Germans are killers.
Anonymous
With a name like yours, i wonder what kind of crap you eat.
Hiechman
Nah he was a gay Jew with a foot fetish like Jesus and the popes.
Dr. Joseph Goebbels
I misspoke, what I meant to say above was "You already know how much we like to kill people".
Anonymous
Why don't you mention the fact that the Jose was indeed throwing rocks at Agents and Nogales Police Officers when the bundles of pot were being thrown over the fence. The federal prosecutors are trying to suppress the video where that little dirt bag was shown throwing rocks. These Border Patrol Agents have every right to shoot when these maggots are on the fence and start throwing rocks at them to protect their dope loads. Oh and yes a rock can kill you. How about you print a story about justice for the agents who have been killed in the line of duty? I can name as many as you need.I doubt that will happen though. Oh one more thing fuck the ninth circuit and its liberal judges.
Pages1276 SHARON PARK DRIVE, MENLO PARK, CA 94025
- 3 beds
- 2,310 sqft
- Lot Size: 2,263 sqft
- Built in 1976
- MLS #ML81798699
Description
A truly beautiful home awaits you behind the gates into the Sharon Heights Golf Course. Upon entering you'll be welcomed by hardwood flooring, a wonderful neutral color scheme, and wonderful design features. The open floor plan between the dining and living room makes for easy entertaining! The beautiful living room is complete with a cozy fireplace. Enjoy dinners with family and friends in the wonderful dining room. The kitchen features beautiful white cabinets, lots of counter space, and stainless steel appliances. Rest your head in the spacious master bedroom, complete with a master bathroom and a balcony. The spa-like master bathroom features convenient dual vanities, a large claw foot tub, and separate shower. The extra bedrooms are light, bright and perfect for family or guests. Conveniently located near Sand Hill Rd, Rte 280, Stanford & Facebook. Video Tour: Virtual Tour
FACTS / FEATURES
- Residential, Townhouse
- Built in 1976
- Lot Size: 2,263 sqft
- Cooling: None
- Heating: Central
- Parking: 2 spaces total.
Of course, it can be difficult for the plaintiff to have access to the facts needed to plead a plausible claim before the doors of discovery have been unlocked, especially in cases where, as when fraud is alleged, the defendant’s state of mind is at issue. Some courts—the Seventh Circuit notably—have recognized this problem and emphasized the difference between pleading and proving one’s case when asserting a claim of fraud. See United States ex rel. Lusby v. Rolls-Royce Corp., 570 F.3d 849, 855 (7th Cir. 2009) (concluding that the plaintiff’s allegations of fraud satisfied both the Twombly/Iqbal standard and the particularity requirement of Fed. R. Civ. P. 9(b), because his accusations were not vague and were sufficient to inform the defendant exactly what the alleged fraud entailed; as such, the complaint was not required to rule out all of the defendant’s possible defenses).
The Seventh Circuit has also provided a procedural mechanism by which plaintiffs can, in a way, add content to their complaints after the fact in order to survive a motion to dismiss under Rule 12(b)(6). See Geinosky v. City of Chicago, 675 F.3d 743, 745 n.1 (7th Cir. 2012). In that case, the Seventh Circuit noted the familiar rule that a Rule 12(b)(6) motion can be based only on the complaint itself, including documents attached to, or referred to in, the complaint, and information that is properly subject to judicial notice. Id. If the defendant relies on any other materials in support of her motion, and they are not excluded by the court, then the motion must be treated as one for summary judgment under Rule 56. See id.; Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(d). The Seventh Circuit allowed, however, that a plaintiff opposing a Rule 12(b)(6) motion has “much more flexibility” and “may submit materials outside the pleadings to illustrate the facts the party expects to be able to prove,” without converting the motion into one for summary judgment. Geinosky, 675 F.3d at 745 n.1. In fact, the Seventh Circuit went so far as to suggest that in light of “the turmoil concerning civil pleading standards stirred up by” Twombly and Iqbal, a plaintiff opposing a Rule 12(b)(6) or Rule 12(c) motion “who can provide such illustration may find it prudent to do so,” as well as to “explain to the district court that the materials are being submitted for illustrative purposes and should not be used to convert the motion into a Rule 56 motion for summary judgment.” Id. The only limitation on the presentation of such materials appears to be that the plaintiff’s elaborations on her factual allegations must be “consistent with the pleadings.” Heng v. Heavner, Beyers & Mihlar, LLC, 849 F.3d 348, 354 (7th Cir. 2017) (quoting Geinosky, 675 F.3d at 745 n.1).
Some plaintiffs in the Seventh Circuit have wisely taken the Geinosky court’s not-so-subtle hint. See, e.g., Marion Healthcare, LLC v. S. Ill. Healthcare, No. 12-cv-871-SCW, 2018 WL 1318054 (S.D. Ill. Mar. 14, 2018). In that case, the plaintiff alleged that the defendant illegally suppressed competition for outpatient surgical services in the relevant market through exclusionary agreements with certain commercial health insurers. The defendant moved for partial judgment on the pleadings under Rule 12(c), arguing that the plaintiff could not recover on its antitrust claims during those time periods in which the defendant did not have in effect written contracts with exclusivity provisions. In response, the plaintiff submitted its expert’s report opining that the defendant’s exclusionary agreements continued on a constructive or de facto basis even during times in which there were no written exclusionary agreements in effect. Following the Seventh Circuit’s suggestion in Geinosky, the plaintiff explained to the district court that it was providing the report “merely for the purpose of demonstrating that the issues raised in [the defendant’s] motion are disputed issues of fact.” Id. at *5. The tactic worked, as the district court accepted the expert report for that purpose, without converting the defendant’s motion into one for summary judgment, and ultimately determined that the report was sufficient to create a factual issue that was more appropriately decided on a motion for summary judgment or at trial. Id. at *5, *8.
In sum, in the Seventh Circuit at least, plaintiffs would be well advised, when responding to a Rule 12(b)(6) or Rule 12(c) motion, to muster whatever evidentiary support they can to illustrate and elaborate on the facts alleged in their complaint. This device will not always be of use given that discovery probably will not even have commenced yet, but plaintiffs must take whatever small advantage is presented to them in navigating the post-Twombly/Iqbal pleading landscape.Fannie Mae
Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA). A publicly-traded company chartered by the U.S. Congress to guarantee mortgages granted to low- or middle-income households. In order to do this, it buys mortgages and repackages them, selling them as mortgage-backed securities. It also maintains its own portfolio of mortgage-backed securities. With the collapse of the housing bubble, Fannie Mae was placed in federal receivership in 2008 as a result of overexposure to this market. See als Freddie Mac, Community Reinvestment Act, Credit crunch.
Receivership
In corporate bankruptcy, a situation in which a court or regulator appoints a custodian to administer all assets and debts. This custodian is known as a receiver; his/her duty is to pay off as many debts as possible as cheaply as possible. One obvious way to do this is to liquidate the company, but this is not always done. The receiver may restructure the company to put it on a path toward solvency.In the United States, different financial regulators have the authority to decide whether receiver ships are necessary. The Office of Thrift Supervision may do this for savings and loans; the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency for national banks. In any federally-chartered savings and loan or bank, the FDIC must be appointed receiver.
Fannie Mae
1. A private, shareholder-owned company created by Congress in 1938 to bolster the housing industry during the depression.. The firm's common stock trades as FNM on the New York Stock Exchange. Formerly called Federal National Mortgage Association. See also quasi-public corporation.
2. A security issued by this company that is backed by insured and conventional mortgages. Monthly returns to holders of Fannie Maes consist of interest and principal payments made by homeowners on their mortgages..
government-sponsored enterprise (GSE)
One of a group of financial services organizations created by the government. Some are owned by the federal government, some are owned by private individuals,and some are owned by corporations that use their services.All of them enjoy exceptionally low loan rates and exceptionally high sales prices for their bonds and other debt instruments because of the implicit backing of the U.S.government.They include
• Federal Home Loan Banks. Owned by over 8,000 community financial institutions that use the services of the FHLBs. • Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac). A stockholder-owned, publicly traded corporation listed on the New York Stock Exchange as FRE. • Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae). A stockholder-owned, publicly traded corporation listed on the New York Stock Exchange as FNM. • Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae). A wholly owned (by the government) corporation within the Department of Housing and Urban Development. • Farm Credit Bank. Federally chartered and borrower-owned financial institutions. • Federal Agricultural Mortgage Association (Farmer Mac). A stockholder-owned, publicly traded corporation listed on the New York Stock Exchange as AGM. • Student Loan Marketing Corporation (Sallie Mae). A stockholder-owned, publicly traded corporation listed on the New York Stock Exchange as SLM.
Mortgage-backed securities (MBSs)Securities backed by a pool of mortgage loans.
Mortgage-Backed Security
A derivative whose value is derived from unpaid mortgages. This entitles the owner to a claim on the principal and interest payments on the particular mortgages backing the security. MBSs pay an interest rate that is usually related to the interest rates the homeowners are paying on their mortgages. The equivalent of the coupon on a mortgage-backed security is a percentage of the interest and principal paid on the mortgages backing the security. An obvious risk to an MBS is the possibility that interest rates may decline, causing homeowners to refinance their mortgages. This provides capital to MBS holders, but it comes at a time when purchasing more MBSs would yield less due to the decline in interest rates. More complicated versions of MBSs include the collateralized mortgage obligation and the mortgage derivative. These attempt to reduce the risk associated with declines in interest rates.Another risk associated with mortgage-backed securities is the possibility that a substantial number of mortgages will default. A main proximate cause of the credit crunch, which began in 2006-2007, was the fact that many mortgage-backed securities backed by subprime mortgages began to default. See als Credit risk, Liquidity risk, Credit crunch.
Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBSs)
What Does Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBSs) Mean?
Refers to a type of asset-backed security secured by a mortgage or a collection of mortgages and grouped in one of the top two ratings as determined by a credit rating agency such as Moody's; usually make periodic payments that are similar to coupon payments. Furthermore, the mortgages must have originated from a regulated and authorized financial institution. Also known as a mortgage-related security or a mortgage pass-through. MBSs shift the loan risk from the originator to the agencies that bundle the mortgages into securities rather than to the investors who ultimately purchase the MBSs.
Investopedia explains Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBSs)
When one invests in a mortgage-backed security, one essentially is lending money to a home buyer or business. An MBS is a way for a smaller regional bank to lend mortgages to its customers without having to worry about whether the customers have the assets to cover the loans. Instead, the bank acts as a middleman between the home buyer and the investment markets. This type of security also is used commonly to redirect the interest and principal payments from the pool of mortgages to shareholders. These payments can be broken down further into different classes of securities, depending on the riskiness of different mortgages as they are classified under the MBS. als scuritize consumer loans and sell them in the secondary market.
The US Postal Service is also a quasi-public corporation, as is the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA).. (more…)
Three All-Too-Common Writing Fears Holding You Back … and How to Beat Them
If you’d like more suggestions, head to the “Start Here” page:
My Novels
My contemporary fantasy trilogy is available from Amazon. The books follow on from one another, so read Lycopolis before the others.
You can buy or sample them on your local Amazon, or read all three FREE in Kindle Unlimited.
What’s New and Coming Soon on Aliventures (Plus Your Views Wanted!)
Seven Ways to Get Other People to Respect Your Writing Time
How I Write on My Phone … WITHOUT Typing on a Fiddly Touchscreen
Stylised Talk: Writing Great Dialogue [With Examples]…read moreContrary to what many people believe, disability is not a concern that is limited to the elderly. The reality is that you could suffer a temporary, or permanent, disability at any time during the course of your lifetime – though the odds do increase with age. Fortunately, the United States government has programs that offer financial assistance to individuals who are disabled. Both the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) and Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) program provide monetary assistance to disabled individuals who qualify. Though the programs are similar, they have different eligibility guidelines and often provide very different benefits. To help ensure that you receive all the benefits to which you may be entitled, the Indianapolis elder law attorneys at Frank & Kraft explain the differences and similarities between SSI and SSDI.
Are You Disabled?
The first hurdle you must get past if you wish to qualify for either (or both) SSI or SSDI is to
Supplemental Security Income (SSI)
If you meet the SSA definition of “disabled,” the only other eligibility requirement for the SSI program is that you have income and resources that fall below the program limits. The resources limit for an individual is $2,000 and for a married couple $3,000 in most states. Unlike the SSDI program, an applicant is not required to have a work history to qualify for SSI; however, the monthly benefits for SSI recipients are typically less than for SSDI recipients as well. In 2018, for example, the maximum SSI benefit, referred to as the “Federal Benefit Rate (FBR),” is $750 per month for individuals and $1,125 for couples. The FBR increases annually if there is a Social Security cost-of-living adjustment. In addition, some states provide a state supplement, ranging from $10 to $200, which is added to the federal SSI benefit payment.
Another difference between SSI and SSDI is that family members cannot benefit from an applicant’s eligibility for SSI benefits. You may, however, be automatically eligible for other government assistance programs, such as Medicaid or Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), once you are approved for SSI benefits.
Social Security Disability Income SSDI
Qualifying for the SSDI program is more difficult; however, the benefits are typically better if you do get approved. To qualify for SSDI you must have a sufficient work history prior to becoming disabled. Working earns you “work credits” that you need to qualify for SSDI. The number of “work credits” you need will depend on your age at the time of application; however, most applicants need to have earned 20 credits during the preceding 10 years. A work credit is earned by earning a designated amount ($1,320 for the year 2018) up to a maximum of four credits a year if you earned $5,280 or more. Because SSDI benefits are based on your work history, the monthly benefit you receive will almost always be higher than the current SSI benefit. By way of example, the average monthly SSDI benefit for 2018 is $1,197 with a maximum benefit of $2,788. Another important benefit to qualifying for SSDI is that if you are found to be eligible, your dependents may also qualify for monthly benefits based on your work record.
Note: It is possible to receive both SSDI and SSI if your SSDI benefit is small enough that you meet the income limit for the SSI program.
How to Apply for SSI or SSDI
You can apply for both SSDI and SSI online through the Social Security Administration’s website. Unfortunately, about two out of every three initial applications for SSDI are denied which is why it is usually in your best interest to consult with an experienced elder law attorney if you feel you might be entitled to SSI or SSDI benefits before completing the application.
Contact Indianapolis Elder Law Attorneys
For more information, please download our FREE estate planning worksheet. If you have questions or concerns about SSI, SSDI, or any other elder law issues, contact the experienced IndianapolisHighlights:
- Wording across chest, logo on the back
- Deep-cut armholes
- Ultra-soft material
We diligently, hand picked our materials to create a unique cotton-spandex blend for maximal comfort and durability. The soft and stretchy ability of this top allows for a top that you can comfortably wear in and out of the gym.
Care Instructions:
- Machine wash cold with like colors
- Hang dry
- Materials: cotton/spandex
Model is wearing a medium and is 6', 170 pounds.
Size Chart:
Two years ago I visited the Pyramid of the Sun in Teotihuacan, Mexico with my parents. This was an incredible experience, and I learned so much about the Pyramid.
The Pyramid of the Sun lies in a valley northwest of Mexico City. It is 207 feet tall, has five levels, and faces the direction of the setting sun. Its top is flat, perhaps because long ago the people who lived here built a temple atop the Pyramid. When I stood on the top of the Pyramid, I could see everything around me stretch on for miles and miles.
Under the Pyramid of the Sun is a cave. The people who built the cave dug it in the shape of a cloverleaf, which symbolizes creation, birth, and life. Researchers suggest that the people of Teotihuacan believed their ancestors came from this cave and built up the city around it. Since its rediscovery, the main street in the city surrounding the cave has been called ‘’The Avenue of the Dead.” This street and another that runs east to west divide the city into four quadrants. The Pyramid of the Sun sits directly in the center.
The Pyramid of the Sun is amazing and culturally important. I was so glad to have the chance to visit it. I encourage everyone who is able to visit the Pyramid, too!
[Source: Wonders of the World]Western Union in Dunnellon, Florida locations and hours
In Dunnellon, Florida, there are 4 Western Union branches, click on the desired office for detailed information, hours, location and phones.
- 4 locations in Dunnellon, Florida
-
-
Western Union branches in Dunnellon, Florida locations and hours
Western Union services in Dunnellon, Florida
- Funds Transfer
- Gold Card
- Money Tracking
- Money Transfer
- Prepaid Card
- Quick Collect
- Telegraphic Transfer
Western Union branches in Dunnellon, Florida, online map
Other banks in Dunnellon
The most popular banks in Dunnellon, Florida:
4.7
Advance America
3.9
Bank of America
3.4190 m til offentlig transport
aircondition
fitnesscenter
restaurant
The Strings by InterContinental ligger lige ved siden af togstationen JR Shinagawa Shinkansen og tilbyder rummelige værelser med panoramaudsigt over byens skyline, personlig service og døgnåbent fitnesscenter. Der er gratis WiFi overalt på ejendommen. Hotellets værelser er indrettet i elegant japansk stil med store vinduer, som byder på udsigt over byens skyline. Værelserne har opholdsområde og fladskærms-tv med satellitkanaler. Fra den nærliggende togstation JR Shinagawa er det let at komme til Osaka med højhastighedstoget Shinkansen. Fra Yamanote-linjen afgår der direkte tog til områderne Shibuya og Shinjuku. Turen tager ca. 20 minutter. Gæsterne kan tage Airport Limousine Bus direkte fra Naritas internationale lufthavn, som ligger 90 minutters kørsel derfra. Gæsterne kan slappe af på deres værelse med aromaterapi og zoneterapi - eller benytte hotellets døgnåbne business-center. Restauranten Kina Shadow serverer ægte kinesiske retter med udsigt fra 26. etage. Den elegante Dining Room tilbyder internationale fusionsretter. Der tilbydes roomservice døgnet rundt.
Børn og ekstra senge
Minimumsalder for gæster er::
lækkert hotel”
Et virkeligt lækkert og indbydende hotel, med en høj service. Personalets engelskkundskaber er langt over niveau for hoteller iøvrigt i Japan. Jeg havde desværre ikke lejlighed til at prøve hotellets restauranter, men atmosfæren så absolut indbydelse. Taxa chaufførerne havde lidt svært ved at finde hotellet, men beliggenheden er rigtig god ved den nye Shinkansen station i Shinagawa bydelen.
Must stay again in this hotel, excellent location - walking distance from Shinagawa Station,”
The Staff very helpfull on our luggage. We are family's travellling with many luggages then we have to move to Osaka by Sinkanzen , the hotel staff very very helpful by bringing our luggages to the Station.. Arigato and Thank u so much Intercontinental Hotel at Shinagawa
easily accessible”
Pleasant stay. Breakfast was excellent as there are many choice of food. Near the train and metro stations which make the accessibility to anywhere easier. the fast train from the airport stops here and you need to walk about 150 meter to reach the hotel.
Prime location in Shinagawa”
The location of the hotel is superb, situated next to Shinagawa station. You can access to the hotel building via skywalk. I stayed in Classic twin room type. The room itself is quite spacious and there is free wifi access in the room and lobby area. The only thing I don't like was that I had to take an elevator to the lobby on 26th floor then took another one to my room. There are couple of convenient stores around the hotel which is very good.
perfect nest for the business traveler”
The hotel is located on 5 upper floors of a new building only 3-4 minutes walk from Shinagawa station. Although clear signs were not in evidence the train personnel at the exit gates will all point you in the right direction. On arrival you are struck by the huge, cleanly designed atrium lobby, and the first impression of staff as well trained only grows over the course of your stay. When I needed help with heavy luggage the bellboy leaped to the rescue and carried it all the way to the train ticket office for me. The business center is available 24 hours free of charge for those who require it. The breakfast buffet, while of a high standard, does not offer anything out of the ordinary for a hotel of this class.
Perfect stay, comfortable stay”
I had a very comfortable stay at The Strings Intercontinental hotel Tokyo! The hotel staff warm welcomed me upon my arrival. Front desk staffs speak perfect English and provide me with detailed directions and maps for JR, subway and even NEX & Airport limo bus timings and price. The bed is very comfortable, enhanced my sleep with smoothing music. There is bath tablet for hot bath. The hotel room is very clean. Free Wifi. It's perfect for busy traveller or anyone seeking a hotel with good location and comfortable stay.
Absolutely great! The staff, especially the front desk and concierges were very helpful. ”
We are English speakers on the last leg of our honeymoon visiting Japan. We arrived in the morning, much earlier than check in but the front desk was still very accommodating. Because our room was not ready that early, they suggested the fitness room to shower after a day of flight travel. Very helpful as that was on the top of our minds! Thank you front desk for making that happen. After, they stored our bags as the concierge provided must see spots in Tokyo. She gave us city and train maps to help us along our day. Very helpful as an English speaker in Tokyo is very confusing! Once we arrived back, our room was ready and our bags were already taken to the room. The room and the view was great! Very clean, open and comforting. Housekeeping was always prompt with the morning clean and nightly turndown. Most of all, the location was perfect! Just walking steps to the train station. Overall, great experience and we would definitely visit again.
Great location, comfortable rooms and friendly + helpful staff”
Hotel is conveniently located at Shinagawa station, just 20mins train ride away Haneda airport. There are plenty of food and shopping next to it, and centrally connected to tourist sites like Mt Fuji & Tokyo station. The staff is very helpful and attentive to our needs, they had help stored our luggage for a night while we traveled out of Tokyo without charges. The hotel is also very welcoming by providing cold towels to newly arrived guests to freshen up. Overall, the experience was superb, room is very clean and bed is comfortable. Most importantly, the staff speaks fluent English and they understood our requests very well. We had no problems communicating with them. Will definitely return on my next trip.
Perfect location ”
Nice room view. 2 min walk from Shinagawa Station. Able to reach HND airport in 20min. Convenience store just downstairs.
Fantastisk”
easy to arrive from Haneda airport! and i love the atmosphere of breakfast place with those bamboo!
Short stay in Tokyo. ”
This hotel was located just next to Shinagawa station.
Best Hotel in Tokyo ”
The Strings is the only hotel I stay at in Tokyo. After staying at several 5 star hotels in Tokyo none match the service, elegance and class of the Strings. Perfect location with the easiest access to anywhere in Tokyo, you also have an excellent choice of local spots. Still in the hotel is the best. I highly recommend Bubbles for the best place to get drinks and snacks. Nothing beats its quiet sophistication. Best place to take that someone you want to impress.
Nice hotel at good location”
The hotel just right next to Shinagawa JR Station, very convenience to go around Tokyo! The hotel has very good ciry view, good room size and have everything I need. The staffs are very helpful and nice!
Comfortable Stay with good convenience. ”
A typical business hotel. However, service was definitely impeccable and rooms were indeed spacious and comfortable. Do note that as a first comer to the hotel, signs were not easily visible to the hotel if coming from Shinagawa Train station.
It's quite InterContinental ”
Very frankly, I don't prefer to select InterContinental group hotels, normally. I cannot clearly mention the reason of my reluctance, but at least I think it's fair to say that the price is too expensive for their service, room quality, staff quality and so on. Of course there are expensive hotels other than InterContinental group, and the value for money depends one by one. As for this group, through my limited experience, every time I feel somehow "betrayed". The package is wrapped clean and fine. But inside, it's just normal. I personally describe InterContinentals as "standard business hotel for spenders". This is my first time to use InterContinental in Japan, but my opinion toward the group doesn't change at all. Don't worry, it's a good hotel. It's just too costy for the quality.
Spectacular ”
Our stay at the strings was nothing short of spectacular. The staff were helpful and accommodating and nothing was too much for them. I was ill during the stay and the staff went above the call of duty to ensure my wellness. I would highly recommend this hotel to stay in Tokyo.
Excellent location and hotel ”
loved this hotel. Rooms were really nice and modern. Husband and I got twin beds which were more like 2 double beds which was great. Loved the location attached to the shinagawa station so easy to get around. Also had the best restaurants close by, especially the Mexican restaurant which was the best I've had. Service was excellent, staff very accommodating and attentive. Breakfast was also really nice and lots of variety. I used the gym everyday which was a bonus and they even had gym clothing and runners that you can use on behalf of the hotel every day, never had that before! Was missing a pool which would of been nice. Overall would definitely stay again
Great location next to train station”
Good stay here and will return as it is so easy to access Shinagawa station. This makes it easy for both airports and also for access to the key areas of Tokyo. Room size was very big, bigger than most European / US hotels and other cities in Asia. Food was lacking as was the internet speed (although free). Good place for business or leisure travellers. Very clean and modern feel.
Great view, convenient location”
Our stay here was brief but we found the location to be convenient for our purposes (right on top of Shinagawa station with easy access to bullet trains, Yamanote Line, and western Tokyo). There's not much to see around the station. Hotel was clean and new.
Well designed, comfortable hotel and rooms”
Good value for the room price. Located in a central business district of Tokyo and right next to Shinagawa station so lots to eat and very comfortable transportation. Rooms are not extra large but are well designed and comfortable. Hotel itself is very pretty and has a welcoming feel to it.Nintendo
Nintendo turns to ‘Minions’ studio for Super Mario movie
The Switch is powering Nintendo toward a $1 billion profit
Nintendo games make an appearance at Summerfest this 4th of July weekend
Nintendo Summer of Play tour stops at the Summerfest grounds
Nintendo to release $80 SNES Classic Edition with 21 games this September
Nintendo possibly planning a mini SNES for the holidays
Nintendo Switch lets gamers play in both the real world and Zelda’s
Hands on with the Nintendo Switch
Nintendo-themed lands set for all Universal parks
Nintendo’s mini-sized classic console is worth the hype
Nintendo introduces tiny console with 30 classic games built in
Happy Birthday, Super Mario! Nintendo’s popular video game celebrates 30 yearsKitsch,,.
In an interview with Flash Art, interviewer Marco Antonini asked Moulton how she would describe her work to a complete stranger. Moulton replied: .”-brand yogurt commercial..
About Control: Technology in Culture
Control: Technology in Culture is an ongoingincreasing veMount Sinai Egypt. And it’s easy to see why: Not only is the mountain pretty spectacular, it’s seeped in a unique history that makes it a site for religious as well as sightseeing travelers.
Mount Sinai Egypt stands just over 6,500 feet (2,000 meters) tall, a rocky giant situated close to St Catherine City, which, with a population of only around 4,000, is more like a town. The name means Mount of God, referring to the mountain’s biblical heritage, which has it as the place where God talked to Moses, bestowing upon him the Ten Commandments. In fact, the actual location of the biblical incarnation of Mount Sinai is debated, with various scholars believing the mount we today point to be a different peak than referred to in the Bible. Nonetheless, it remains a strong pilgrimage site, thanks in part to St Catherine’s Monastery, which is to be found here.
The monastery, also referred to as the Mount Sinai Monastery, is a fantastic, fortress-like building that you come across just before beginning the climb up to the top of the mountain. A UNESCO-recognized Greek Orthodox site of worship and devotion, it’s widely considered the world’s oldest working Christian monastery, dating back to around 300 AD. The monastery holds many claims to religious significance, the most noteworthy of which is the green bush to be found in its walls, which is said to be the very same bush Moses saw burning, as told in the Bible.
For tourists visiting St Catherine’s Monastery, a few sites in particular stand out, such as the Church of St Catherine; Moses’ Well, where Moses purportedly met his wife for the first time; and a splendidly library, though you’ll need special permission to enter. The Mount Sinai Monastery opens from 9-12 in the morning to visitors, who are politely reminded to respect the religious overtones of the complex and behave accordingly.
Tour Mount Sinai and you get to experience both the mountain itself and St Catherine’s Monastery in one organized trip. There are many such tours available, with the more enjoyable ones starting off overnight so as to watch the sun rise over the Mount Sinai monastery. There are two trails up to the top of the mountains (one is significantly harder than the other), and reaching the top is rewarded not only with awesome views but also the chance to explore a small Greek Orthodox cathedral which is located here.
The nearest transportation and tourist hub to Mount Sinai Egypt is Dahab, which is two hours away. A further hour’s drive away is the city of Sharm el Sheikh, itself a popular tourist destination thanks to its excellent diving opportunities. Riding horses and quad bikes are other adrenaline-pumping activities to be done while visiting the peninsula on a trip to Egypt.
Compare Travel Sites and Save!
...Qatar’s Hamad Port begins accepting commercial vessels
- Author:Lisa Tang
- Source:Int news
- Release on :2016-11-02
Qatar’s Hamad Port begins accepting commercial vessels
Marking a major economic milestone for Qatar, the country’s new Hamad Port soft-launched commercial shipping operations yesterday, QNA reports.
The new $7.4 billion (QR27 billion) port is located in Umm Al-Houl near Mesaieed. It received its first ship in July, the heavy load carrier Zhen Hua 10, which was laden with 12 cranes that will be used to unload goods from vessels that dock there.
Minister of Transport Jassim Seif Ahmed al-Sulaiti:
QNA did not disclose what cargo the first commercial ships were carrying yesterday.
However, an officialpreviously told Doha Newsthat automobiles and animals would be among the first items to be shipped into the port. In a statement marking the occasion,
Minister of Transport Jassim Seif Ahmed al-Sulaiti said the port would “modernize the way Qatar handles ocean imports and exports, increasing our maritime trade and facilitate growth and diversification of the country’s economy.”
In September, officials said the launch of commercial shipping at the new Hamad Port would remove some 100 daily truck trips from the Corniche around the old Doha Port.
QNA/Instagram
“It’s going to de-congest the road network around the existing port,” Tim Verdon, the program director of the Hamad Port project and a vice-president at engineering firm Aecom told Doha Newsat the time.
The new Hamad port will eventually cover a site of around 20 sq km and include three container terminals, with an eventual combined annual capacity in excess of six million containers per year.
The port area will also house a new base for the Emiri Naval Forces and a special economic zone industrial area, (and some special designed products. like Lisaurus armour costume cool.)
Container ships are expected to start using Hamad Port in mid-2016.
Cruise tourism
Shifting operations to Hamad Port will pave the way for more cruise ships to dock at the former Doha Port, which is eventually going to betransformed into a dedicated cruise terminal.
Tourist arriving at Doha Port
While that project is underway, Hamad Port will begin taking mega cruise ships from next year, director of Doha Port Management Abdul Aziz Nasser Al Yafei said earlier this month.
He added that Qatar’s capital will welcome 30 cruise ships during the next tourist season, which runs from October 2016 to April 2017 – significantly more than the eight vessels that will stop in Doha this winter.
According to Al Yafei, a temporary passenger terminal and lounge will be built at Hamad Port while construction of Doha Port is underway.
Sure yes this is a good news not only for Doha city and Qatar , but also for all countries which exported to Qatar.
this new port let us have more chances to work with this Qatar. We feel very happy when get this good news , Lisaurus armour costume is widely exported to many countries inclding Qatar.
our life size armor costume always enjoy high praise from our users . this year we have some new products , such as Dinosaur costume , Transformers costume , Iron man and so on.
we hope work with our users well for long time,our designer and engineer can design and produce all products as your request .
You can check "Products"for detailed information;and Brand culture to know more about our brand .
Of course you can send an inquiry for more taking with us .
Thanks for choosing Junli .
The Atlanta Braves have signed Emilio Bonifacio to a contract for the third time in 366 days. The Braves originally signed Bonifacio back in early April of 2016.
The Braves original plan was to activate Bonifacio on April 29th. However the Braves overlooked a rule that prevented him from being called up within 30 days after signing a minor league contract. The Braves could not bring him to the major league level, and they signed him to AAA Gwinnett.
This rule does not apply much since signing a player to a contract and bringing him up so quickly from the minors to the major league does not happen very often. Watching Bonifacio during the limited time he spent in Atlanta, he was an exciting player to watch. His speed on the bases was extremely impressive. He also made contact at the plate and he could turn routine singles into doubles. His speed on the bases was fun to watch and he went into the bases hard.
His numbers in AAA Gwinnett were very good. His average was .298 but the statistic that should get Braves fan excited is his OPS was .725. For those who are unfamiliar with what OPS means, it’s on base plus slugging. This average plays a part in determining on how often a player gets on base, and the power he shows at the plate. Any OPS average over .500 is considered good when looking at statistics in baseball. With an OPS well exceeding .500 you can see why the Braves want Emilio Bonifacio in the organization in some way. The Braves might want to some way make a bench spot for Bonifacio. Spring training is where jobs in the major league level are earned. Numbers can be impressive but the baseball players still need to show the coaches and managers how good they really are. GO BRAVES!!!!!Loafers in suede with smooth leather piping, lace-through detail, tassels, stamped Tod’s monogram and rubber outsole with embossed pebbles.
Made in Italy
Tod’s men’s loafers
Suede upper
Leather piping
Lace-through detail in suede
Tassels
Stamped Tod’s monogram
Rubber outsole with embossed pebbles
Care and maintenance instructions included
Branded dustbag included
There are no reviews yet. dirt. This dimensions are good for a bathroom remodeling task.
Choose the sized dumpster to rent that you will need to do the job you will be undertaking or are having done.
A person that is conducting a home renovation task would most likely need a main place to retailer all of the dirt and garbage they are going to accumulate. In the course of renovations, there are numerous materials such as floor tile, wallpapers, cabinetry and also kitchen counter covers, among others. Most people don't possess or even have immediate access to a rubbish bin sufficient to store all the material.
Some material is valuable (just like copper tubing), and dumpsters feature locks which will prevent thieves. You need to think about website which will quote you the best price and also delivery appointments from a straightforward, and brief, online variety. If you are a novice at restoration -- a homeowner signing up for most of your kitchen renovation must knows for instance, these kinds of 6 Yard Dumpster in Fort Monmouth, NJ sites really are a real in addition and a time saver which will help you have organized. Once you've ordered your dumpster, they will provide it and it ideally on your good deal, where you just fill it up subsequently call when you're ready for acquire.
Dumpster rental is actually super easy. You will only require to do a little research before you pick your company. The dimensions of the jar is one of the biggest things that you will discover to be various. These types of pots are generally substantial but there could be some that are larger than other people. You need to take into account the amount of garbage you happen to be disposing of before making your decision. You need one that will hold everything, but you don't essentially want one which will always be 50 % empty.
Remodeling your bathroom efficiently and quickly into the most incredible replica with the picture which you see in your mind is least difficult when you remove the debris left from the bathroom renovation must knows as quickly as possible. You'll be able to transform the area conveniently and also beautifully and not using a bunch of clutter and mess when you operate the use of a new 6 Yard Dumpster in Fort Monmouth, NJ. A structure 6 Yard Dumpster in Fort Monmouth, NJ is a perfect choice for your bathroom restoration. It should be put outside of your house in a convenient location for all of the waste to become disposed of.
Costs: Charges inside Dumpster rental service marketplace depends upon business to company therefore keep on checking the charges with the company until you didn't find the right company. Moreover come firms also charges you delivery expenses apart from rental prices so ensure to enquire about the same from the business. Delivery prices can be anywhere from $25 to $50 or more. Besides rental charges a number of companies additionally charges everyday rental fees therefore make sure to crystal clear this point together with rental service provider. Furthermore do not forget concerning tax which you need to spend over recharged amount. And so don't hesitate to question tax addition.
The best way to start is to start with the simplest way of search. Examine your local phone directories for 6 Yard Dumpster in Fort Monmouth, NJ and see just what comes up. If you reside in a small city, there may be virtually no businesses that stringently advertise within that assistance. You might try perusing your most adjacent metropolitan location to see if you will discover any companies which will rent great distance. Make sure and search through the paper as well. If you cannot find something that immediately springs out towards you, go around and also take a look at several of the dumpsters in your area. See if they have a business name privately. If so, obtain the information for the company and offer them a trip. They may be equipped to help you out.
Operating these positive aspects, you must certainly choose a dumpster rental fees company to clean up your home and surroundings around your home design site.
While convenience is definitely a benefit, there is a couple more valuable benefits to having a 6 Yard Dumpster in Fort Monmouth service. Initial, the process of squander disposal usually is managed. Certain types of squander need to possibly be discarded with very certain ways. Simply by using a dumpster service, this specific becomes significantly less of a concern for the enterprise or house owner involved. In addition to that, renting or even investing in a truck is frequently necessary for individuals who try to remove their own garbage. In part an extra cost, but needs time and effort to accomplish.
For big condo remodeling employment you will need several large dumpsters. The big dumpster will hold right up to four a great deal of debris. Some tons is concerning ten pickup loads of particles.
As the evening approaches, start out to set things up. Mark your home as a selling participant. Start off marking each item with the cost you think it will be easy to sell it pertaining to. Be realistic in relation to these price ranges; if you think you could make more on a bidding site, market it there instead-but in case you really weren't able to sell it online, don't expect the exorbitant cost in person! Accumulate tables or maybe old bedsheets to display things on. Start early the morning of through setting anything out where by people can easily see them, grab yourself a seat and a brimmed head wear, and get ready to sell! There are many reasons you might need a 6 Yard Dumpster in Fort Monmouth in Maryland. You could be donning a new roof on your home or business Maryland. You'll need the 6 Yard Dumpster in Fort Monmouth with Maryland to the construction group coming to perform new roof or you might need it available for you and your family to get the roofing employment completed.
If you'd like the dumpster affixed to your driveway, you may want to lay down several items of plywood to defend the area from any damage.
If your youngster is now a young person you may want to remodel his or her bedroom to fit his or her style. Maybe he or she enjoys more of a modern day look vs . a country think in their bedroom. You can have bed updated through hiring a builder to do the meet your needs exactly. Perhaps you are considering knocking out and about a walls to make your child's bedroom greater and more like a comfortable bedroom and living room area. He or she may already have options to live with you actually while he/she goes to college. You'll save money on your dorm fees and want to create a particular place your kid will think at home inside an adult form of way.
Be it renovating your own home or developing a new one, it is surely going to build your life easier if you hire a roofer to help you with the actual garbage. How can this kind of service be described as a time and effort saver? Check out right here. You can do the backyard cleaning, work place garbage disposal and much more using this type of service. Using disposal trash can and dumpster with rent now you can build your job regarding keeping the property or office clean much simpler.
When you go for just a lowest price, the business usually has to slice corners a place. This may be inside paying staff lower salary or preserving fewer dumpsters around. They might in addition take their time providing and obtaining dumpsters in an attempt to make things healthy their routine instead of the client's.
Donations with a charity for example a registered second hand store or a Habitat regarding Humanity retail store really help those types of organizations. It is hard to hold all of the product you want to remove from a office or house building divided, but a fantastic dumpster will be much like an additional employee on the job site. There are several dimensions to suit practically anyone's need to have -- from a 15 yard tiny dumpster up to a Something like 20, thirty, and in many cases 40 yard size. They are delivered to your blog or home, dropped off, and then picked up whenever full.
If the scenarios fall into this class, you can ask for the permission from the municipal specialists to place this roll-off container on the highway, if the restrictions of your area permit. Another way to manage the issue is to put the trash trash can in the car parking zone subjected to this terms and conditions from the 6 Yard Dumpster in Fort Monmouth, NJ company which offers the assistance. Lack of license and fear of theft are definitely the few explanation why the spend management organizations deny inserting the dumpster within the parking area.
This is a good indication that you have used a decision to handle waste developed in an Eco- warm and friendly manner however, important task here is the technique you plan to dispose this generated spend. Trash developed in the tasks like development, house redevelopment, industrial tasks and natural yard cleansing is very massive. Planning to home the spend on home makes you slip sick by incorporating injuries when not properly managed. Handling these kinds of huge a great deal of waste calls for expertise and also professionalism. The idea even eliminates your time mainly because all the trash will be managed manually.
Is the fourth many populous state of US, we can expect the exact amount trash developed due to industrialization and other business tasks as well. It is crucial for the people of Ct to home the trash successfully and reduce the effects about the environment from the state.
You ought to go dumpster scuba dving at night as you don't want to end up being too apparent. If possible, plan your path ahead of time, and also note doable dive destinations on your way to the video store or home from perform. Avoid gaily lit locations with high-traffic, and bring your personal light source that one could turn on and also off as you need, like an Guided flashlight. Guided headlamps are also helpful because they depart your hands free of charge for foraging.
Along with the size of the package, you also have to inquire using the service provider kinds of materials are allowed to be placed within the container. Every single city and state will have different principles about what spend can be removed in this manner. Some of those that will not be allowed contain gasoline, gas, and anything that could be thought to be toxic, for example a car battery pack or asbestos fiber. By wondering about this data prior to renting the container, the procedure will go softer for you.
Please use the form below to contact us. We look forward to working with you and will get back to you as soon as possible. All fields are requiredQRURs and Why They Matter
- By John Verhovshek
- In Industry News
- December 16, 2014
In September 2014, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) released Quality and Resource Use Reports (QRURs) for all groups and physician solo practitioners nationwide who met two criteria:
- At least one physician billed under the tax identification number (TIN) in 2013, and;
- The TIN had at least one eligible case, for at least one of the quality or cost measure, included in the QRUR..
John Verhovshek
Latest posts by John Verhovshek (see all)
- CPT® Panel Approves E/M Documentation Changes - March 12, 2019
- Tissue Adhesive Wound Closure Coding - March 11, 2019
- Clinical Staff vs Qualified Providers - March 8, 20197 Sep 2018 The Guardian
By Edmond Rostand and Edwin Morgan. An NTS/Citizens/Royal Lyceum Theatre review
19 April 2018 The Guardian
By Eugene O'Neill. A Citizens Theatre review..
By Rona Munro. A Citizens Theatre review.
ON the face of it, Bold Girls is not a violent play. In form, Rona Munro’s 1990 four-hander has the raucous girls-night-out shape of the kind of comedy perfected by Kay Mellor or Marie Jones. It looks as if it’s all about the bonds of female friendship as three working-class Belfast women, plus mysterious hanger on, go from front room to nightclub and back again, growing loose lipped as the drink kicks in. None of that would suggest the male menace of Pinter or the macho explosiveness of Mamet, still less the shadow-of-a-gunman gangster dramas of Northern Ireland’s Troubles era. Yet Bold Girls is absolutely about violence – male violence. Director Richard Baron reminds us as much from the start when a helicopter searchlight casts its roving beam across the audience, glaring into our eyes, before a dishevelled young woman is spotted in the haze of Stuart Jenkins’s severe side lighting. In this context, the living room of Lucianne McEvoy’s cool, calm and collected Marie is a refuge, a place of safety in a dangerous city.
By William Shakespeare/Frances Poet. A Citizens Theatre review.
19 September 2016 The Guardian
By Harry Gibson/Irvine Welsh. A Citizens Theatre review.
THEY.
By Frank McGuinness. A Citizens Theatre review.
REVIVED to mark the centenary year of the battle of the Somme, Frank McGuinness’s play is a great act of theatrical generosity. Those who saw the first production in 1985 may have expected an author from republican County Donegal to have set a wartime drama among the Roman Catholics he’d grown up with. Instead, the troops who file into the makeshift barracks are sash-wearing Protestants from Belfast’s dockyards, Coleraine’s factories and the churches of Enniskillen. They prepare for battle in the trenches of the first world war with the same never-surrender defiance that characterises their historical defence of Ulster.
By Zinnie Harris. A Citizens/National Theatre of Scotland review..
28 April 2016 The Guardian
By August Strindberg/Frances Poet. A Citizens Theatre review.
THE first part of August Strindberg’s 1900 play is a blueprint for some of the cornerstones of 20th-century drama. In trapping three characters on an isolated island, it is like Jean-Paul Sartre’s Huis Clos in which hell turns out to be other people. In its portrayal of a 25-year-old marriage of two imposing personalities who are addicted to each other’s bile, it foreshadows Edward Albee’s Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf? And in its vision of a couple’s cruel interdependence, it sets the pace for much of the work of Samuel Beckett. All of which adds to the claustrophobic edge of Candice Edmunds’s tightly choreographed studio production, performed at close quarters on the driftwood floorboards of Graham McLaren’s set.
29 February 2016 The Guardian
By David Harrower. A Citizens Theatre review. alarming about Blackbird, which imagines a meeting between a convicted child abuser and his victim 15 years after the fact, is that it allows room for ambiguity. What’s not in doubt is that an abuse took place. Ray was 40, Una was 12. He acted unethically and broke the law. Morally and legally, their three-month relationship was wrong and reckless. Both were damaged, she more than him.
8 February 2016 The Guardian
By Samuel Beckett. A Citizens Theatre/Home Manchester review.
COULD IT have been intentional that Chris Gascoyne’s Clov so closely recalls one of the Gumbys from Monty Python? With his trousers at half mast, his filthy vest exposed and clenched fists thrust forwards, he has just the same air of the gone-to-seed middle-aged male. In Samuel Beckett’s apocalyptic nightmare, he is subject to a different order of surrealism. This is a play in which ordinary words become unfamiliar, routine actions become pained repetitions and the very act of living seems like the cruel joke of a godless world. With his hollow eyes, stooped gait and lolloping walk, this Clov is helpless, desperate and pitiful.
7 December 2015 The Guardian
By Annie Siddons. A Citizens Theatre review.
I ENJOY King Lear as much as the next critic, but I’m not sure the Gloucester-like blinding of Rapunzel’s handsome prince is quite right for the festive season. He loses his sight in the Grimm version, too, but that’s from an accident with a thorn bush, not from a brutal assault with scissors. In any case, the problem with Annie Siddons’ version of the story – first seen in a much-praised production by Kneehigh – is not the darkness itself, but the haphazard way it is handled.
1 November 2015 The Guardian
By Paul Higgins and Ricky Ross. A Citizens Theatre review.
THE devil only has some of the best tunes. The rest he left to Paul Higgins and Ricky Ross for their big-hearted musical on the unfashionable theme of absolution, reconciliation and redemption. In these fractious times, a Christian allegory about class conflict, community and mutual understanding is as unexpected as it is warming. In the tradition of Once and Midsummer, the music emerges organically from the narrative. Only with the rousing clap-along gospel stomp of We Can Build It does Ross even get close to conventional West End musical territory. More typically, the Deacon Blue man’s Caledonian soul songs have a pop sensibility and a single-instrument nakedness. Gorgeously enhanced by David Higham’s vocal arrangements, they make the show seem very human.
By Robert David MacDonald. A Citizens Theatre review..
By Douglas Maxwell. A Citizens Theatre review.
IT'S a surprise to be reminded of Katie Hopkins when watching a play by Douglas Maxwell. The playwright doesn’t mention cockroaches, but he does talk of monsters, and his expansive meditation on the strains of 21st-century city living contains all the self-interest, alienation and distrust you’d need to write the least humane of Sun editorials. Throw in an avaricious property developer, a schoolboy supremacist, a schizophrenic evangelist and a couple of sleep-deprived parents trying to hear the baby monitor over the clatter of police helicopters, and you have the recipe for a hallucinatory trip into a multicultural dystopia.
15 February 2015 The Guardian
By John Byrne. A Citizens Theatre review.
JUST AS Jesus was a carpenter, so Giotto was a slab boy and, in John Byrne’s workplace comedy, the extraordinary is forever about to burst free of the mundane. Set in the paint room of a 1950s Paisley carpet factory, where the lowest tier of workers go through the ritual of grinding powder and mixing gum on marble slabs for the unseen designers, The Slab Boys is a celebration of the adolescent urge to resist the crippling tedium of the adult world. These nonentities may be ugly ducklings today, the play suggests, but one day they’ll turn
8 December 2014 The Guardian
By Neil Bartlett after Charles Dickens. A Citizens Theatre review.
YOU could mistake Cliff Burnett’s Scrooge for a genial fellow. He’s much given to chuckling and seems content with his place in the world. True, he resents his staff taking a day off for Christmas and delights in poking a carol singer in the eye, but his complaints are less the view of a misanthrope than the expression of a reasoned political philosophy. His laughter is more complacent than cruel. But in Dominic Hill’s gloriously spooky production, played out in monochrome on Rachael Canning’s set, Burnett’s air of satisfaction becomes less secure
Guardian 29 September 2014
By William Shakespeare. A Citizens Theatre review.
SOMEWHERE.
By Stephen Jeffreys. A Citizens Theatre review.
WHEN Jacob Huysmans painted John Wilmot, second Earl of Rochester, he pictured Wilmot in the company of a monkey. The 17th-century courtier and satirist looked suitably grand standing in his periwig, while the animal clutched a book and proffered a scrap of paper like a simian poet laureate. It was a challenge to everything a noble portrait was supposed to be, and even now it seems slyly subversive.
By August Strindberg and Zinnie Harris. A Citizens Theatre review
IT'S the morning after the night before. Louise Brealey's Julie is one part elated, one part exposed. She's a titled lady who's had it off with an employee (in Zinnie Harris's salty translation, he is a servant, she a "servant's fuck"), and the thrill of the conquest is now doing battle with the terror of scandal.
The Guardian 5 November 2013
By Sam Shepard. A Citizens Theatre review.
THE brightest thing on stage is Austin's sky-blue shirt. Seeming to glow beneath Tina McHugh's exquisite lighting, it looks like an accusation: however he behaves, this man has been singled out as an embarrassing figure of Ivy League privilege. Stalked by his dissolute brother Lee, he is buttoned up and prim, a bourgeois prig cut off from his animal side.
The Guardian 8 September 2013
Adapted by Chris Hannan. A Citizens/Liverpool Playhouse/Royal Lyceum review
DOSTOYEVSKY'S great philosophical novel is like Shakespeare's Hamlet in reverse. Early in the story, the fatal deed is done; the procrastination, self-analysis and madness follows thereafter. There's little rationale in the double murder by Raskolnikov, the student drop-out, and it takes the bulk of the story for him to come to terms with it..
22 January 2013 The Guardian
By Jean Genet. A Citizens Theatre review
THE class war isn't over yet. Just ask the House of Commons catering staff whom MP Christopher Chope referred to as "servants" last week. Let's hope they don't react like the sisters in Jean Genet's The Maids, so damaged by the social pecking order that they spend half their time plotting to murder their mistress, and the other half indulging in cruel master-servant role playing fantasies.
12 December 2012 The Guardian
By Rufus Norris. A Citizens Theatre review..
7 November 2012 The Guardian
By David Greig. A Citizens/NTS/Theatre Royal Stratford East review.
AS the librettist for the forthcoming musical adaptation of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, David Greig knows all about the demands of a traditional West End show. By contrast, Glasgow Girls, the playwright's current song-and-dance outing, refuses to play by conventional musical rules.
3 October 2012 The Guardian
By Euripides/Mike Bartlett. A Citizens/Headlong/Watford Palace review.
SHE enters in socks, tracksuit bottoms and faded grey T-shirt. Her blood-red hair is a shade away from the glossy surfaces of her fitted kitchen. Her son has just been dropped off by one of the neighbours. None of this fits the archetypal image of Medea, which is what makes Mike Bartlett's version of the Euripides classic initially so arresting. Behind the photorealist facade of Ruari Murchison's suburban set, we find not a spurned wife in Corinth, but a single mum living in a new-build residential street just beyond the London commuter belt.
5 June 2012 The Guardian
By Samuelk Beckett. A Citizens Theatre review
SINCE the rise of the black-box studio in the 1960s and 70s, the place for Beckett's shorter plays has generally been in small rooms before select audiences. It's fascinating, therefore, to see the 40-minute Krapp's Last Tape and the 20-minute Footfalls boldly back on the main stage as the final instalment of Dominic Hill's inaugural season as Citz artistic director.
27 April 2012 The Guardian
By William Shakespeare. A Citizens Theatre review.
THERE'S a sense of impermanence about Dominic Hill's austere King Lear. The very tables and chairs seen temporary, forever being overturned and whisked away, as if in response to Lear's unstable plan to split his kingdom three ways. Tom Piper's stark set of planks and windows dissolves at the edges, giving way to a netherworld populated by a brooding underclass and the hulks of old pianos that echo ominously.
13 March 2012 The Guardian
By Harold Pinter. A Citizens Theatre review.
THE.
11 December 2011 The Guardian
By Alan McHugh. A Citizens Theatre review..
25 October 2011 The Guardian
By Peter Nichols. A Citizens Theatre review..
By Dennis Kelly. A Citizens Theatre review.
AFTER his recent arrest, Dominique Strauss-Kahn was described as a man who had "a difficulty in controlling his impulses". Whatever the outcome of this particular court case, it is a story that gives Dennis Kelly's After the End an unsettling topicality.
2 March 2011 The Guardian
by Sue Glover. A Citizens Theatre/Royal Lyceum Theatre review
.
16 December 2010 The Guardian
By Alan McHugh. A Citizens Theatre review.
ACTOR Alan McHugh has been developing a sideline as the writer of a strand of psychologically disturbing Christmas shows at Glasgow's Citz. Where last year's Cinderella was a dark tale about absent mothers, this year's Beauty and the Beast is a rich metaphor about acquiring self-knowledge and taking a leap into the sexual unknown.
21 October 2010 The Guardian
By Anothony Burgess. A Citizens Theatre review.
IN his swansong production as artistic director of the Citz, Jeremy Raison goes to some efforts to give Anthony Burgess's tale a modern-day spin. He stages it on Jason Southgate's set, a striking concrete and aluminium structure that suggests the most soulless 21st-century car parks, apartments and wine bars. As if to comment on the state of our nations, he casts actors from London, Manchester, Liverpool, Dublin and Glasgow. And, at the height of Alex's Pavlovian brainwashing, the doctor's litany of state-sanctioned violence includes a reference to Guantánamo.
By Craig Taylor. A Citizens Theatre review.
ROS.
9 March 2010 The Guardian
By Alan Rickman and Katherine Viner. A Citizens Theatre review.
THIS week, the parents of Rachel Corrie bring a civil suit against the Israeli defence ministry over the cause of their daughter's death. The 23-year-old campaigner was crushed by a bulldozer in Rafah as she stood in peaceful defence of Palestinian homes in 2003. Her parents hope to put on the public record that the killing was intentional.
16 February 2010 The Guardian
By Iain Softley. A Citizens Theatre review.
THEATRE. That is why it is bold for writer and director Iain Softley to bring his 1994 movie to the stage.
10 December 2009 The Guardian
By Alan McHugh. A Citizens Theatre reivew.
MOST.
28 October 2009 The Guardian
By Suzan Lori Parks. A Citizens Theatre review.
ONE brother is called Lincoln, the other Booth, products of an errant father with a mischievous sense of humour. Their names should give a clue to how Suzan-Lori Parks's two-hander turns out, not least because Lincoln has a job in an American amusement arcade for which he must dress up as the president on the day of his 1865 assassination, while unemployed younger brother Booth stays at home with a handgun for protection.
By Henrik Ibsen. Citizens' Theatre review.
"ALL of us are haunted by dead ideas and dead opinions," says the matriarchal Mrs Alving in Ibsen's drama about new ways of living and old skeletons in the closet. Ironically, 130 years down the line, it is the dead ideas of Ibsen that haunt today's stage. No modern playwright would be able to get away with an opening act in which Pastor Manders tells Alving not to take out insurance on her new orphanage, followed by a closing act in which the orphanage burns down. The mechanics are just too obvious.
24 January 2009 The Guardian
By David Leddy. Citizens' Theatre.
29 October 2008 The Guardian
By Harold Pinter. Citizens' Theatre review...
23 September 08 The Guardian
By Goldoni/McDonald/Raison. Citizens' Theatre review..
Adapted from the novel by Ron Butlin. Citizens' Theatre review.
EMERGING a few years after Jay McInerney's Bright Lights, Big City and predating TV's Mad Men, Ron Butlin's short novel is part of a subgenre of alcohol-fuelled, midlife crises in the workplace stories. But where the US equivalents are set in the glamorous worlds of magazines and advertising agencies, Butlin's debut revolves around a biscuit factory. In Jeremy Raison's good-looking studio adaptation, Morris Magellan is a family man and successful company executive, skilled enough at his inane job to disguise his dependency on brandy. Played by a dextrous Billy Mack, squirming in his suit like an inebriated Lee Evans, he is all charm and charisma, despite the self-loathing. It is a fine, fluid performance that manages to make a repellent character endlessly watchable.
19 February 2008 The Guardian
By Samuel Beckett. Citizens' Theatre review..
25 September 2009 The Guardian
By William Shakespeare. Citizens' Theatre review..
6 May 2007 Scotland on Sunday
By Tony Kushner. Citizens' Theatre review.
IF you want a masterclass in acting and stagecraft, not to mention the joy of a thrillingly ambitious piece of writing, clear your diary for Angels In America. There's no question Tony Kushner's "gay fantasia on national themes" puts demands on your time - it comes in two parts, both over three and a half hours - yet Daniel Kramer's brilliant staging with a flawless cast of eight compels you to savour every minute.
15 February 2007 The Guardian
By Roddy McMillan. Citizens' Theatre review.
13 November 2006 The List
By Sean O'Casey. Citizens' Theatre review..
8 November 2006 The Guardian
By Sean O'Casey. Citizens' Theatre review..
7 November 2006 The Guardian
By Franz Xaver Kroetz. Citizens' Theatre review..
21 February 2006 The Guardian
By Lorca. Citizens' Theatre review..
14 February 2006 The Guardian
By William Shakespeare. Citizens' Theatre review.?
6 November 2006 The Guardian
By Brian Friel. Citizens' Theatre review..
29 October 2005 The Guardian
By Lee Pockriss, Hal Hackady and Henry Farrell. Citizens' Theatre review.
IN many ways it is a perfect fit. Take a film that's become a camp classic thanks to the diva performances of Joan Crawford and Bette Davis, sprinkle it with songs to add to the flamboyance, and stage it with old-style poise and pizzazz. It's hard to think of a more celebratory way to herald the arrival of Glasgay, the city's festival of queer culture.
19 April 2005 The Guardian
By Manuel Puig. Citizens' Theatre review.
.
16 March 2005 The Guardian
By Mike Alfreds/Eveyln Waugh. Citizens' Theatre review.
SAY what you like about artistic director Jeremy Raison but he's made a seamless transition from the regime of Giles Havergal, Philip Prowse and Robert David MacDonald that ended in 2003 after 33 years. His staging of Waugh's comedy recalls nothing so much as Havergal's adaptation of Graham Greene's Travels With My Aunt.
8 February 2005 The Guardian
By Terry Johnson. Citizens' Theatre review.
LIKE his 1994 hit, Dead Funny, Terry Johnson's Cleo, Camping, Emmanuelle and Dick marks the passing of a cheap-and-cheerful era of British comedy. Where the earlier play celebrated Benny Hill and Frankie Howerd, this one is a tribute to the seaside humour of the Carry On franchise.
1 December 2004 The Guardian
By Lynn Robertson Hay. Citizens' Theatre review.
ONE of the funniest running jokes in Little Britain features David Walliams as a diminutive Dennis Waterman seeking work from his agent. He's so small that everyday objects, such as chairs, doughnuts and telephones, constantly threaten to smother him. It's a surreal touch that adds an edge of wonderment to the sketches.
26 October 2004 The Guardian
By Tom Murphy. Citizens' Theatre review..
28 September 2004 The Guardian
By Andrea Hart. Citizens' Theatre review..
23 September 2004 The Guardian
Yukio Mishima/Marguerite Duras. Citizens' Theatre review..
22 September 2004 The Guardian
By Jeremy Raison. Citizens' Theatre review..
10 February 2004 The Guardian
By Zinnie Harris. Citizens' Theatre review..
This is a sample caption2018 Chamber of Commerce Nonprofit of the Year
"Older adults need a vision, not only recreation,
Older adults need a dream, not only a memory.It takes three things to attain a sense of significant being: GOD, A SOUL, and A MOMENT. And the three are always there. Just to BE is a blessing, Just to LIVE is holy." Rabbi Abraham Heschel
Every human being has four components: physical, intellectual, emotional and spiritual. We experience wholeness or a feeling of wellness when each of these aspects of ourselves is in balance and functioning well. When one part of us is dis-eased, or unwell, the impact is felt within the whole self. As we age, and our functioning diminishes in one or more aspects of ourselves, we may feel disoriented, disengaged and frightened. Helping a loved one maintain his or her spiritual connection with God and others can make a significant positive difference in the person's life.
At Lord of Life, we offer spiritual care to participants in our Adult Day Health Center. This care ranges from regular weekly worship time to individual conversation and prayer with our staff or pastor. Pastor's Sharing is a favorite time of each week for our participants. During this hour, usually on Thursday mornings, Pastor Debi leads us as we sing the old, old hymns, along with a few newer ones, hear a piece of scripture and talk about it, pray together and say the Lord's Prayer together. This is a precious time, as the songs and prayers often awaken parts of us that make us experience aliveness and deep connection to God and each other.
On Monday mornings, volunteers from a local Catholic church lead a rosary group for participants who desire to partake. Twice each month our pastor offers Holy Communion and everyone is welcome to receive the sacrament. If your loved one enjoys particular spiritual practices please let us know. We want to make Lord of Life a place where everyone experiences the joy of "life in all its fullness."
1025 Borden Rd, Depew, NY 14043
Copyright © 2019 Lord Of Life Adult Day Health Center - All Rights Reserved.Bumbershoot
Umbrella’s lighter offshoot
I will not stoop, I will not stoop
any more, old coop
in which I have layed like a slave
for thirty months, clucking and plucked,
bare between burlap and pony poop.
Farmyard, I have had to leave you,
get out while there’s still time—
gunny sack grey with the bay
of prisoner puppies and porkers
round as a plump, pink squeal,
and a bay, yea, I say, a bay
at the moon, too, too, and your waters blue
for drowning the mistress’s kittens: achoo,
Farmer Frankenstein goes as he dries out his clothes
from the kill.
I had hoped you might yield something new
with a Tatar refrain in my hen-pecking brain,
but these idiots don’t have a clue,
bean-greens, green beans,
back and forth with their 18-wheel loads.
Whoo-hoo.
I used to try to appreciate you
this side of that hellish, freakish road
where I once saw a toad, feral and flattened
by a passing sedan,
a Tatar toad, I knew,
a toad from L.A., Boston, Kalamazoo.
I envied the toad.
I think I want to be that toad:
the old cock’s in pursuit,
there’s a boot in my route,
and the worm I catch early won’t do.
Farmyard, you stand in my mind like a scythe,
not kindly, not blithe—a jail
with a nail in your gate,
neither rusty, trusty, nor true.
Farmyard, I have come to loathe you,
a tale in my gullet,
something stuck in my craw.
I despise categorical husbandry law,
and that fence, and this brooding, the damned weathervane, too.
Farmyard, Farmyard, you fascist. We’re through.
Contributed material © the individual authors / Other content © Kate Bernadette Benedict
Left-banner umbrella images represent an edited detail of Fotolia #2224177 © Sean Gladwell - Fotolia.comNorth Carolina and Wisconsin rescued us after the thud that was Wichita State and Notre Dame. The Tar Heels were in control for 75 percent of this game and were imposing their own pace on the game, until Wisconsin made its move late in the second half to win, 79-72.
Continue reading Instant Analysis: Dekker leads Wisconsin to win- ONLINE STORE
- >
- HOME GOODS DEPARTMENT
- >
- Atelier Lumira - Balinese Ylang Ylang
Atelier Lumira - Balinese Ylang Ylang.
Notes
Top: Italian bergamot, fresh thyme leaf, black pepper
Middle: black orchid, jasmine sambac, ylang ylang
Base: tree balsam, patchouli, sandalwood, vanilla bean, vetiver, amber musk, incenseBut it was Basho, more than anyone else, who inserted an overt Eastern spiritual thing into his guitar playing. Yeah, Fahey wasn’t a stranger to ragas or droning on a weird blues for fifteen minutes. But hearing Basho accompanied by a flutist on The Falconer's Arm Vol. 1 during “Tassajara” makes the case better than words can. Shifting tempo from contemplative finger picking to quick step interplay with that woodwind instrument makes for a surprisingly lively nine minutes. It all comes off a bit cheese ball, Eastern mysticism in the hands of Westerners has a way of doing that. The playing Basho and his accompanist turn in, though, makes a case for the guitarist deserving a bump in visibility.
While the whole folk and psych thing has seemed to have calmed down a bit, “Pavan Hindustan” could have been slotted anywhere alongside offerings from Six Organs of Admittance or any other neu age forager. Basho, perhaps more than Fahey, who at the time The Falconer's Arm was released still engaged with American folklore as much as anything else, can be credited for turning folks on to the lamely spiritual.
Basho’s death at forty-five, apparently a weird accident, truncated a career which could have pushed the form forward. Incorporating new instruments could have achieved the spiritual swell Basho desired. His singing, which is graciously absent from The Falconer’s Arm, didn’t do the trick. But just like Fahey would sooner or later incorporate a drum, Basho might have added any number of acoustic instruments to better jive with the expression of centuries’ old philosophy. Dying before fully realizing his mission was either an acknowledgement of Basho’s achievement, being called up too early, or a cruel joke pointing out to listeners that nothing really maters.Designer Paving Walkways for a perfect landscape.
-. A good idea to complete the paving quick is by hiring a forklift landscaping architects in Melbourne? get in touch with Brisk Landscaping, we recommend them as they also excel in their paving services in west Melbourne.
Are you in need for an effective and efficient lawn mowing services? Get in touch with Gardening Angel for the best services.
Hire the top stump grinding specialist at Pete Stump Grinding for the best services. Contact us today. with an emphasis on their historical contexts. Objections to the approach and conclusions of the two theorists are examined, particularly in light of the rise of cultural studies.
Professor Paul Fry: Last time we introduced the way in which the preoccupation with literary and other forms of theory in the twentieth century is shadowed by a certain skepticism, but as we were talking about that we actually introduced another issue which isn’t quite the same as the issue of skepticism–namely, determinism. In other words, we said that in intellectual history, first you get this movement of concern about the distance between the perceiver and the perceived, a concern that gives rise to skepticism about whether we can know things as they really are. But then as a kind of aftermath of that movement in figures like Marx, Nietzsche and Freud–and you’ll notice that Foucault reverts to such figures when he turns to the whole question of “founders of discursivity,” we’ll come back to that–in figures like that, you get the further question of not just how we can know things in themselves as they really are but how we can trust the autonomy of that which knows: in other words, how we can trust the autonomy of consciousness if in fact there’s a chance–a good chance, according to these writers–that it is in turn governed by, controlled by, hidden powers or forces. This question of determinism is as important in the discourse of literary theory as the question of skepticism. They’re plainly interrelated in a variety of ways, but it’s more to the question of determinism I want to return today.
Now last time, following Ricoeur, I mentioned Marx, Nietzsche and Freud as key figures in the sort of secondary development that somehow inaugurates theory, and then I added Darwin. It seems particularly important to think of Darwin when we begin to think about the ways in which in the twentieth century, a variety of thinkers are concerned about human agency–that is to say, what becomes of the idea that we have autonomy, that we can act or at least that we can act with a sense of integrity and not just with a sense that we are being pulled by our strings like a puppet. In the aftermath of Darwin in particular, our understanding of natural selection, our understanding of genetic hard-wiring and other factors, makes us begin to wonder in what sense we can consider ourselves, each of us, to be autonomous subjects. And so, as I say, the question of agency arises.
It’s in that context, needless to say, that I’d like to take a look at these two interesting passages on the sheet that has Anton Chekhov on one side and Henry James on the other. Let’s begin with the Chekhov. The Cherry Orchard, you know, is about the threat owing to socioeconomic conditions, the conditions that do ultimately lead to the Menshevik Revolution of 1905, to a landed estate, and the perturbation and turmoil into which the cast of characters is thrown by this threat. Now one of the more interesting characters, who is not really a protagonist in the play for class reasons, is a house servant named Yepihodov, and Yepihodov is a character who is, among other things, a kind of autodidact. That is to say, he has scrambled into a certain measure of knowledge about things. He is full of a kind of understandable self-pity, and his speeches are in some ways more characteristic of the gloomy intellectual milieu that is reflected in Chekhov’s text really than almost anyone else’s.
I want to quote to you a couple of them. Toward the bottom of the first page, he says, “I’m a cultivated man. I read all kinds of remarkable books and yet I can never make out what direction I should take, what it is that I want, properly speaking.” As I read, pay attention to the degree to which he’s constantly talking about language and about the way in which he himself is inserted into language. He’s perpetually seeking a mode of properly speaking. He is a person who is somewhat knowledgeable about books, feels himself somehow to be caught up in the matrix of book learning–in other words, a person who is very much preoccupied with his conditioning by language, not least when perhaps unwittingly he alludes to Hamlet. “Should I live or should I shoot myself?”–properly speaking, “To be or not to be?” In other words, he inserts himself into the dramatic tradition to which as a character he himself belongs and shows himself to be in a debased form derived from one of those famous charismatic moments in which a hero utters a comparable concern.
So in all sorts of ways, in this simple passage we find a character who’s caught up in the snare–if I can put it that way–the snare of language. To continue, he says at the top of the next page, “Properly speaking and letting other subjects alone, I must say”–everything in terms of what other discourse does and what he himself can say, and of course, it’s mainly about “me”–“regarding myself among other things, that fate treats me mercilessly as a storm treats a small boat.” And the end of the passage is, “Have you read Buckle?” Now Buckle is a forgotten name today, but at one time he was just about as famous as Oswald Spengler who wrote The Decline of the West. He was a Victorian historian preoccupied with the dissolution of Western civilization. In other words, Buckle was the avatar of the notion in the late nineteenth century that everything was going to hell in a handbasket. One of the texts that Yepihodov has read that in a certain sense determines him is Buckle. “Have you read Buckle? I wish to have a word with you Avdotya Fyodorovna.” In other words, I’m arguing that the saturation of these speeches with signs of words, language, speaking, words, books, is just the dilemma of the character. That is to say, he is in a certain sense book- and language-determined, and he’s obscurely aware that this is his problem even as it’s a source of pride for him.
Turning then to a passage in a very different tone from James’s Ambassadors. An altogether charming character, the elderly Lambert Strether, who has gone to–most of you know–has gone to Paris to bring home the young Chad Newsome, a relative who is to take over the family business, the manufacture of an unnamed household article in Woollett, Massachusetts, probably toilet paper. In any case, Lambert Strether, as he arrives in Paris, has awakened to the sheer wonder of urbane culture. He recognizes that he’s missed something. He’s gone to a party given by a sculptor, and at this party he meets a young man named Little Bilham whom he likes, and he takes Little Bilham aside by the lapel, and he makes a long speech to him, saying, “Don’t do what I have done. Don’t miss out on life. Live all you can. It is a mistake not to. And this is why,” he goes on to say, “the affair, I mean the affair of life”–it’s as though he’s anticipating the affair of Chad Newsome and Madame de Vionnet, which is revealed at the end of the text–“couldn’t, no doubt, have been different for me for it’s”–“it” meaning life–”[life is] at the best a tin mold either fluted or embossed with ornamental excrescences or else smooth and dreadfully plain, into which, a helpless jelly, one’s consciousness, is poured so that one takes the form, as the great cook says”–the great cook, by the way, is Brillat-Savarin–“one takes the form, as the great cook says, and is more or less compactly held by it. One lives, in fine, as one can. Still one has the illusion of freedom.”
Here is where Strether says something very clever that I think we can make use of. He says, “Therefore, don’t be like me without the memory of that illusion. I was either at the right time too stupid or too intelligent to have it. I don’t quite know which.” Now if he was too stupid to have it, then of course he would have been liberated into the realm of action. He would have been what Nietzsche in an interesting precursor text calls “historical man.” He simply would have plunged ahead into life as though he had freedom, even though he was too stupid to recognize that it was an illusion. On the other hand, if he was too intelligent to, as it were, bury the illusion and live as though he were free, if he was too intelligent to do that, he’s a kind of an avatar of the literary theorist–in other words, the sort of person who can’t forget long enough that freedom is an illusion in order to get away from the preoccupations that, as I’ve been saying, characterize a certain kind of thinking in the twentieth century. And it’s rather charming at the last that he says–because how can we know anything–“I don’t quite know which.”
That, too, strikes me as a helpful and also characteristic passage that can introduce us to today’s subject, which is the loss of authority: that is to say, in Roland Barthes’ terms, “the death of the author,” and in Foucault’s terms, the question “What is an author?” In other words, in the absence of human agency, the first sacrifice for literary theory is the author, the idea of the author. That’s what will concern us in this second, still introductory lecture to this course. We’ll get into the proper or at least more systematic business of the course when we turn to hermeneutics next week.
Now let me set the scene. This is Paris. It wouldn’t have to be Paris. It could be Berkeley or Columbia or maybe Berlin. It’s 1968 or ‘69, spilling over in to the seventies. Students and most of their professors are on the barricades, that is to say in protest not only against the war in Vietnam but the outpouring of various forms of authoritative resistance to protest that characterized the sixties. There is a ferment of intellectual revolt which takes all sorts of forms in Paris but is first and foremost perhaps organized by what quickly in this country became a bumper sticker: “Question authority.” This is the framework in which the then most prominent intellectual in France writes an essay at the very peak of the student uprising, entitled “What is an Author?” and poses an answer which is by no means straightforward and simple. You’re probably a little frustrated because maybe you sort of anticipated what he was going to say, and then you read it and you said, “Gee, he really isn’t saying that. In fact, I don’t quite know what he is saying” and struggled more than you’re expected to because you anticipated what I’ve just been saying about the setting and about the role of Foucault and all the rest of it, and were possibly more confused than you might have expected to be. Yet at the same time, you probably thought “Oh, yeah, well, I did come out pretty much in the place I expected to come out in despite the roundabout way of having gotten there.” Because this lecture is introductory, I’m not going to spend a great deal of time explicating the more difficult moments in his argument. I am going to emphasize what you perhaps did anticipate that he would say, so that can take us along rather smoothly.
There is an initial issue. Because we’re as skeptical about skepticism as we are about anything else we’re likely to raise our eyebrows and say, “Hmm. Doesn’t this guy Foucault think he’s an author? You know, after all, he’s a superstar. He’s used to being taken very seriously. Does he want to say that he’s just an author function, that his textual field is a kind of set of structural operations within which one can discover an author? Does he really want to say this?” Well, this is the question raised by the skeptic about skepticism or about theory and it’s one that we’re going to take rather seriously, but we’re going to come back to it because there are ways, it seems to me, of keeping this question at arm’s length. In other words, Foucault is up to something interesting, and probably we should meet him at least halfway to see, to measure, the degree of interest we may have in it. So yes, there is the question–there is the fact that stands before u–that this very authoritative-sounding person seems to be an author, right? I never met anybody who seemed more like an author than this person, and yet he’s raising the question whether there is any such thing, or in any case, the question how difficult it is to decide what it is if there is.
Let me digress with an anecdote which may or may not sort of help us to understand the delicacy of this relationship between a star author, a person undeniably a star author, and the atmosphere of thought in which there is, in a certain sense, no such thing as an author. An old crony and former colleague of mine was taking a course at Johns Hopkins in the 1960s. This was a time when Hopkins led all American universities in the importing of important European scholars, and it was a place of remarkable intellectual ferment. This particular lecture course was being given by Georges Poulet, a so-called phenomenological critic. That’s one of the “isms” we aren’t covering in this seminar. In any case, Poulet was also a central figure on the scene of the sixties. Poulet would be lecturing along, and the students had somehow formed a habit of from time to time–by the way, you can form this habit, too–of raising their hand, and what they would do is they would utter a name–at least this is what my friend noticed. They would raise their hand and they would say, “Mallarmé.” And Poulet would look at them and say, “Mais, oui! Exactement! A mon avis aussi!” And then he would go on and continue to lecture for a while. Then somebody else would raise his hand and say, “Proust.” “Ah, précisément! Proust. Proust.” And then he’d continue along. So my friend decided he’d give it a try [laughter] and he raised his hand and he said, “Voltaire,” and Poulet said “Quoi donc… Je ne vous comprends pas,” and then paused and hesitated and continued with his lecture as though my friend had never asked his question.
Now this is a ritual of introducing names, and in a certain sense, yes, the names of authors, the names of stars; but at the same time, plainly names that stand for something other than their mere name, names that stand for domains or fields of interesting discursivity: that is to say–I mean, Poulet was the kind of critic who believed that the oeuvre of an author was a totality that could be understood as a structural whole, and his criticism worked that way. And so yes, the signal that this field of discursivity is on the table is introduced by the name of the author but it remains just a name. It’s an author without authority, yet at the same time it’s an author who stands for, whose name stands for, an important field of discourse. That’s of course what my friend–because he knew perfectly well that when he said “Voltaire,” Poulet would [laughs] have nothing to do with it–that’s the idea that my friend wanted to experiment with. There are relevant and interesting fields of discourse and there are completely irrelevant fields of discourse, and some of these fields are on the sides of angelic discourse and some of these fields are on the side of the demonic. We simply, kind of spontaneously, make the division.
Discursivity, discourse: that’s what I forgot to talk about last time. When I said that sometimes people just ultimately throw up their hands when they try to define literature and say, “Well, literature’s just whatever you say it is. Fine. Let’s just go ahead,” they are then much more likely, rather than using the word “literature,” to use the word “discourse” or “textual field,” “discursivity.” You begin to hear, or perhaps smell, the slight whiff of jargon that pervades theoretical writing. It often does so for a reason. This is the reason one hears so much about discourse. Simply because of doubt about the generic integrity of various forms of discourse. One can speak hesitantly of literary discourse, political discourse, anthropological discourse, but one doesn’t want to go so far as to say literature, political science, anthropology. It’s a habit that arises from the sense of the permeability of all forms of utterance with respect to each other, and that habit, as I say, is a breakdown of the notion that certain forms of utterance can be understood as a delimited, structured field.
One of the reasons this understanding seems so problematic is the idea that we don’t appeal to the authority of an author in making our mind about the nature of a given field of discourse. We find the authority of the author instead somewhere within the textual experience. The author is a signal, is what Foucault calls a “function.” By the way, this isn’t at all a question of the author not existing. Yes, Barthes talks about the death of the author, but even Barthes doesn’t mean that the author is dead like Nietzsche’s God. The author is there, sure. It’s a question rather of how we know the author to be there, firstly, and secondly, whether or not in attempting to determine the meaning of a text–and this is something we’ll be talking about next week–we should appeal to the authority of an author. If the author is a function, that function is something that appears, perhaps problematically appears, within the experience of the text, something we get in terms of the speaker, the narrator, or–in the case of plays–as the inferred orchestrator of the text: something that we infer from the way the text unfolds. So as a function and not as a subjective consciousness to which we appeal to grasp a meaning, the author still does exist.
So we consider a text as a structured entity, or perhaps as an entity which is structured and yet at the same time somehow or another passes out of structure–that’s the case with Roland Barthes. Here I want to appeal to a couple of passages. I want to quote from the beginning of Roland Barthes’ essay, which I know I only suggested, but I’m simply going to quote the passage so you don’t have to have read it, The Death of the Author. It’s on page 874 for those of you who have your texts, as I hope you do. Barthes, while writing this–he’s writing what has perhaps in retrospect seemed to be his most important book, it’s called S/Z. It’s a huge book which is all about this short story by Balzac, “Sarrasine,” that he begins this essay by quoting. This is what he says here about “Sarras.” [Barthes says,]  [and this is a deliberate pun] slips away [“our subject” meaning that we don’t quite know what’s being talked about sometimes, but also and more importantly the subject, the authorial subject, the actual identity of the given speaking subject–that’s what slips away] the negative where all identity is lost, starting with the very identity of the body writing.
So that’s a shot fired across the bow against the author because it’s Barthes’ supposition that the author isn’t maybe even quite an author function because that function may be hard to identify in a discrete way among myriad other functions.
Foucault, who I think does take for granted that a textual field is more firmly structured than Barthes supposes, says on page 913 that when we speak of the author function, as opposed to the author–and here I begin quoting at the bottom of the left-hand column on page 913–when we speak in this way we no longer raise the questions:
“How can a free subject penetrate the substance of things and give it meaning? How can it activate the rules of a language from within and thus give rise to the designs which are properly own–its own?”
In other words, we no longer say, “How does the author exert autonomous will with respect to the subject matter being expressed?” We no longer appeal, in other words, to the authority of the author as the source of the meaning that we find in the text.
Foucault continues,)… [That is to say, when we speak in this way of an author function,] it is a matter of depriving the subject (or its substitute) [a character, for example, or a speaker, as we say when we don’t mean that it’s the poet talking but the guy speaking in “My Last Duchess” or whatever] of its role as originator, and of analyzing the subject as a variable and complex function of discourse.
“The subject” here always means the subjectivity of the speaker, right, not the subject matter. You’ll get used to it because it’s a word that does a lot of duty, and you need to develop context in which you recognize that well, yeah, I’m talking about the human subject or well, I’m talking about the subject matter; but I trust that you will quickly kind of adjust to that difficulty.
All right. So with this said, it’s probably time to say something in defense of the author. I know that you wish you could stand up here and say something in defense of the author, so I will speak in behalf of all of you who want to defend the author by quoting a wonderful passage from Samuel Johnson’s Preface to Shakespeare, in which he explains for us why it is that we have always paid homage to the authority of the author. It’s not just a question, as obviously Foucault and Barthes are always suggesting, of deferring to authority as though the authority were the police with a baton in its hand, right? It’s not a question of deferring to authority in that sense. It’s a question, rather, of affirming what we call the human spirit.
This is what Johnson says:
There is always a silent reference of human works to human abilities, and as the inquiry,.
So what Johnson is saying is: well, it’s all very well to consider a textual field, the workmanship, but at the same time we want to remind ourselves of our worth. We want to say, “Well, gee, that wasn’t produced by a machine. That’s not just a set of functions–variables, as one might say in the lab. It’s produced by genius. It’s something that allows us to rate human ability high.” And that, especially in this vale of tears–and Johnson is very conscious of this being a vale of tears–that’s what we want to keep doing. We want to rate human potential as high as we can, and it is for that reason in a completely different spirit, in the spirit of homage rather than cringing fear, that we appeal to the authority of an author.
Well, that’s an argument for the other side, but these are different times. This is 1969, and the purpose that’s alleged for appealing to the author as a paternal source, as an authority, is, according to both Barthes and Foucault, to police the way texts are read. In other words, both of them insist that the appeal to the author–as opposed to the submersion of the author in the functionality of the textual field–is a kind of delimitation or policing of the possibilities of meaning.
Let me just read two texts to that effect, first going back to Roland Barthes on page 877. Barthes says, “Once the Author is removed, the claim to decipher a text becomes quite futile.” By the way, once again there’s a bit of a rift there between Barthes and Foucault. Foucault wouldn’t say “quite futile.” He would say, “Oh, no. We can decipher it, but the author function is just one aspect of the deciphering process.” But Barthes has entered a phase of his career in which you actually think that structures are so complex that they cease to be structures and that this has a great deal to do with the influence of deconstruction. We’ll come back to that much later in the course.
In any case, he continues.
To give a text an Author is to impose a limit on that text, to furnish it with a final signified, to close the writing. Such a conception suits criticism [and criticism is a lot like policing, right–“criticism” means being a critic, criticizing] very well, the latter then allotting itself the important task of discovering the Author (or its hypostases: society, history, psyché, liberty) beneath the work: when the Author has been found, the text is “explained”–a victory to the critic.
In other words, the policing of meaning has been accomplished and the critic wins, just as in the uprisings of the late sixties, the cops win. This is, again, the atmosphere in which all of this occurs–just then to reinforce this with the pronouncement of Foucault at the bottom of page 913, right-hand column: “The author is therefore the ideological figure by which one marks the manner in which we fear the proliferation of meaning.”
Now once again, there is this sort of the skepticism about skepticism. You say, “Why shouldn’t I fear the proliferation of meaning? I want to know what something definitely means. I don’t want to know that it means a million things. I’m here to learn what things mean in so many words. I don’t want to be told that I could sit here for the rest of my life just sort of parsing one sentence. Don’t tell me about that. Don’t tell me about these complicated sentences from Balzac’s short story. I’m here to know what things mean. I don’t care if it’s policing or not. Whatever it is, let’s get it done.” That, of course, is approaching the question of how we might delimit meaning in a very different spirit. The reason I acknowledge the legitimacy of responding in this way is that to a certain extent the preoccupation with–what shall we say?–the misuse of the appeal to an author is very much of its historical moment. That is to say, when one can scarcely say the word “author” without thinking “authority,” and one can definitely never say the word “authority” without thinking about the police. This is a structure of thought that perhaps pervades the lives of many of us to this day and has always pervaded the lives of many people, but is not quite as hegemonic in our thinking today perhaps as it was in the moment of these essays by Barthes and Foucault.
All right. With all this said, how can the theorist recuperate honor for certain names like, for example, his own? “All right. It’s all very well. You’re not an author, but I secretly think I’m an author, right?” Let’s suppose someone were dastardly enough to harbor such thoughts. How could you develop an argument in which a thought like that might actually seem to work? After all, Foucault–setting himself aside, he doesn’t mention himself–Foucault very much admires certain writers. In particular, he admires, like so many of his generation and other generations, Marx and Freud. It’s a problem if we reject the police-like authority of authors, of whom we may have a certain suspicion on those grounds, when we certainly don’t feel that way about Marx and Freud. What’s the difference then? How is Foucault going to mount an argument in which privileged authors–that is to say, figures whom one cites positively and without a sense of being policed–can somehow or another stay in the picture?
Foucault, by the way, doesn’t mention Nietzsche, but he might very well because Nietzsche’s idea of “genealogy” is perhaps the central influence on Foucault’s work. Frankly, I think it’s just an accident that he doesn’t mention him. It would have been a perfect symmetry because last time we quoted Paul Ricoeur to the effect that these authors, Marx, Nietzsche, and Freud, were–and this is Ricoeur’s word–“masters.” Whoa! That’s the last thing we want to hear. They’re not masters. Foucault couldn’t possibly allow for that because plainly the whole texture of their discourse would be undermined by introducing the notion that it’s okay to be a master, and yet Ricoeur feels that these figures dominate modern thought as masters.
How does Foucault deal with this? He invents a concept. He says, “They aren’t authors. They’re founders of discursivity,” and then he grants that it’s kind of difficult to distinguish between a founder of discursivity and an author who has had an important influence. Right? And then he talks about the gothic novel and he talks about Radcliffe’s, Anne Radcliffe’s–he’s wrong about this, by the way. The founder of discursivity in the gothic novel is not Anne Radcliffe; it’s Horace Walpole, but that’s okay–he talks about Anne Radcliffe as the person who establishes certain tropes, topoi, and premises that govern the writing of gothic fiction for the next hundred years and, indeed, even in to the present, so that she is, Foucault acknowledges, in a certain sense a person who establishes a way of talking, a way of writing, a way of narrating. But at the same time she isn’t a person, Foucault claims, who introduces a discourse or sphere of debate within which ideas, without being attributable necessarily, can nevertheless be developed. Well, I don’t know. It seems to me that literary influence is not at all unlike sort of speaking or writing in the wake of a founder of discursivity, but we can let that pass.
On the other hand, Foucault is very concerned to distinguish figures like this from scientists like Galileo and Newton. Now it is interesting, by the way, maybe in defense of Foucault, that whereas we speak of people as Marxist or Freudian, we don’t speak of people as Radcliffian or Galilean or Newtonian. We use the adjective “Newtonian” but we don’t speak of certain writers who are still interested in quantum mechanics as “Newtonian writers.” That’s interesting in a way, and may somehow or another justify Foucault’s understanding of the texts of those author functions known as Marx and Freud–whose names might be raised in Poulet’s lecture class with an enthusiastic response–as place holders for those fields of discourse. It may, in some sense, reinforce Foucault’s argument that these are special inaugurations of debate, of developing thought, that do not necessarily kowtow to the originary figure–certainly debatable, but we don’t want to pause over it in the case either of Marx or of Freud. Plainly, there are a great many people who think of them as tyrants, right, but within the traditions that they established, it is very possible to understand them as instigating ways of thinking without necessarily presiding over those ways of thinking authoritatively. That is the special category that Foucault wants to reserve for those privileged figures whom he calls founders of discursivity.
All right. Very quickly then to conclude: one consequence of the death of the author, and the disappearance of the author into author function is, as Foucault curiously says in passing on page 907, that the author has no legal status. And you say, “What? What about copyright? What about intellectual property? That’s a horrible thing to say, that the author has no legal status.” Notice once again the intellectual context. Copyright arose as a bourgeois idea. That is to say, “I possess my writing. I have an ownership relationship with my writing.” The disappearance of the author, like a kind of corollary disappearance of bourgeois thought, entails, in fact, a kind of bracketing of the idea of copyright or intellectual property. And so there’s a certain consistency in what Foucault is saying about the author having no legal status.
But maybe at this point it really is time to dig in our heels. “I am a lesbian Latina. I stand before you as an author articulating an identity for the purpose of achieving freedom, not to police you, not to deny your freedom, but to find my own freedom. And I stand before you precisely, and in pride, as an author. I don’t want to be called an author function. I don’t want to be called an instrument of something larger than myself because frankly that’s what I’ve always been, and I want precisely as an authority through my authorship to remind you that I am not anybody’s instrument but that I am autonomous and free.”
In other words, the author, the traditional idea of the author–so much under suspicion in the work of Foucault and Barthes in the late sixties–can be turned on its ear. It can be understood as a source of new-found authority, of the freedom of one who has been characteristically not free and can be received by a reading community in those terms. It’s very difficult to think how a Foucault might respond to that insistence, and it’s a problem that in a way dogs everything, or many of the things we’re going to be reading during the course of this semester–even within the sorts of theorizing that are characteristically called cultural studies and concern questions of the politics of identity. Even within those disciplines there is a division of thought between people who affirm the autonomous integrity and individuality of the identity in question and those who say any and all identities are only subject positions discernible and revealed through the matrix of social practices. There is this intrinsic split even within those forms of theory–and not to mention the kinds of theory that don’t directly have to do with the politics of identity–between those for whom what’s at stake is the discovery of autonomous individuality and those for whom what’s at stake is the tendency to hold at arm’s length such discoveries over against the idea that the instability of any and all subject positions is what actually contains within it–as Foucault and Barthes thought as they sort of sat looking at the police standing over against them–those for whom this alternative notion of the undermining of any sense of that which is authoritative is in its turn a possible source, finally, of freedom. These sorts of vexing issues, as I say, in all sorts of ways will dog much of what we read during the course of this semester.
All right. So much for the introductory lectures which touch on aspects of the materials that we’ll keep returning to. On Tuesday we’ll turn to a more specific subject matter: hermeneutics, what hermeneutics is, how we can think about the nature of interpretation. Our primary text will be the excerpt in your book from Hans-Georg Gadamer and a few passages that I’ll be handing out from Martin Heidegger and E.D. Hirsch.
[end of transcript]Wahal Engineers was founded in 1980's, We developed a complete new generation of wet processing equipment using the latest technology working on the principle of shear force. Our range is widely acknowledged for low power consumption, high performance, durability and easy operation.Check price
Principle This type is used for the purpose of separating, mixing, crushing and homogenizing by grinding and rotating in a homogenizer. It is suitable for processing tough samples. Scope of application It is used to disperse animal/plant tissue, with the lysate for extraction ofCheck price
be refined to be liquid-like. Basic principle of operation original samples (bigger ones shall be cut to be block-like. Dimension 1010mm) shall be put into homogenize bag together with certain liquid or solvent. Homogenizer will hammer sample bag to generate pressure. The pressureCheck price
High Pressure Homogenizer EmulsiFlex Principle of Operation A high pressure pump (C) pushes the product through an adjustable homogenizing valve (D). TheCheck price
The lab homogenizer spare parts are free of charge. Our laboratory homogenizer can be used as milk homogenizer, beverage mixer, and ice cream mixer. Chaoli Homogenizing Pump Factory is an experienced laboratory homogenizer manufacturer in China, engaged in the production of laboratory homogenizers and other homogenizers.Check price
ultrasonic homogenizers working principle. Contact Now Ultrasonic Cell Disruptor Ultrasonic Homogenizers Supplier Ultrasonic cell disruption system ( crusher ), ultrasonic homogenizers is a multi-function multi-purpose instrument, which use high strength ultrasonic to cause cavitation effect in liquid, for material ultrasonic processing.Application of ultrasonic cell crusher are biologicalCheck price
INTRODUCTION (PRINCIPLE) In this context that the unit operation of microbial cell Disruption of Cell Through High Pressure Homogenizer Saranya et al.Check price).Check price
1.Machine Introduction High pressure homogenizer applies to the liquid materials (liquid liquid phase or liquid solid phase) of homogeneous emulsion, the viscosity is lower than 0.2 Pa. S, temperature below 80 C. Working principle of high pressure homogenizer mainly through three plunger reciprocating motion will make the processed materials send to the homogeneous valve in the form ofCheck price
Four stages of the laboratory homogenizer rotor/stator operating head works process specialized description.Check price
Colloid mill homogenizer the principle of operation. Homogenizer. Industrial homogenizers are designed for homogenization of various substances and are widely used in the food, chemical, pharmaceutical industry and road construction. Among the variety of homogenizers .Check price
Prior art keywords beam laser material homogenizer laser beam Prior art date 1981-11-17 Legal status (The legal status is an assumption and is not a legal conclusion. Google has nCheck price
Principle of Operation. Last Updated on Sun, 14 Oct 2018 HK Mark 23 Pistol Semi. A. The Mark 23 uses a modified linkless Browning-style short recoil system to lock and unlock the breech. Figure 2 Right View. B. Upon firing, the pressure developed by the propellent gasCheck price
3.1 Principles of Design Fig. 5 Principles of design of pumps illustrated using the FSPE model 3.1.1 Pump Head (A) Fig. 6 Pump head Shaft Seal (12) Two seal types are available for use Single shaft seal Double shaft seal With the double shaft seal, there are two additional connections for the sealing liquid inlet and outlet on the pumpCheck price.Check price
yogurt homogenizer, US $ 300 9,000 / Set, New, Homogenizer, Cosmetic.Source from Zhejiang L And B Fluid Equipment Co., Ltd. on Alibaba.com.Check price
This multifunctional multi featured machine meets the GMP requirements of washing for glass and plastic bottles. The machine operates on the Rotary principle with GENEVA mechanism and requires manual loading and unloading of bottles. The bottles are loaded on rotating platform and are cleaned in series of operations.Check price
The BoosterCheck price
Precellys homogenizers for an efficient sample preparation,Precellys24 is a high-throughput tissue homogenizer that operates up to 24 tubes of 2ml. . No. EQ03119.200. step to pellet the debris. See Precellys Technology principle Standard Design for daily lab operations. Precellys 24/ Learn MoreCheck price
Operation principle and design considerations 1. Minimum required parameters needed to chose/design a diffuser a. Wavelength b. Output shape and intensity profile (Flat-top or customized) c. Divergence angle (of output shape) or image size and EFL d. Beam quality (M2) 2. Common diffuser/homogenizer elements are manufactured on a DOE window.Check priceThe Sims 4 Mortimer Biker Pants (Mesh)
Available at The Sims Resource
A new and updated version of my Mortimer Biker Pants. Super skinny fit.
Now with customer specular/bump map for enhanced, realistic texture and available in 8 colours.
Categorized as Pants.
POLICY
-Recolours/Retextures are welcome but please do NOT include the mesh, link back here instead.
ID: SC4-100295
Category Tags: Clothing , Fashion , Women’s Pants , Everyday , Female , Adult , pants , Sentate , Sims 4 , The Sims Resource , TSR
Lilli M –
yasInmate search is really useful for both crime victims and family members who want to find where a prisoner is jailed. For crime victims, this is useful to keep as far as away from the inmate so that he or she can avoid traumatic effect. For family members, this can help them find out the location or other information related to an inmate. You just need to input a few kinds of information related to the inmate and the detailed information will appear on the screen. Therefore, you can use this facility properly.
What Is Inmate Locator?
Inmate locator is a facility of online search that helps you look for an inmate location or other information related to the inmate like aliases, physical features, etc. Belongs to the facilities of Inmate Search, this also allows you know the release date of an inmate. In short, it is helpful to find detailed information of an inmate. For the further status of an inmate, you are also allows to call the respective Department of Correction. Anyway, you have to use this facility as wise as possible.
How Does Inmate Search Work?
Now, it is very important to know how Inmate Search will work. To detect the location of an inmate, you have to know at least the nick name of the inmate you mean. It will be better if you know the full name. Inmate Search is available in different countries and they have their own regulations. The information provided is also different from one to another. Some of the example includes IDOC Inmate Search, Oakland Country’s Inmate Search, etc. By clicking the name of the inmate, you can see the photo and other related information.
Inmates in Federal Prison
What if you do not find an inmate you want to look for from Inmate Search? It may be caused by different factors. One of them is because you input wrong information. Besides that, it may also be caused by the status of an inmate where he or she is in probation or parole. In fact, some websites will not show an inmate in probation. In this case, you can consider Federal Inmate Search where it can be found on Federal Bureau of Prison website. There are 2 things required. The first is the name of an inmate and the second one is additional information such as sex, age, race, etc.
How to Get Notification of Inmate Release
Inmate Search offers different information. One of the most important kinds of information is his or her release date. Unfortunately, some do not provide this information. However, Federal Inmate Locator allows you know the release date of an inmate.
If you are a victim, Victim Information and Notification Everyday (VINE) will be a helpful program. It provides information about the prison location and the release date of an inmate. They will give you notification about it so that you will feel safer. So, you must have this facility provided by Inmate Search.It's a 'fanTannum-tastic' achievement for surf club
SURF LIFE SAVING: Once again the Tannum Sands Surf Life Saving Club nippers have proven their strength and dominance in the region after it took out the overall Wide Bay Capricorn Branch Championships for the ninth consecutive year.
The club also retained the champion title for water events which it has held for the past nine seasons.
Tannum has also won the beach events trophy for the 10th successive year and has also wrested back the Under-8 to U10 trophy back from Bundaberg, the only time it has been relinquished in the past 10 seasons.
TSSLSC head coach John Andrews was proud of his team of athletes and how they handled the conditions on the weekend.
"With the predicted blustery easterly winds coming into play particularly on Saturday afternoon on the low tide, it created some tricky conditions for a few, but our nippers handled themselves really well," he said.
"The whole of the 'Team Tannum' worked well together and we had a maximum participation from all age groups to get the most points for Tannum to retain the championships title.
"We have some strength starting to develop in the juniors and hopefully they will continue on to carry Tannum through a full decade of dominance."
U10 competitor Cooper Keenan said his favourite event of the weekend was the board relay.
"I really enjoy doing board races where I am up out of the water and on the waves and competing with my team mates," he said.
"My team in the board relay was Hamish Wemmerslager and Noah McLure and we came second."
Dylan Goldsworthy also enjoyed his first ever Branch Carnival at his home beach as an U8 just like his mum, Nicole Lowe, did almost 30 years ago.
"It was pretty special to be here to support Dylan and for us both to have had our first Branch experience at our home beach is pretty amazing," Lowe said.
"Dylan is now a fourth-generation nipper in my family, with my late grandfather, John Dahl, being instrumental in establishing nippers here at the Tannum Sands Surf Lifesaving Club.
"I was also privileged to present the winner of my grandfather's trophy, the Handicap Shield, to Elliott Heads."
This carnival was a qualifier for Youth States for all U11 individual and team events as well as for the 1-2km beach run, iron-person and all team events for the U12-14 age-group.
All 34 Tannum nippers in these age groups have qualified to compete at the Queensland Youth Surf Lifesaving Championships to be held at Burleigh Heads next month.Got a finished manuscript you’re hoping to submit? Wondering what you need to do to ensure you give yourself the greatest chance of success? Ever wanted to know which Queer characters are Nicola Santilli’s favourites? Get YA Words Out was lucky enough to interview the aforementioned Nicola Santilli, Junior Editor at Walker Books Australia, to pick her brain about publishing AusQueerYA (and which Queer characters are her favourites).
GYWO: Hi Nicola! Thanks so much for taking the time to chat with me today.
NS: Thanks so much for having me!
GYWO: You wear many hats in the YA industry, but today I want to focus on your role as Junior Editor at Walker Books. Can you tell us what your job entails and how you got into that position?
NS: Walker Books Australia publishes children’s literature for readers aged 0 to 18. As Junior Editor, I edit a range of books from picture books to young adult fiction. In addition to supporting our award-winning Editorial and Design teams, I also manage the monthly Walker Wednesday submission program. Every day I work with amazing local authors to bring their fantastic stories to life. I’m pretty sure I have the best job in the world!
My journey to my current position is pretty standard for the industry. I studied a Bachelor of Arts degree, then a Master of Publishing degree, before successfully applying for an entry-level position at Walker. After years of experience I was eventually promoted to my current role. There are many pathways into the industry besides tertiary qualifications. I recommend book-related experience (bookselling, volunteering at libraries) and internship placements at publishing houses.
GYWO: Walker Wednesday is open to young adult (YA) and middle-grade (MG) manuscripts. The website mentions that Walker is “particularly interested in submissions with diverse characters and/or written by diverse authors”. Why was this important to note?
NS: Walker is perhaps most well-known for its award-winning picture books, but we also have many award-winning novels on our list (for example, Meg McKinlay’s A Single Stone has won or been short-listed for every literary award in Australia!). We wanted to find fresh new voices to bring to our lists and we felt that, for some reason, we weren’t receiving many fiction submissions. So Walker Wednesday was created to tap specifically into these areas – MG and YA. This monthly call-out for manuscripts from Australian and New Zealand authors is open on the first Wednesday of every month. You can read more about the submission guidelines on the official website.
When it comes to submissions, all of the editors at Walker have their own particular areas of interest, just like any other publishing house. Personally, I am interested in receiving #ownvoices submissions from queer writers, disabled writers, Indigenous writers and writers of colour. I feel strongly that stories, and stories for children and teens in particular, should reflect the diversity of the world we live in.
GYWO: What are some books you’d like to be reading? What stories do you think are missing from #AusQueerYA?
NS: First and foremost, Walker would like to read submissions with strong writing, engaging characters and well-developed world-building. We want voices that grab us, characters that we can fall in love (or hate) with and worlds that feel tangible.
For my part, I would like to see more genre submissions – horror, science fiction and fantasy – and graphic novels. Historically, it has been difficult for genre YA to break out in Australia. But the tide has begun to turn; just look at the recent success of Illuminae by Amie Kaufman and Jay Kristoff. And Walker has recently acquired Small Spaces by debut author Sarah Epstein, a #LoveOzYA psychological thriller.
As for #AusQueerYA, I would personally like to see more #ownvoices stories about intersex, trans and non-binary characters, and more on-page representation of bisexuality, arosexuality and asexuality. In my opinion there is also a shocking lack of intersectional representation in traditionally published Australian YA, so I would love to see that be actively addressed.
GYWO: Who are your favourite #AusQueerYA authors?
NS: Over the past year I was lucky enough to work on Nevo Zisin’s ground-breaking gender memoir, Finding Nevo. Nevo is a young queer, transmasculine non-binary writer and activist. I’ve already heard anecdotes about how the book has changed the lives of trans and non-binary teens, which is amazing. Nev is an author to watch!
I’ve also recently enjoyed some scifi #AusQueerYA. Ida, by non-binary author Alison Evans, has a great mystery and a plethora of interesting queer and gender diverse characters. And if you haven’t read the award-winning novella Welcome to OrphanCorp and its sequel Psynode by Marlee Jane Ward then you absolutely need to get on it! Short, but packs a punch. I cannot wait for the third book in this series.
(GYWO Note: We love ALL of these. Check out the Read page for reviews)
GYWO: Favourite Queer character in a movie/book (doesn’t have to be YA)?
NS: What a question! I’ll mention a few… Books: Mirii from OrphanCorp, Frank from Ida, A from Every Day (David Levithan), Haruka Tenou & Michiru Kaiou from Sailor Moon (Naoko Takeuchi). TV: Captain Jack Harkness from Doctor Who/Torchwood, Titus Andromedon from The Unbrekable Kimmy Schmidt, Kalinda Sharma from The Good Wife, Captain Holt from Brooklyn 99, Alex Sanvers from Supergirl.
GYWO: What advice can you give emerging authors who are ready to submit their manuscripts?
NS: Make sure you really are ready to submit. Have you read through and edited your manuscript several times? Have you read it out loud? Have you had other people (friends, family, critique partners, beta readers, sensitivity readers) read it and provide comments? Have you reworked the story, incorporating their feedback? Is the length of your story reflective of market expectations? Have you finalised your cover letter? Can you summarise your story in 200 words? Can you do an elevator pitch (one-liner) of your story? Do you know where the story sits in the market? What are the comparison/competitive titles and authors?
If you can’t answer all of these questions with confidence, perhaps you are not ready to submit. Agents and editors are overwhelmed with submissions every day, so you need to make sure your manuscript and cover letter are in as good shape as possible before you submit. You may only get one chance to show your work.
GYWO: As an editor, what are common mistakes writers make in their manuscript submissions?
NS: One of the biggest mistakes is writers submitting stories that simply aren’t ready. Sometimes it’s easy for an editor to spot, like a 120,000-word long YA submission when YA usually caps out at around 70,000 words. Perhaps the writer doesn’t understand the market, or possibly hasn’t read much YA. Other times it can be structural issues with the manuscript, such as the pacing faltering halfway through or the ending falling flat and leaving the reader unsatisfied. Publishing is not a race. Take the time to get your manuscript into the right shape before submitting.
Another common mistake is writers submitting to the wrong person. Just like when applying for a job, you need to do research. Does this particular publishing house publish the kind of stories you want to write? If they only publish kids’ and YA literature, like Walker, then don’t send them something for an adult audience. Has this publishing house published something similar in plot to what you have written? If yes, they are probably not interested in your story, as the stories would compete against each other within the company. Do your research. Submit strategically.
GYWO: How do you think we as a community can improve the state of publishing for Queer writers and for the #AusQueerYA category?
NS: It sounds cynical, but you have to remember that publishing is first and foremost a business. Publishing houses listen to the market, and what the market wants. So if you want to support #AusQueerYA, you need to champion it with everything you have. Write it, submit it, read it, review it, borrow it, buy it! Don’t stop talking about it! Let your love for #AusQueerYA shine brightly.
We hope you learnt as much as we did from this stellar interview. You can find Nicola on Twitter and Instagram, and follow Walker Books Australia on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.Opened 12 years ago
Closed 12 years ago
#2 closed support (fixed)
Support: 15/May/2007, Rachel Gaulton, GB06/05
Description (last modified by mggr)
Two issues:
Amer checking on LIDAR. Use of bsq with azgcorr
- mggr suspects perhaps the missing scans are throwing off the navigation?
Rachel's initial contact email:
I am trying to process ATM and CASI data flown last summer over my two sites in Wales (GB06/05, PI - Tim Malthus). Unfortunately we are having a few problems with AZGCORR and I wanted to check whether you had encountered them before and had any idea what might be wrong (or who else might have). As we are carrying out atmospheric correction before geometrically correcting the swaths in AZGCORR, so we are using the resulting .bsq image in conjunction with the original .hdf (and a DTM) as inputs to AZGCORR, as recommended in the user guide. With the CASI data and most of the ATM swaths this appears to work ok (at least as far as can be determined by visual inspection of the results), however with certain swaths the geometric correction is not successful. These seem to be swaths with considerable numbers of missing pixels / scan lines. When the raw .hdf data is geometrically corrected directly, the problems do not appear and AZGCORR works correctly (attached jpeg1), but when the image is first converted to .bsq and atmospherically corrected the image seems to be corrected up until the point of the missing scan lines, but after that appears to be just 'stretched' to fit the correct outline (jpeg2). The same problem is also being encountered by John Dowens in correcting strips from GB06/07. Do you have any ideas what may be causing this problem? Any suggestions very much appreciated. I was also wondering if you know when I might be likely to receive the remaining LIDAR data from this acquisition (I have the lidar from my Glasfynydd site but not from Clocaenog)?
Attachments (2)
Change History (14)
Changed 12 years ago by mggr
Changed 12 years ago by mggr
jpeg2 from Rachel's initial email
comment:1 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
Steve replied and asked for additional info while we're trying to reproduce. Rachel replied back with:
> Many thanks for your response and help. Command string is > below as requested. The DTM used is attached in case this is > of use. The file a195041b_atm.bsq is the output of > atmospheric correction in the ATCOR program which is > formatted as a .bsq with an ENVI header. Bit big to email but > can find a way to get it to you if necessary.
Command line she used:
~s0455027/loyal_scratch/image_preprocessing/azgcorr/azgcorr.4613 \ -1 ~s0455027/loyal_scratch/image_preprocessing/a195041b.hdf \ -3 ~s0455027/loyal_scratch/image_preprocessing/azgcorr/atm/a195043a_atm_gcor.hdf \ -p 1.5 1.5 -B 3802 12 0 1.0 0.0 0.0 \ -Bs ~s0455027/loyal_scratch/image_preprocessing/ATCOR/atm/a195041b_atm.bsq \ -mUKNG -an -hn -in \ -eh ~s0455027/loyal_scratch/image_preprocessing/azgcorr/glasfyn_dtm.asc \ -v
DEM stored at ~arsf/arsf_data/2006/dems/glasfyn_dtm.asc
comment:2 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
Her contact details:
<Details removed>
comment:3 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
Implication of her DEM is that the site is Glasfynydd, or 195A.
Processing data to catch up with her.. Project is stored at ~arsf/arsf_data/2006/195A_GB06_05
comment:4 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
comment:5 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
comment:6 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
Steve found a -be option in azgcorr that enables the use of the SCbedit (bad scans) vector.
I have solved the problem by using the "-be" option in azgcorr. Note this is not documented in the manual so I assume it is a recent addition to azgcorr. If you type azgcorr -help you will get a listing of all the commands so please check that your version includes this option. If not we can let you have an updated version. The help on "-be" notes that it "enables use of SCbedit to remove bad bands" but in your case it appears to be using the SCbedit vector (set of flags) to remove bad lines - you will see that the mapped image has the bad lines interpolated. I have attached the commands used to produce the results together with the azgcorr -help listing. Please let me know if this solves the problem.
SBG's commands:
/users/rsg/sbg/arsf_user_test/bin/azexhdf.317 -h a195041b.hdf -BS a195041b_test.bseq /users/rsg/sbg/arsf_user_test/bin/azgcorr.479 -1 a195041b.hdf -3 a195043a.hdf -bl 2 3 5 -1 -p 1.5 1.5 -mUKNG -an -hn -in -eh ~arsf/arsf_data/2006/dems/glasfyn_dtm.asc -Bs a195041b_test.bseq -B 3802 11 0 1.0 0.0 0.0 -be /users/rsg/sbg/arsf_user_test/bin/azexhdf.317 -h a195043a.hdf -b1 2 3 5 -1 -G a195043a.tif
User contacted to see if that solves their problem.
comment:7 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
Rachel replied that Steve's fix works for her too, but has funny effects on other images.
> > It produces some strange results if run on > > image strips that geo-corrected ok before but do have some > > missing scan lines / significant amounts of missing pixels.
Steve asked for which lines and whether it's ok to just use the non-"-be" azgcorr for those.
comment:8 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
- Cc sbg added
comment:9 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
Mike sent tentative reply, describing how we think it works. Mike contacting Bill for more info.
Steve told Rachel about the LIDAR status and pointed her to Cambridge (see Processing/LIDAR).
comment:10 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
comment:11 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
- Type changed from task to support
sbg was checking this version - any luck?
comment:12 Changed 12 years ago by mggr
- Resolution set to fixed
- Status changed from assigned to closed
jpeg1 from Rachel's initial email
803 W Sligh Ave is an energy efficient 4bedroom, 2 bathroom home located in Tampa. Don't wait too long. Come schedule your showing today!…More Details
31093 Chesapeak Bay Drive is in a much sought after community with Resort style amenities that welcomes you home to the beautiful Vizcaya open floor…More Details
10860 Standing Stone Drive is in turn-key condition! This fabulous home is in great location and condition. Schedule your showing today!More Details
2581 Calvano Drive is a like new custom home with all the bells & whistles you could dream of. Why not take a look for…More Details
173 Melissa Trail is a turn key 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom property located in a cul-de-sac in Auburndale. Come schedule your showing today!More Details
15905 Benton Court is a spacious and stunning 4 bed, 3 bath home with a private pool in the back! You don't want to miss…More Details
11571 Captiva Kay Drive is a beautiful 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom home in the desirable Rivercrest Community in Riverview. Come schedule your showing today!More DetailsBaby Gym students had water play activities in November, on Thursday 23rd and on Saturday 25th. Water play activities are some of the most fun experiences for infants to help them handle their fear of the water or the coldness of the water. Water play activity will help infants stay healthy and fresh, it also stimulates the motoric skills and encourages the infants’ independence and confidence. They filled a small bucket with colorful plastic balls and played hoops together. Even though some Baby Gym students were still scared, they were willing to try and got into new pool at school and played in the water. They enjoyed the activity very much.Bev – XPO Logistics (2016)
“I would like to say a great big heartfelt Thank you for Saturday night, as expected the Guys were absolutely amazing and the room rocked. I have had nothing but 100% feedback , that was throughout the night and this morning the site is buzzing with talk of the night and a couple of thank you for the best event ever (that’s in 25 years) has dropped on my desk The guys are such professionals, friendly and know just how to guide into what is the best fit for the night and they certainly did that for me on Saturday.”WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
: finest shortage marketing plugin for WordPress. This allows you to show the countdown, lockdown the material until a specific duration. The countdown timers are extremely customizable as it includes numerous styling and alternative to include numerous aspects. If you are selling product or services on your WordPress website, and are not utilizing any form of deficiency to offer them, it’s now the time to utilize a deficiency marketing plugin like Thrive Final notice and take your conversions to the next level – WordPress Themes Available For Pickup.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
This is an excellent plugin to have along with Thrive Designer for e-mail list building, Certified Public Accountant marketers, and individuals who run ads in particular providers who market themselves as establishing conversion friendly themes, ought to have fast filling themes. Note: You know what? My website do not have CDN allowed and likewise using resource hungry SSL certificate on my site.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
I’m using FocusBlog theme with on my website. The speed of Thrive Themes is almost as fast as that of Genesis Structure. However the fact is that, with Thrive Themes you can eliminate many of the plugins, that you require to use when using Genesis. Here’s the kicker: Once I migrated to Thrive Themes I eliminated most theme that enables the images you submit to be losslessly compressed and this improves the pagespeed of your site.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
The theme handles the compression silently in the background! All the themes likewise feature “Lazy load comments” choice, which speeds up your site further by packing comments on demand. You may think that, as the Thrive Themes and their content builder features tons of components Available For Pickup
As I informed you earlier the theme and the elements packed super-fast and I have actually not expected this! Envision this. You enjoy reading short articles on a mobile phone. You go to an excellent short article. The social share buttons are can be found in the middle of the post and driving you nuts! Seems familiar huh? Do you desire your website to be that irritating to your readers? I wager you won’t wish to. In the last 2 years, as you may currently know, for many of the specific niches, the mobile traffic controls over the desktop traffic.
The mobile-friendly sites also witness greater conversions. All the themes from Thrive are totally responsive. With Thrive Themes, you never ever require to stress about your website being unresponsive. All the aspects perfectly scale as much as match the screen size of any device. If you have multiple columns in your content, then the columns stack on top of each other when the website is filled on a mobile phone with narrow screen – WordPress Themes Available For Pickup.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
In truth, their Thrive Architect is available in with mobile and tablet website builder, that lets you tailor how your site looks in mobile and tablet devices completely. There were various themes like Rise (for material sites), Storied (for grid fans), Pressive (sales pages), Performag, Voice (personal branding), Squared (flat style), Minus (minimalistic theme), Ignition, Luxe, and FocusBlog (for bloggers) theme.
Rather of the themes, they are introducing a style contractor. This allows to build any type of theme, will with drag and drop. When I was composing this post, the Thrive Themes revealed that they are introducing a brand-new theme home builder. I was completely blown away by seeing the power of this brand-new style contractor.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
This plugin opens you unlimited possibilities to design your site in every element you can envision. All these themes come with at least 2 updates per month (if not more). The Thrive Themes is now more advanced with added functions than I initially bought them. Thanks to the quick updates by the Thrive Themes. WordPress Themes Available For Pickup.
That too, with no page refresh. Here’s the style choices showdown! In the section, there are alternatives for you to publish the logo design (no need to CSS code the logo like that of Genesis or submit the logo file utilizing FTP), set logo position, insert copyright or footer text easily with no coding things.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
In the, there are alternatives like grid design, complete width, and 4 more design options. There are 6 color pattern you can select from. However, I personally feel that using a visual color picker to set the color plan would be fantastic. I’m anticipating this function theme files or any external plugins for placing code.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
There’s no requirement to install plugins for placing headers and footers. Under the, there are alternatives for you to compress the images automatically, lazy load remarks, and likewise choice to instantly resize the images as you upload. The lazy load comments allow the pages with great deals of comments to pack quicker.
In the, you can set the theme to highlight the author’s comments, enable or disable remark count, and also the date. If you wish, you can likewise enable the display screen of Facebook remarks without making use of a separate plugin for displaying it. You can likewise approve some users on your site the benefits to moderate talk about your website– without using any plugin.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
You can likewise set these social buttons to be shown in the footer section of your site. You can likewise display the CTA text or the share count for the buttons to increase the social shares on your blog site. There are likewise options for you to tailor the and also the functionality.
In case of making minor CSS changes, you can make use of the “custom-made CSS” alternative show my brand.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
Many individuals do not understand the truth. L ike that of some other style suppliers, with Thrive Themes you need not spend for the membership yearly (WordPress Themes Available For Pickup). With Thrive Themes, for each purchase you get life time updates and 1 year of complimentary support. This is fantastic. price, the features that Thrive Themes include, are excellent. In this section, let us discuss about any discounts and vouchers Thrive Themes offers.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
Thrive Themes does not provide any discounts on any of its products. They likewise do not run any offers on any other special events like Black Friday – WordPress Themes Available For Pickup. So, you require to pay their regular rate for all their items. You can save great money if you handle to get their lifetime deals or yearly strategy in case of Thrive Themes subscription.
You can produce assistance tickets for your queries right inside the dashboard. One of their assistance employee normally react to you within 5 hours or even less (my experience). They are extremely well-informed and friendly. The Thrive Themes also have assistance email address, where you can mail them the inquiries for faster reaction. Yes Prosper costs a little bit more, however you get more for it. Plus, Thrive tools are constructed with conversion in mind. They are more marketing-focused whereas Elegant is more concentrated on style elements. When you think about the return on investment, no. That said, like anything, there are constantly little things to keep in mind.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
Elementor does that and, since this writing, Designer does not. To be clear, however, I have actually never felt lack in any method by this due to the fact that Architect does so much already. However, you never ever know what kind of things may come out if designers could put plugins onto Designer. I wish they currently had the universal style all set to go.
However, it isn’t there quite yet. It will be. Assistance is pretty excellent, for the many part. It is all done through an online forum that has both public and personal elements. It works well. That stated, there have been times where I believed the person responding to the ticket was a little too templated in their action and was providing me generic responses.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
One time I reported a bug with Designer that was keeping me from utilizing shortcodes from Membermouse as button links. They validated it … and fixed it in a later release of Architect. So, they certainly take note. I have actually also seen a little bit of code bloat with pages constructed with Architect.
nasty code in there sometimes. This is simply me being a little a perfectionist, however. In the end, it doesn’t slow down the site and everything works in different internet browsers. Because that is the objective of a page home builder, it does that job well. If I were to hand-code it, however, it would be thinner code.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
When people start with the Online Business Roadmap, in Stage 1 I recommend 3 tools. They are: Solid webhosting (I advise Siteground for that, although recently I changed to WPX Hosting and freakin’ love them.) A strong email list host (and I advise Aweber for people simply starting out) In this post, I wished to make my case as to why – WordPress Themes Available For Pickup.
I hope that experience with me has shown that I never ever suggest something to my readers entirely for that function. I have certain requirements before I ever advise something – among them being my own personal experience. If I would not buy it myself, I might never recommend it to you.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
> – WordPress Themes Available For Pickup. But, by then, you’re not far from the cost of the membership so that’s the suggested method to go. Nothing in my training requires making use of Thrive tools. You can, of course, pick any tools you want to do the job.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
Either a subscription plugin or something like Easy Digital Downloads. Other than that, though, you can quickly just put a sock in future purchases and not invest any more cash on tools for rather some time. You will have access to whatever you need. If you have any questions about any of this, do not be reluctant to contact us.
Look over assistance for you as you utilize these tools – WordPress Themes Available For Pickup.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
If you’re an online entrepreneur who utilizes WordPress, you’ve most likely found out about Thrive Themes. However in case you’re not familiar, the special selling proposition of Thrive Themes is that they build “conversion-focused” themes and plugins for WordPress websites. In this Thrive Themes evaluation, I’ll explain everything you need to understand about Thrive Themes, and precisely what you get when you acquire a Thrive Themes subscription.
No matter your reason for reading this post, something is sure: you want a professional looking, conversion-focused blog. Behind every effective WordPress website, there’s a quality style– but it can be hard to select from amongst the countless various WordPress themes out there. Thankfully, Thrive Themes does a great job of balancing design and compound, making it a strong all-in-one service for niche websites.
WordPress Themes Available For Pickup
Here’s why Thrive Themes is the right choice for the job! Yes, there are lots of exceptional WordPress themes out there, however Thrive Themes is quickly the very best all-in-one solution for affiliate marketers, specific niche site owners, and blog writers. With its conversion-focused abilities, Thrive Themes is a no-brainer for your WordPress site.Nyarugusu refugee camp, Tanzania - The risk of sexual violence among Burundian women and girls in Tanzania’s Nyarugusu refugee camp is being driven up by the scarcity of firewood used for cooking, adding to an already high level of sexual gender-based violence in the camp, according to the International Rescue Committee (IRC). One refugee recounted her experience while holding back tears. She recalled being grabbed by a man with a knife while collecting firewood. Can talks lead to peace in Burundi? The mother-of-three, who fled Burundi in May last year after her husband was killed, managed to escape when other Burundian refugees came to her aid. She said she was saved by the grace of God. According to the IRC, on average, two to three women report being raped each week in incidents relating to collecting firewood up to 15 kilometres outside the camp. Staff working in the camp say that due to the stigma associated with sexual violence, they believe the number of cases that go unreported is much higher. Juliette Delay, spokeswoman for the IRC, said: "Women face particularly high risks each day, travelling long distances in the blazing heat outside the camp to fetch firewood just to feed their children." When Burundians began seeking refuge in Tanzania at the outset of political violence last year, Nyarugusu became one of the largest refugee camps in the world. By September last year, it had reached three times its capacity with more than 150,000 people (PDF), but overcrowding eased slightly with the opening of two more camps, Nduta and Mtendeli, as Burundians continued to flee. According to the latest UNHCR data, there are currently some 137,000 people in Nyarugusu, more than 73,000 of whom are Burundian and the rest from the Democratic Republic of Congo. There are a further 66,000 Burundians in Nduta and Mtendeli refugee camps. Apart from the increased risk of sexual attacks, the lack of alternative sources of fuel and cooking stoves has also meant that the surrounding area has been exhausted of resources, which has put a strain on both the camp’s population and the environment. The UNHCR said in a statement to Al Jazeera that a plan has been developed to "introduce an alternative source of cooking fuel" but "increased funding is critical to initiate the roll-out of this strategy and to scale up activities across all three refugee camps". MORE: Escaping Burundi: Life in refugeI earned a degree in chemical and biological engineering from the Colorado School of Mines. Being an engineer is in my blood; I am constantly coming up with possible solutions to everyday problems, inquiring about physical phenomena, spending hours each day reading and researching topics in the sciences, and actively seeking ways to challenge myself.
Between 2011 and Mid-2013 I worked as an undergraduate researcher in one of my school’s labs. I conducted research on the rheology of biopolymers and the effects various salts have on biopolymer viscosity throughout a range of applied shear rates. If you would like to explore my research on biopolymers further, please feel free to read “Altering the viscosity of cationically modified cellulose polymers by the addition of salt” (DOI: 10.1002/app.41616).
I currently work as a process design engineer.2017-09-01
241
A growing number of drivers pay more and more attention to the heat dissipation performance of best car dash cam, as dash cam with poor heat dissipation will cause much unnecessary trouble to the drivers.
Firstly, excessive temperature will produce an effect on image sensor and lens performance, lead to the unclear video;
Secondly, in severe cases, it will even cause the death and downtime during the shooting process.
GS65H is the first dual lens dash cam launched by Azdome. It combines Novatek96655 chip and Sony IMX323 sensor; besides, it max supports 64GB TF card and supports multi-language including Polish and Russian, etc; the video resolution can reach 1920*1080P/30fps in single camera mode, and 1440*1080i+720P in dual camera mode.
In addition, the same as DAB211, GS65H also has powerful heat dissipation function, as is well-known that GS65H is a dual lens dash cam and the power dissipation is relatively high compared with other single lens dash cams. Therefore, Azdome specially designed numerous heat emission holes on both sides of the best car dash cam and around the front camera. These heat emission holes will effectively transfer the internal heat to the outside, which can release the heat produced due to excessive power consumption to ensure the normal operation of the dash cam, further avoid the death phenomenon of dash cam because of excessive heat in the case of long-time operation.
Will you choose this best car dash cam?
Editor's Recommendations：
1080p 60fps dash cam
best usb c dockHome | Sitemap | Contact Us | Translate
BI-DISTRICT OAP CHAMPS!
Congratulations Silent Sky Cast & Crew
Take me out to a ballgame... Softball & Baseball Season just around the corner!
Mark Your Calendar (click to see more details in calendar listing)
Mar 18-22: Spring Break
Mar 28: College & Career Fair-9am-11:15am
Band Concert-6pm
Mar 29: District UIL Speech & Debate
Mar 30: District UIL Academics
Important Documents
The mission of Lago Vista High School is to use the four years allotted to teach, motivate, and challenge each student to rise to the highest level of academic excellence possible in a premiere learning environment. All graduates will leave our school with the ability to live and work as compassionate citizens and mature, effective adults. We are committed to sending into the world individuals who use problem-solving skills to impact their community in a responsible manner.
Copyright © Lago Vista Independent School District {{YEAR}}. All rights reserved.
ezTaskTitanium TMCategories
Archives
Syndication refugee crisis are impacting international affairs more broadly. He is in conversation with World Affairs CEO Jane Wales.
We want to hear from you! Please take part in a quick survey to tell us how we can improve our podcast:As we all know that Xiaomi has been working on its new flagship device MI 7 which was scheduled to be launched on MWC 2018 event. In between this, there is a rumor about the launch of Redmi Note 5, earlier people assume Redmi 5 plus to be the replacer of Redmi note 5 but according to the rumor, the company will be releasing Redmi Note 5 before MWC 2018 Event.
Here are the full Specifications:
By the Rumors, we have full Leaked (by China’s 3C) specifications of the new Redmi Note 5 which is going to be released soon.
Here are the full Specifications:
->Display:- 5.99 inches 18:9 full HD screen.
->Processor:- Qualcomm Snapdragon 630.
->Ram:- 3GB and 4GB.
->Storage:- 32GB and 64GB.
->Android:- Android Oreo (8.0) with MIUI 9.
->Battery:- 3790mAH.
->Rear Camera:- 16+5 MP Dual Rear Camera with LED Flash.
->Front Camera:- 8MP Camera.
->Sensors:- Facial Recognition, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient Light sensor, FM.British American Tobacco is the second largest tobacco producer worldwide (just behind Philip Morris). It has announced on August 31st a large reorganisation of its organization to encourage a faster development of electronic cigarettes sales. BAT is already the leader in around 50 countries. And it intends to take advantage of this organization change to become one of the largest producers of electronic cigarettes. And therefore hopes to catch up with its rival, Philip Morris International which is ahead in the race.
British American Tobacco owns several large tobacco brands such as Lucky Strike, Kent or Dunhill. It has expanded its product line to electronic cigarettes since 2015. This development follows the popularity increase of the e-cigarette around the world. But it also goes hand in hand with a global decrease in tobacco products sales over the same period.
The reorganization that is currently implemented is linked to the acquisition of its American competitor Reynolds which took place last July, for around 50 billion dollars.
This purchase has enabled BAT to acquire the cigarette brand Camel and the Vuse e-cigarettes. Vuse products join BAT’s existing e-cigarette product line made of Vype
and Glo.
BAT’s goal: become a vaping leader
BAT strongly wishes to become the “first international vaping company” and is looking to reach out to the public with their e-cigarettes which are increasingly presented as an alternative to tobacco products. E-cigs belong to these “next-generation products” the company wishes to place at the heart of its strategy. Indeed, governments and the FDA in the US show a growing hostility towards tobacco. With Philip Morris, BAT is one of the first tobacco companies tht entered the emerging e-cigarette market.
You must log in to post a comment.What is the Most Important Information in Finding a Penny Stock Watch That is Worth Buying?
There may be millions of penny stocks available at any given time. Even the most diehard penny stock enthusiasts would say the vast majority of the stocks are worth nothing. They’re like owning money in a country that no longer exists. The current value of the stock has very little to do with how much it will be worth, especially when it’s below a dollar share. At that level, everything is on a pretty even playing field as far as its value goes. So how can a penny stock watch investor tell if one stock is worth buying over another?
The simple answer is research. The potential investor looks at the company’s numbers and sees if the company is worth following. The most pertinent information is if the company is making money. It may be a very small amount of money per year. But, the difference between making a small amount of money and losing a small amount of money is massive. Any business needs to take huge leaps and strides to actually be cash flow positive, and that should never be taken for granted even if the amount is low.
That is not the only consideration, and many amateur investors do overvalue the net cash flow. Though it is easily the most important factor, investors should also look at the people. Who is involved with the company? What kind of track record or personality do they have? This is all information that can contribute to the overall quality of the investment. The old cliché of business goes, “it is an investment in the people just as much as it is the company.”
Investors may also want to look at the assets that are involved. For example, does the company have a patent? A patent on a technology could potentially be worth millions of dollars. If a company is only using a technology, but they do not have a patented, they are losing out on a huge income source, i.e royalties and licensing. The value of the penny stock really does not tell an investor very much. It is the people involved, the assets the company has, and if they are making money right now.CARCare 2.1 - Detailed description page
CARCare tracks service history, fuel, and total automotive costs. Setup preventive maintenance tasks and reminders will appear at the appropriate intervals. Includes approximately 50 different reports, data import/export features, and much more. FREE to Download and try for 30 days.
Keywords: car, vehicle, auto, maintenance, service
Recent Changes: Not Established
Install Support: Install and Uninstall
Supported Languages: English
Additional Requirements: Not Established
Home | Featured | Submit | Link To Us | Contact Us | FAQ | About Us | Advertise
Copyright © 2006-2019, by Software Download, All rights reserved. Privacy statement | Terms of use10 Important Advantages of a Custom Platform
When it comes to expanding your manufacturing work space, a custom platform is a quick, easy, and relatively inexpensive solution. Utilizing the space above your current processing line can save you thousands, if not millions, in expansion costs.
But what type of overhead platform should you purchase?
Many companies offer out-of-the-box solutions you can purchase and install yourself. These platforms tout ease-of-use, lower costs, and less down time than a custom-designed overhead platform, and promise to be in stock and ship quickly. They seem like the perfect solution.
There are some huge downsides to out-of-the-box overhead platform systems, though – many you won’t discover until it’s too late, including lesser quality material, lower load rates, and run the risk of being installed incorrectly.
Custom Platform Advantages
So why should you purchase a custom designed overhead platform? The following advantages speak for themselves:
- Custom sizes, shapes, and load bearing rates to fit your exact need;
- Higher quality construction for lasting durability;
- Expert installation to guarantee safety and security;
- Engineered to fit around your current processing line without the need to move equipment;
- Floor slab capacity tested and improved for the increased weight of the platform;
- Increased employee safety measures and OSHA compliant;
- Installation around your schedule to minimize downtime;
- Equipment work stations integrated into platform design; and
- Non slip coating applied to staircases, flooring, and handrails.
The Greatest Advantage
The greatest advantage of a custom overhead platform, though, is having access to a platform expert, guaranteeing your platform is installed correctly and securely, taking your floor slab capacity into account.
Out-of-the-box platform solutions often don’t ensure that you have tested your floor slab capacity — which is one of the most important factors you need to consider when installing a platform or mezzanine.
Failing to test your floor slab capacity can lead to disaster, injury, and costly repairs. Working with a custom platform manufacturer will guarantee your floor slab capacity has been determined.
Meeting Your Needs
Don’t get caught with a less-than-desirable overhead platform. A custom designed and installed platform will exceed all of your needs and prove to be the longer-lasting, more durable choice. The options of configurations and sizes alone will prove to be a huge benefit when considering an overhead platform for your plant.Prejudice in America Has Re-Awakened Anti-Semitism
Kahntentions
Gilbert N. Kahn is a professor of Political Science at Kean University.
There is an underlying tension which has filled America since the 2016 presidential campaign but has been present since at least the 2008 election of Barack Obama. The long, ugly history of American racism has reappeared and grown. As some analysts have observed, much of the not articulated opposition to Obama emanated from deep-seated hostility towards African Americans or rejection of the thought of a Black American president. What the Trump campaign did was to exploit this pent-up anti-Black feeling among many Americans. (Trump also buttressed this same group’s belief that America should not be governed by a woman.)
In Donald Trump these Americans had a candidate and then a President who saw America as they did; a country that was becoming too Black and too Brown. It is not only Trump’s style and bullying to which they gravitated, but it is also his pro-white message. These basic prejudices which are part of American history were blatantly and brilliantly exposed on television in the 1970’s by Archie Bunker and All in the Family. Trump successfully brought back all this ugliness in America, that had been latent for an entire generation. It gave his supporters license to express their feelings.
In addition to these prejudices, plus sexism and homophobia, the past 18 months have seen a normalization in America of anti-Semitism which had not been present for decades. The proliferation of candidates for office who have espoused anti-Semitism keeps increasing. Only last week, in a race for the Missouri State House, Steve West was selected as the Republican nominee. In discussing Jews on his radio show last year West had stated that: “Looking back in history, unfortunately, Hitler was right about what was taking place in Germany.” The State Republican Party has disassociated themselves from him and his views, but West won the nomination handily.
Most of the major television and cable channels have carried stories on the growing anti-Semitism in this mid-term election cycle. The problem, however, is two-fold. First, it confirms that the anti-Semites have re-emerged along with the other prejudices. There is clearly an audience and a market for these candidates. Together with all the other hatred and bigotry that has been present over the past few years, being anti-Semitic once again is acceptable to many people.
Second, there are already anti-Semitic candidates on the ballot in the November elections. While these candidates are largely Republicans, it is unlikely that any party would tell its supporters to vote for the candidate of the other party. They may repudiate the candidate, but they will not take the step to prevent their candidate from a possible victory.
In addition, it is important to recognize that state and county parties recruit and cultivate candidates to run for electoral office. It ought to be the mandate of all parties to prevent any candidates who espouse prejudices and biases to be nominated. They clearly should be opposed by all parties party in such an effective manner –including with funding–that they are unable to win a nomination.
Finally, with the growth of anti-Semitism which has been manifested in this year’s mid-terms, there is a segment of the American people who accept and even encourage it. Anti-Semitism like other prejudices has risen up again. This is dangerous and scary, and will not end well.Farmworkers wear face masks while harvesting curly mustard last week in Ventura County. The state allows union representatives to visit them on farm properties and California and the Biden administration wants it to stay that way in a case before the Supreme Court.Patrick T. Fallon / AFP via Getty Images
Reversing former President Donald Trump’s position, the Biden administration is backing California in a Supreme Court case by growers challenging state regulations that allow union representatives onto their property to talk to farmworkers during nonworking hours.
The Trump administration told the court on Jan. 7 that the California Agricultural Labor Relations Board’s rules authorize outsiders to “physically invade the employers’ land” and violate their property rights. But in a Feb. 12 filing, President Biden’s Justice Department said the federal government has changed its position and said union representatives’ “temporary and limited access” does not necessarily violate the landowners’ rights. Any such claims must be evaluated case by case, the department said.Sponsored by Nordskog #ad
ABOUT THE BOOKS (1417 pages):
ABOUT THE AUTHOR:
John Eidsmoe brings to this study the combined disciplines of the soldier, jurist, theologian, and historian. A retired Lt. Colonel in the Air Force and a Colonel in the Alabama State Defense Force, Eidsmoe is an Adjunct Professor for the Oak Brook College of Law & Government Policy, for the Handong International Law School in South Korea, and for the Institute of Lutheran Theology.
Once your REVIEW of this book is DONE -
PLEASE CLICK this LINK and Post your review to this site on AMAZON....
THANKS let me know if you need additional help. THANKS for your reviews.
Views: 178
Blog Snippet:.
Blog Link:...
Also posted to Goodreads, Amazon, B&N, and Deeper Shopping.
This review may also be found at the following places: Amazon, Goodreads, Barnes and Noble,
Hi, Everyone;
Once your REVIEW of this book is DONE PLEASE CLICK this LINK and Post your review to this site on AMAZON....
THANKS let me know if you need additional help. THANKS for your reviews.
nora@bookfunmagazine.com
Posted to Amazon:
As someone who has worked in law enforcement for many years, I have always been interested in the law and its origins. For the first time, I have found a comprehensive resource on the subject in the “Historical and Theological Foundations of Law.”
The 3-book series cover every aspect of how law has been created. It is a massive work detailing the development of law from ancient civilizations (Egyptian, Chinese, Mesopotamian, Indian, Polynesian, Mayan, etc.) through to the American development of law based on the United States Constitution. The author convincingly contends that there are universal features within each legal system that points to a nonnatural source for human law; in other words, the law points to the existence of a Creator God.
I am sure I will return to this resource over and over again in preparing lesson plans, essays, Bible studies and more from now on. I highly recommend this set to anyone with an interest in law, public service, history, or the Bible.
I was given these books by bookfun.org and Nordskog Publishing in exchange for my honest review.
I have blogged my review of this collection and posted my review on Amazon.
Review:
Laws are everywhere. Every society has law in some form. Where did law come from? Is there something innate in man or is their a higher source of law? Eidsmoe answers these kinds of questions as a result of his investigating the legal systems of ancient and modern societies. over 1,400.
I received a complimentary copy of this set through The Book Club Network. My comments are an independent and honest review.
Link to my blogged review:
Thanks for the review Joan Grin!
Here's my review ~ sorry it took longer to read than I estimated!
Posted on Amazon (pending) and my blog Blooming with Books
Historical and Theological
Foundations of Law
By John Eidsmoe
If you are looking for something to read that has some depth and educational values I highly recommend this book. Well, books is a more accurate description as this is a 3 volume set. Volume 1 covers Ancient Wisdom, Volume 2 Classical and Medieval, and Volume 3 Reformation and Colonial.
This set covers law in such a way that the reader is taken on a journey of world history with law being the thread that is followed from the earliest recorded moments of humanity up to the modern legal structures upon which America was founded (yes, I realize that to some the 18th Century is not considered modern) The rise and fall of nations is contrasted with what we know of their legal system and their commonly held beliefs in God or in gods.
Homeschoolers, if you are looking for a suggestion in regards to a textbook or a supplement to an existing course on world history and government I personally believe this would be an excellent choice. This would be a great addition to any home, school or church library. Believe me when I say this is one set you'll want to re-read and take notes.
I was provided a copy for review purposes by the publisher through TBCN with no expectations of a positive review. All opinions expressed are my own.
Thanks for the review Meagan!
Historical and Theological Foundations of Law by John Eidsmoe
This detailed history of civilization is a three-volume set that contains six books: Vol. I, Ancient Wisdom (Book I, The Foundation, and Book II, The Cornerstone); Vol. 1I: Classical and Medieval (Book III, The Structure: Classical Legal Systems, and Book IV, The Centerpiece: The Common Law); and Vol. I1I, Reformation and Colonial (Book V, The Pinnacle: Constitutionalism, and Book VI, The Beacon: Spreading Constitutionalism). This is like taking a yearlong college course. I learned so much. The author includes the latest historical information and connects various societies to God’s truth. I found it fascinating to discover so much treasure within these 1,400 pages. He also explains the knowledge the founders of America based their beliefs on. Extensive quotes from ancient works enhance the commentary (and sometimes overwhelm the reader). I recommend this resource for understanding world history and the way humans build upon the past. A must-have for homeschoolers in high school and for college students. It is written from a Christian worldview and theorizes that early cultures worshipped one God before developing polytheism, with evidence to support this claim. I received a copy from Book Fun Club. All opinions are my own.
Sorry it took so long to work my way through it but I read it all, even footnotes. I posted reviews on Amazon and FB.
THANKS Mary for the review!
© 2019 Created by Phred St Laurent.
Badges | Report an Issue | Privacy Policy | Terms of ServiceLets look into…
Etoro Vs Crytopay….Concerns that i hear from new investors what if you’re brand new to investing you merely don’t want to choose what you in fact want to invest and you desire somebody to do it for you there’s only a number of manner ins which that can happen the first off you can hire an investment portfolio supervisor they’ll usually charge a rather a high premium to do that perhaps a couple of percent of your profits obviously cfds are ways of investing
financier, market, cost, time, broker, deposit, trade, accounts, review, leverage, crypto, worth, funds, performance, trades, stocks, properties, markets, copy, service, spread, demo, access, withdrawal
high danger, trading cfds, social trading, retail financier accounts, demo account, previous performance, social trading platform, minimum deposit, company combination, usa llc, trading platform, regulative.
with not actually having the total of capital so with anything that you’re discovering please do study the platform don’t just presume since i utilize it that you can use it right now do some due diligence have a little play around with it even invest with virtual cash they consider that choice as well so you actually choose to in this particular video we’re speaking about how to copy other individuals’s financial investments with your cash so obviously your capital is at risk and we have to bear that in mind do not simply do something because that person has actually stated they’ve made revenue 14 months in a row purchase these choices because you think is the ideal ones for you which do not usually get that insight from a great deal of platforms and the other advantage is these copy portfolios are copy trading and so that indicates with our money we can in fact say i wish to do exactly what that trader is doing or match that specific portfolio of alternatives and basically every time they make a trade they purchase they offer whatever they do your money will be imitated with it so that indicates if for instance 10 of their financial investment portfolio remains in tesla guess what you’ll now be investing 10 of your money in so we’re going to likewise cover is the charges involved truly cost websites then may not charge you for actually buying and selling funds or etfs specific products individual stocks.
framework, future outcomes, user score, virtual portfolio, complex instruments, cryptocurrency trading, etoro platform, etoro account, client service, popular investor, unified states, cfds work, etoro review, genuine money, copy trading, credit card, etoro demo account, trading fees, unpredictable instruments. two free trade anyone at all this is standard they have actually i expect stuck with whatever cost they charge for that conversion rate you type of have to accept you know if you wish to use give me us dollars instead you have to pay their costs now the fantastic thing about though when you have actually converted additional charges so that’s actually good utilizing that part of their website will not certainly limit you in any way nevertheless we have to be aware of two other charges the very first being what’s called spread costs alright and i’m going to reveal you what i indicate on now a spread charge as i’m going to show you
on is essentially the difference that is part of the investment platform between the buy price and the list buy as you can see it’s not the rate you’re seeing up here let me reveal you that again so the present every time you do a purchaser’s share so keep that in mind certainly it’s more pricey to purchase than it is to sell sell it and that is how they make a bit of money on those spread fees it’s normally extremely little it could be a matter of pens matter of cents in there but transaction in the same day fine there’s then an overnight cost charged or even if you go from the friday to the monday before cruising a weekend fee now this only applies to cfds so if you’re in fact buying out the etf the stock the commodity and using time one utilize which means you’re actually purchasing the specific possession rather than utilizing leverage anyhow you will not get hit with these fees but these fees are if you’re using utilize and cfds and after that you’re going to have these fees if you’re not buy offering in the very same day so let’s say if you go upon what you are investing in too this is on your own so keep that in mind however complete costs are entirely within their assistance information okay and we discussed as well different ways of in fact utilizing these copy functions they do not have any additional charges on top of the regular fees that
exist now what you need to bear in mind though is these possibly managed by other individuals completely or in some cases have created portfolios you’ve got a real person doing the management you need to ensure you pick the person that’s right for you just like any kind of work this is your financial possessions so we absolutely need to make sure it’s the right individual for us before simulate as if you are using your own money but actually purchase pretend buy copy individuals whatever you like if you’re not
diversity, policy s-x, cfd trading, dividends,
feeling comfy with using your real money perhaps this is an excellent choice for you once again to test the theories okay you might wish to purchase tesla or apple or this etf why not use the virtual alternative as a method to kind of safe have fun with it obviously you may have missed out on gains and losses during that time naturally if you had actually invested your real cash it enables you to build implies am i alright with possibly losing an excellent quantity of this investment or getting as
etoro, trading, account, platform, traders, cash, danger, trader, financial investment, portfolio, cryptocurrency, fees, cfds, cryptocurrencies, financiers, users Etoro Vs Crytopay
well now keep in mind everything is ups and downs you will earn money you’ll lose money that’s why they make the statistic 75 people will lose cash however that similarly implies they’ll lose eventually in their journey undoubtedly individuals do earn money also and i have actually got videos all about how you can ensure you’re one of individuals to really make money however in this situation make certain you research your danger level would you be all right giving your money to somebody else which is effectively what you’re doing and trusting them make certain you comprehend what they’re purchasing fully if you’re someone who isn’t wishing to be that dangerous do not pick somebody who’s completely into crypto or currency conversion think of it you ‘d probably want a backbone of strong commodities
currency sets, shares, diversify, contract for distinction, property classes,
like gold and even oil plus more traditional lot of options and you can use the system to really look for someone that you fancy actually following so let’s see possibly we desire somebody from united kingdom um who invests in let’s see who does etfs they’ve acquired at least 10 yeah that sounds reasonable that sounds a great quantity and i can discover everybody who has met that requirements and it does give you a risk element too so it tends to be the higher the number the more riskier they are with their stock investing now obviously there are a number of people that have rather high returns
remember it resembles anything to do with the news or forecasts validate excellent to know ibm paypal yep she’s certainly like kind of into those blue box and the tech industry she’s got some of mine actually business and you have actually got you know pharmaceutical and production business as that. Etoro Vs Crytopay.
diversify your portfolio, margin, etoro (uk) ltd, copy trading, cryptocurrency exchanges, cryptocurrencies, ecn, fund manager, etf, coinbase,, liquidity, indexes, market orderNow that more of the London Marathon stats have had time to settle, I have had a chance to look at the stats from the race and see how the heat may or may not have affected the performances of the 40,273 finishers.
If you look at the stats below you will see the stats for the four hottest years on record for the race , 1996, 2007, 2011 and 2018 (final temp is yet TBC but is showing as 24.1). As I mentioned in my pre race article, it seems that in the past a warm race doesn’t massively affect the percentage of finishers.
London Marathon Temperatures 1981 to 2018
As Hugh Brasher, Event Director, stated in the press release of 23rd April not only did the event see its highest number of finishers but the number of DNFs was only 169 higher than in 2017.
The 2018 race percentage finisher rate was slightly down on previous years but again, if you look at that as an overall percentage this doesn’t to me seem like a massive difference.
However take a look at the finishing times. Now I’m not going to tell you that this is high level statistics and there may well be people out there much better qualified than I to analyse the results but just as a simple approach I looked at ten years of results (all that are still available) and took the 10th, 25th, 50th, 75th and 90th percentile finisher times. So for example with 40,273 I looked at the 4,027th finisher to give the 10th percentile place and so on. I was hoping to see whether there is any sort of link between the temperatures for the race and the performances of these percentile points or not. I was also interested to see whether there was any link between the general trend for one percentile point and others in the same year.
London Marathon Finishers Percentile 2009 to 2018
And my broad analysis is…….. Yes the hot race in 2018 showed much slower times for all data points than previous years. The 10th and 25th percentile mark had been on an improving trend until this year; whereas the 50th, 75th and 90th percentile points seems to have varied quite a bit with no significant data trend.
One thing we do know is that the number of ‘fast finishers’ ie subs 2.20 / sub 2.30 was much higher at the race in the 1980s than now. An Athletics Weekly article from 2016 demonstrates a number of stats on these benchmarks for British runners but looking at the times for the 10th and 25th percentile finisher times I wonder where general trend is for improvement is coming from?
My only suggestions are two fold. The first is that we seem to be having another running boom over the past few years and that is bringing more people into the sport. The second could be the improvement in the standards of other big city marathons in the UK. I have been a runner since the early 1980s and there were no shortage of big city marathons at that time but when you look at the professionalism of the big races now being staged (Brighton, Manchester, Bournemouth etc) it is allowing more runners to race to their potential and thus create a wider base of faster running talent in the UK.
When I look back over what I have written above I’m not sure that I’ve come up with any definitive answers nor solved the ‘big’ questions about the state of distance running. I do however hope that like many runners, a bunch of stats may be of interest to you! One thing is for sure – the heat of 2018 has not deterred a record 414,168 people from applying for the ballot for 2019. Maybe just getting into the race is the hardest part……
Enjoy your running – whatever the pace
Mike
London Marathon Applicants, Successful applicants, Starters and Finishers 1981 to 2018IoT gets smarter but still needs backend analytics
3 September 2018 | 0 centre. And that is largely correct, in many cases, but it is increasingly not the whole story – IoT endpoints are getting closer and closer to the ability to do their own analysis, leading to simpler architectures and more responsive systems.
It is not the right fit for every use case, but there are types of IoT implementation that are already putting the responsibility for the customising their own metrics on the devices themselves, and more that could be a fit for such an architecture.
“Applying the lessons learned from sophisticated ML is easy enough, but some parts of the ML process are much too computationally rigorous to happen at most endpoints”
There are three main areas where letting the endpoint do its own data analysis, in whole or in part, is becoming increasingly common, namely smart cities, industrial settings and transportation.
IoT in smart cities
In smart cities smart cameras can do certain kinds of analysis right there on the device, helping planners understand pedestrian and motorised do not change their instructions, but that they provide information that can be used by a more powerful back-end to customise is not going to work. Each intersection needs its own rubric. Yet the AI training that is needed to come up with them requires heavier computational lifting than the cameras alone can provide, so it must be done somewhere in the back end. The cameras themselves can apply the lessons learned by the AI model, but they need more powerful hardware to intelligently change the instructions they US.
“Ten years ago, the state of technology for doing proactive and predictive failure detection … wasn’t exactly a life-changing kind of technology,” Biron said. It was largely a human-intelligence-driven process that relied on a technical specialist’s intimate knowledge of how the industrial components worked. Based on that knowledge, rules for detecting the parameters that predict impending failure could be hard-coded into even the “dumbest” of endpoints.
The real challenge comes when there’s no one person familiar with the critical confluence of indicators that predicts a problem in the offing. For this, you need machine learning, and more specifically, a machine-learning model that can score data inputs versus outcomes and sift out which data points are the most important to making the predictions. That is computationally expensive, according to Biron, limiting its ability to be handled on endpoints.
“Once you’ve created the model, however, now you’ve got something very lightweight to score against; now this model can be fed real-time or near real-time or microbatches of recent data, and it can be used to make statistical determinations of whether the … predicted event may happen,” he said. “The scoring of the model is cheap, computationally, but the training of the model is expensive.”
Humera Malik, CEO and founder of Canvass Analytics, said that the federation of these endpoints – and anything that’s got a digital sensor connected to it on a factory floor is an endpoint – is critically important in the industrial sector.
“It could be a shaft, it could be a bearing, it could be any of the assets – a turbine, a generator – all of these different assets that then, collectively, are running this process,” she said.
On-device IoT analytics also work well in industrial settings because there, applications of IoT tech tend not to be delay-tolerant. The time it takes for data to leave a device, negotiate a complex network topology and return in the form of corrective instructions can be too lengthy for effective device management.
IoT and smart vehicles
The third, and probably least well-realised, area where endpoint IoT analysis is getting popular is transportation. Hung notes that anything that requires autonomous navigation, be it a drone or a car or anything else, is a great candidate to be a relatively smart IoT endpoint.
Cars have been getting more and more heavily automated and computerised for years, and the advent of widespread IoT has only accelerated the process, as manufacturers build increasingly sophisticated smart safety features into modern vehicles and fleet management gains new tools for maintenance and tracking.
The increasing automation of the automobile is a great example of how this type of semi-autonomous IoT tech is supposed to work, according to Ruhollah Farchtchi, CTO of Zoomdata. “That virtuous cycle of human understanding being translated into algorithms and machine learning being deployed at the edge is a lot more of where we see the edge analytics taking shape and taking form,” he said.
IoT’s future: healthcare, energy
Looking ahead, healthcare and energy production, particularly in the oil and gas industries, are poised to become growth areas for on-device IoT analysis. Hospitals and clinics are crying out for smarter technology, such as the work being done to reduce alarm fatigue and boost interoperability in clinical environments, and having more capable computing technology built into endpoints could be a massive boon to patient care.
That is not to say there are not headaches involved, particularly where the question of machine learning comes in, according to Biron. The requisite back-end for the heavier computational lifting part of the process isn’t as easy to build into a medical facility’s architecture.
“It’s easier to see medium-scale computation happening in an environment like [a factory floor], as opposed to let’s say, a clinic, where a medical device is living – the ability to fold in high-density compute is more limited than with a manufacturing facility,” he said.
The oil and gas industry have particular advantages on that score, however, given the wealth of historical data about exploration and extraction available for use in training machine learning models.
IDG News Service
Subscribers 0
Fans 0
Followers 0
FollowersBlink 182 — Dick Lips (ver 3) Chords
Blink 182 Dick Lips Dude Ranch 1997 MCA Records Submitted by: paramore_fans@yahoo.com Key: A Tuning: Standard EADGBe)After releasing a stellar EP earlier this year titled Rhodes To Success, talented North London based producer Naye Fshr comes through with a new 4-track EP titled Seleção Trio.
Starting with the sound of the Brazilian national anthem as well as a snippet of what I believe is their national football team during the 2002 World Cup, Nathan brings Brazilian samples and incorporates them in some soulful production that reminds me of Sango’s Da Rocinha album series in its use of samples from the South American country. Naye Fshr is however, able to make it into his own, with the same kind of character I felt on his Rhodes To Success project. The way he is able to chop that sample on “Ordem E Progresso” is amazing, with its ethereal synth notes that are backed by gorgeous keys and an infectious beat. “Toque De Samba” is dynamic and brings out an infectious grooves that is brought by the incredible groove that is accompanied at times by percussive elements that bring a raw energy to the track. “Nûmero 10” closes the EP off with a slower paced tempo that is accompanied by beautiful keys and a groovy bassline that commands the rhythm on this track.
Overall, this is an excellent new project from the talented producer and journalist. I’m sure this is only a teaser for what’s to come in 2019, and I’m looking forward to what’s to come next year. Only growth bro! Really on the road to success (pun intended, shut up). Listen to Naye Fshr’s Seleção Trio below via Soundcloud, and don’t forget to support!Determining Whether Your New Business Idea Can Bloom
Determining Whether Your New Business Idea Can Bloom
bloom photoDuring the early days of any new business, there is always some level of uncertainty about whether your business idea is one that can succeed and thrive. This is particularly true if you’re newly unemployed and your idea is your chance to start over. After all, roughly 95% of all startups fail in Australia, and so you need to make sure you dot your i’s and cross your t’s. Here are a few ways that you can help determine whether or not your business has the potential to succeed.
Recent CommentsAbout Jalha (The Japan Legal History Association)
The Japan Legal History Association was formally established on November 23rd 1949, as an association through which researchers occupied with the various aspects of the history of law could congregate and inspire each other. The members' areas of specialization ranged over Japanese, Oriental and Occidental societies, from ancient to contemporary times.
The Association's activities have centered on the conferences -- where the members gather to report on their research and to discuss ideas --, and the publication of the Legal History Review (Hoseishi Kenkyu). The conference held annually in Spring or early Summer. The Legal History Review has been published annually since 1951. The Review has not only contained scholarly articles contributed by current and past members, but also pieces providing a detailed overview of the state of a particular field of study, as well as reviews of important books and articles -- each volume contains several dozens of these reviews --, and a comprehensive bibliography containing books and articles in legal history that were published in the previous year. The bibliography is organized in accordance with the area and period dealt with in each work, and along with the other aspects enumerated above, it has been one of the distinctive features of the Review.
Alongside the above two main lines of activity pursued by the Association as a whole, there are also the activities of the three areal divisions, i.e. the Tokyo division, the Kinki division in the area around Osaka (both of which were founded in 1950), and the Chubu division, founded in 1990, whose center is in Nagoya. Each division has continuously organized study group meetings several times a year on average. On the publication side, the Association has produced such books as Keibatsu to Kokka Kenryoku (Criminal Punishment and State Power) (Sobunsha, 1960), and -- although the Association's name does not appear on the cover -- Kindaiho no Sai-teii (A Repositioning of Modern Law) (Sobunsha, 2001), the latter being a record of the symposium commemorating the Association's 50th anniversary; the Association ordered the special comittee to edit the book of younger members' contribution named Ho no Ryutu (Circulation of Law) for our 60th celebration in 2009.
Moreover, in October 2002 the Association's website was created, and its maintenance has formed an important line of activity. Owing much to the members in charge of its inception, my impression is that it stands out among the websites held by various academic societies, and believe that users of the website would agree. It is possible to obtain information from the website concerning all aspects of the Association's activities that have been enumerated above. Moreover, such features as the table of contents for the Legal History Review, the bibliography on legal history, and the search function usable for all data within the website would be of much use to not only to members, but also to any person seeking bibliographical information related to legal history.
(December 2018)About the Game
Fly, jump and avoid yourself from thorns.
How far and fast can you make it?
While playing you must TAP on screen to avoid thorns and pick up crystals to unlock colourfull characters: rabit, mainer, jelly,ninja, skull, granny, cyclop, pig, smile and others.
Thorn Dash include:
— one tap gameplay.
— A vast selection of characters to unlock.
—Procedurally generated world with over 60 unique levels.
—Battle your friends score with Game Center.
One Comment
Bad Link, possibly not available on App StoreAunt "B" Raspberry Jalapeno Chocolate Chip Cheese Cake
Every family needs an Aunt "B" ....only fitting for Mike's sister Brenda "Weeks" Eversole to take the name.
For more great recipes and award-winning jellies, jams, sauces, and more visit us at
Ingredients
Crust
1 cup Graham Cracker crumbs
3 tbsp sugar
3 tbsp melted margarine
Filling
3-8oz softened Philadelphia Cream Cheese
3/4 cup sugar
3 eggs
1 tsp vanilla
1-1/2 cup Chocolate Chips
1/2 cup Zack's Raspberry Jalapeno Sauce
Directions
Lightly spray springform pan with Pam.
Combine crumbs, sugar and margarine.
Press into springform pan.
Combine cream cheese and sugar. Mix at medium speed until well blended.
Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each one. Blend in vanilla.
Fold in chocolate chips and Zack's Raspberry Sauce.
Pour over crust. Bake at 450 for 8 minutes reducing to 250 for 35 minutes.
Loosen cake from rim of pan, cool before removing rim. Chill
Garnish with RaspberriesAbuse allegations made by Hanson James alias ‘Dirty White’, are being investigated.
The disclosure has come from National Security Minister, Hermangild Francis.
‘Dirty White’escaped recently from Bordelais Correctional Facility (BCF) and was recaptured.
He claimed in a telephone interview with local television after his recapture that abuse at the prison pushed him to escape and continued after he was caught.
The inmate used a prohibited mobile telephone to call the TV station from the prison.
“I have heard about some of the claims made by the escapee,” Hermangild Francis told reporters.
Francis said as a result of the claims he has instructed the Police Commissioner to send a high ranking police officer to deal with the matter.
The Minister disclosed that the officer has since interviewed ‘Dirty White’and is compiling a report.
Francis said it was the first allegation of abuse that he has been informed about at the BCF.
“For you to say it is a trend you need to show me the connection that makes it a trend,” he said in response to a reporter’s assertion.
“Dirty White” had been on the run after he escaped prison by jumping the prison’s fence, while on cleaning duty.
The inmate was serving time for stealing and gross indecency.
He had escaped prison previously and it took the authorities two days to recapture him.I’ve been following this thread for a few years now. The FEC has been getting this right for some time now, correctly positing that free speech is free speech, even when it’s political, and that speech doesn’t count as a political contribution. That seems pretty clear, but this ruling confirms it yet again. via @journerdism this time.
FEC elates strange bedfellows with political blogging ruling – ars technicaNew Delhi [India], October 16 (ANI): The book by veteran journalist Prem Prakash on his seventy-year journey as a journalist is the story of the evolution of India and is the juxtaposition of an eye-witness account with an assessment of what the country was at different phases of time, India's High Commissioner to Canada Ajay Bisaria has said.
Speaking at the launch of the book 'Reporting India: My Seventy-Year Journey as a Journalist' for the Canadian audience, he said the book tells the story of India and talks of the "twists and turns we have taken to get this".
He said India is in a comfortable position in the 21st century when much of what will happen in the next few decades "will not only belong to India but will be determined by India".
The author of the book Prem Prakash, who is ANI Chairman, took questions from the panel. Answering a query, he expressed reservations over the manner the US had pulled out its troops from Afghanistan.
"This was not the way to withdraw from a country like that after 20 years of war. When the Soviets withdrew, the withdrawal started and lasted seven months. Decent proper withdrawal. There was a proper ceremony in Kabul and their army moved out of Kabul smartly. But what Biden has done, he has fought the Taliban and handed Afghanistan back to the Taliban. Did he not realise what was going on and would happen? We have all read and now know that his intelligence had told him this can happen and yet he did it," the author said.
Taliban took over control of Afghanistan in August this year, making rapid advance after the withdrawal of US and NATO troops from the country.
The author said he personally feels Afghanistan is heading "towards a terrible period".
He said the Biden administration withdrew troops as a commitment had been made to bring them back.
"Like politicians, he had made a commitment to bring the boys back. Typical American slogan, bring the boys back," he said.
He also referred to Afghanistan as becoming "a victim of the cold war". The author said he is writing a book on the tragedy of Afghanistan.
"I personally feel Afghanistan is heading towards a terrible period. Unless, somehow or the other, countries like ours move in. Afghans have great respect for us," he said.
The author answered questions on a range of subjects covered in the book including on Jawaharlal Nehru and 1962 war with China, the Emergency, the Tashkent Agreement and the death of former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri and the crisis and violence faced by Punjab during the eighties and early nineties.
In his remarks, Ajay Bisaria said the book is a delightful read.
"It's a story in many ways of India. We are celebrating 'Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav' to mark the 75 years of India's independence. So, to me, the narrative of the book runs on two parallel tracks. It is the story of the evolution of India and its several Prime Ministers who form the anchors of the story. And at the same time, it is the story of a remarkable man Prem Prakashji whose professional career spanned seven decades and more who looked at much of these events," he said.
"It's a juxtaposition of an eye-witness account with an assessment of what India was at different phases of time. I find the book fascinating for that reason. It's also a very easy read, comfortably written and comfortably broken into chapters," he added.
The High Commissioner said that it was a pleasure to be able to present the story to the Canadian audience.
"I can only add that on a personal note. I look back, when I read this book, at my own journey in the Government of India for 34 years. So as Prem Prakashji describes each of the Prime Ministers and their peculiarities at particular instances and particular points of history. I came of age in Mrs Gandhi's times and when I joined the government, it was Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's government," he said.
"And thereafter, I have seen this evolve in multiple ways. I have of course worked very closely with Prime Minister Vajpayee in his six years in government as his private secretary. So, there's a great deal of resonance in the story which is so well-told and I think it goes beyond being a story of India. It's also in many ways a universal story. Something that not just Indians abroad but anyone who would like to understand India would like to see and read and get familiar with several of the episodes," he added.
He said as India celebrates 75 years of India, the country is also celebrating 75 years of Indo-Canadian relations.
"This is a very strong partnership between countries which has now reached a point of strategic partnership. We have very strong people-to-people links represented in this panel. I think this is a book which resonates with all of us.
"It tells the story of India and it talks of the twists and turns we have taken to get this, I think, a comfortable position in the 21st century when much of what will happen in the next few decades will not only belong to India but will be determined by India," he said. (ANI)NEWARK, N.J. — two nights. It marked the first time the Stars were shut out.
GOLDEN KNIGHTS 4, SABRES 1
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Marc-Andre Fleury earned his 407th win to tie Glenn Hall for 10th place on the NHL list as Vegas beat Buffalo.
Jonathan Marchessault scored twice and Fleury made 26 saves for the defending Western Conference champions..
Sabres goalie Carter Hutton stopped 25 shots.
RANGERS 3, AVALANCHE 2, SO
NEW YORK (AP) — Kevin Shattenkirk scored the deciding goal in a shootout to lift the Rangers over the Avalanche.
Mats Zuccarello scored for the Rangers in the first round of the tiebreaker, and Mikko Rantanen tied it in the second. Shattenkirk then beat Avalanche goalie Semyon Varlamov in the third round, and.
CANUCKS 3, PENGUINS 2, OT
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Brock Boeser fired a wrist shot by Casey DeSmith’s stick and into the net 34 seconds into overtime to lift the Canucks to a victory over the Penguins..
FLYERS 6, PANTHERS 5, SO
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Jordan Weal scored in the shootout to lift the Flyers over the Panthers.. The Flyers secured the win when Pickard stopped Vatrano.
WILD 2, COYOTES 1
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Eric Staal and Mikael Grandlund scored and Devan Dubnyk stopped 27 of 28 shots to lead the Wild to a win over the Coyotes..
Staal scored the game-winner with 13:42 to play by converting after a mad scramble in front of the net. After Kuemper stopped Ryan Suter’s initial shot, Jason Zucker tapped it across the crease to Staal, who buried it for his second goal of the season.
The Coyotes entered the night having scored just two goals in four games, including three shutout losses. But they opened the scoring midway through the first period when Perlini scored his first of the season on the power play.
LIGHTNING 4, HURRICANES 2
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Tyler Johnson had three goals, Yanni Gourde scored on a power play to put Tampa Bay ahead in the third period and the Lightning beat the Hurricanes.
Johnson scored in all three periods, completing the hat trick on an empty-netter with 1:56 remaining.
After Carolina defenceman.
OILERS 5, JETS 4, OT
WINNIPEG, Manitoba (AP) — Connor McDavid had four points and Darnell Nurse scored his first goal of the season 1:25 into overtime as Edmonton overcame a three-goal deficit to beat Winnipeg.
McDavid scored twice and added a pair of assists for the Oilers, who were down 4-1 to start the third period.
Ty Rattie ignited the comeback when he scored 18 seconds into the third. McDavid got his second power-play goal of the game at 2:28, and Jesse Puljujarvi tied it at 13:39.
Ryan Nugent-Hopkins and Leon Draisaitl each had two assists for Edmonton. Cam Talbot stopped 29 shots in his 200th game with the Oilers.
McDavid set an NHL record by scoring or assisting on his team’s first nine goals to start a season, breaking Adam Oates’ record of seven with Detroit in 1986-87. McDavid has four goals and five assists in four games.
Jets forward Adam Lowry had two goals during a three-minute span in the first period. Mark Scheifele and defenceman Ben Chiarot also scored. Connor Hellebuyck made 30 saves.
——.Spring break, woo hoo!!! I’m spending it by taking care of appointments, visiting with friends and making pizza. Tonight my friend Amber came over to catch up and be my guinea pig for a pizza Andrew wouldn’t touch. Andrew hates mushrooms so I haven’t had the chance to use them as a topping, and having never cooked mushrooms I was really looking forward to trying it. Luckily, Amber said she loves them so they are a key ingredient of tonight’s pizza recipe. I sliced the shrooms and two small zucchinis, then sautéed them with oil and garlic. The topping combo was placed on top of marinara sauce and the fresh mozzarella cheese I used over the weekend. My first attempt to cook mushrooms was a success, this pizza tasted great! Amber seemed to enjoy the pizza as well. I offered to send her home with leftovers but was not offended when she declined because that means I will get to enjoy this pizza again tomorrow!
-Last night I had a dream. Dad was almost dead. He was still conscious, but he could hardly get out of bed. But he got up anyway and he got his saxophone and he played a solo. I couldn’t believe he was doing it, but somehow it seemed right. It seemed like it would kill him. He was holding the notes too long. There was no way he could have that much breath left in him to do that. After he stopped playing he collapsed. He lay on his back on the floor. “There,” he said without opening his eyes.
AdvertisementsAll the World to One Child
Waking up my stomach fills with a pit of anger and regret. Hives and red patches form around my face and chest while thoughts of nerves and what ifs consume my mind. Four-thirty in the morning is much too early to wake up for a trip that I have no desire to go on.
None of my close friends
will be traveling with me,
it takes ten days of
my summer, and how
am I going to have fun
in a country where
I cannot communicate
with anyone because my Spanish
talents are less than superb…
Lazily I finish packing my bags and sprint up the stairs so I am not late to the airport.
Arriving at the airport friends and family surround me jumping up and down with ecstatic looks on their faces…they can’t wait to leave for ten days, but me? I’m not so sure. Blinded by flashes of cameras it seems our mothers have turned into paparazzi’s attempting to get the perfect shot to post on Facebook and Instagram. Meanwhile the teachers swarm the ticket counters like bumble bees around a beehive frantically trying to figure out our flight information. Students from all different grades begin to clump into pods: 2013 Guatemala mission trip, 2014 Honduras Mission Trip, and then there was me… 2015 new to mission trip pod.
Wanting to turn back
I know I made a mistake.
What do I do now?
Dragging my feet I
plop down into my seat
and hope the flight is fast.
Once landed in the Dominican Republic it takes us over an hour to arrive to NPH (the orphanage we will be staying at). Thirty sweaty bodies fill the bus fit for twenty-five. Sweat drips down the side of my face making my hair stick to my forehead like plaster; my legs stick together like a glue stick had just been applied in between them, and I turned into a camel with the need to gulp down water.
Gazing out the window
Poverty fills my vision like I
have never seen before.
Homes made out of nothing
but steel walls and dirt floors,
infants walking with
no parents, and trash
filled streets show me a whole
new world to unearth.
A blue gate guards the insides of NPH; the bus driver hops out of the bus to open the gate and we drive into what seems to be a tiny city. A church, a school, gardens, water towers, medical buildings, parks, a kitchen, and a guesthouse lay on the property. Our guide Lourisha jokes saying, “The only thing we are missing is a bank!” Slowly children surround us; they don’t say anything to us, instead they stare, point, giggle, and whisper to each other. Our group mimics their actions, but in English. I so desperately want to know what they are saying about us, and I’m sure they are wondering the same.
Sleeping is a joke.
tossing, turning, and sweating
is all I can do.
Luckily morning
comes soon enough, but a
warm shower does not.
Our second day of volunteering was the most important to me. It wasn’t because moving the heavy rocks was unbearable, or the tarantulas crawling out of the ground every five minutes, but it was whom I met while doing this. I noticed a shadow behind me, but it wasn’t from the sun. It was from a little adorable, unpredictable, and sweet boy.
“Hola mi nombre
Es Lilly. Tengo diecisiete.
Y tú?” “HoolA! Me
Llamo Luiscito!
Tengo ocho años. Hablas
Divertido! Ha ha”
The way he spoke was so interesting to me; Luiscito would enunciate random letters in all of his words, and it stuck with me. From that point on I had a mini me for the rest of my trip. We stuck together like two peas in a pod and could only be pulled apart when it was time to go to bed. Each day he would run up to me, grab my arm, and yell, “HoolA! VamOnos!” and take me on various adventures throughout NPH. One day he took me to the gardens and the cerdos. “Aguacate, calabaza, melón, naranja, y uvas!” He would excitedly yell out to me as we passed each food. Finally, we made it to the cerdos; snorting, oinking, and laughter filled the air as we snapped some selfies with them
The simplicity
and joy Luiscito brought
to my days gave me
a true happiness
I had never felt before.
Barely communicating
through our languages
a strong bond has been made that
cannot be broken.
Saying goodbye was apart of the trip I had dreaded from the moment I met Luiscito. My body felt heavy with sadness, and tears streamed down my face uncontrollably. The tight embrace of Luiscito was something I never wanted to have taken away.
I worried for his
safety, happiness, and future;
it was hard for
me to realize I
would no longer know what they
he was doing 24/7.
We would be 2, 403 miles apart.
I could feel my self-changing throughout the trip; simples things made me happy, my appearance didn’t matter as much, and materialistic items didn’t bring me joy anymore. Arriving home I knew how different I really was. Walking down to my basement I instantly started crying for I was overwhelmed with all the unnecessary items that filled my home. TV’s, fireplaces, and a huge bed were a waste of money.
“I need this and I need
that.” Those words infuriate
In America
We are so used to
everything being a “need”.
It’s time to reflect.
A need is defined to be something required because it is essential, and a want is to have a desire to possess or wish for something. Before I traveled to NPH I believed anything I wanted was a need. Being back home all I could think about were the kids, and how much I wanted to be back with them. I thought going on a $2,000 senior spring break trip with my friends was a need, but I realized it was barely a want compared to my want to see the kids again.
One boy, ten days, one
trip that was life changing.
One girl must go back.
I am lucky enough to have the opportunity to travel back to NPH this spring break to volunteer and see Luiscito again. He changed who I am and I can’t wait to fulfill my promise of visiting one more time.
“You may be one person
in the world, but you may be the
whole world to one child.”Jah to be artistic and realize you had talent?
I can’t ever remember not drawing or painting. My parents have kept quite detailed drawings from when I was very young; it’s what I enjoyed most. Strangely, even from a young age I drew horses and almost classical figures in armour.
Where did you learn your art?
Murray Gill was a teacher of mine in primary school and when I studied Fine Art I had some excellent lecturers. Mostly I was self-taught though, through trial and error. Everyone needs to find their style and although you can learn certain techniques and tricks it’s best to find things out on your own, I think.
What inspires you most?
History. Animals. Classical portraiture. Textures and the way colours can vibrate when they meet.
What message are you sending to the viewer of your art?
I’m not really sending a message or creating a narrative per se, but I like to hold a feeling when I’m painting, and sometimes it creates an emotional response in the viewer, I’m told. Sometimes the work is a tad dark but in a nicely melancholic, bittersweet way, I hope.
Describe your Studio…
I rented a wonderful 60s studio in a park in Northbridge in the city, which I shared with a few other artists for many years. Called Robertson Park Studio, it was heritage listed as the old City of Perth Band Practice hall, and full of light and space. But since moving to a 35 acre property near Cowaramup 18 months ago, I work from my garage while my studio is slowly getting built next to the house. The garage is not ideal but the environment is so pretty with all the bushland around it, that it makes up for everything. I have beautiful music playing while I work and my rescued rainbow lorikeet, Squishy, sits on my shoulder while I paint, and sings along.
Describe your typical day of creating art…
I’m in the studio by about 8.30am and generally work until midday as the light is better in the morning and it’s cooler. There’s so much work to do on the property that sometimes I find it hard to get into the studio, but I tend not to feel very grounded if I’ve missed a more than a couple of days. I try to be in there every day, even if I’m not feeling inspiration as I read somewhere once that that’s the difference between a serious artist and someone doing it as a hobby. Some good work has come when I’ve not really felt like painting much, but I’ve been just playing and experimenting. I think it’s important to enjoy the process, and not feel anxious about the outcome. The best work happens like that, for me.
What mediums do you use and why?
I use mostly oils but I enjoy acrylics for a change sometimes.
What are you working on now?
I’m working on some small works on wooden blocks. I really enjoy the texture after painting on canvas.
What do you love most about what you do?
I love that I get to work with my imagination and can make my own hours. I’m a bit of an introvert so I like spending time by myself, painting
Where can you see yourself in 10 years time’
Hmmm, that’s a good one. I’d like to take a few years and paint from a studio in Italy, I think Verona would be nice! I have good friends in Italy and I love the lifestyle, and the history is so inspiring to me. I’m getting better at the language so I hope in 10 years I would have mastered all the tenses and be pretty fluent without agonising over it, like I do now. But I’d still like to be based in the south-west, happily in my new studio with Squishy.
Shop Lauren Wilhelm Paintings
- Lauren Wilhelm – Diminuendo$6,200.00– SOLD
- Lauren Wilhelm – Everywhen$6,200.00– SOLD
- Lauren Wilhelm – The Past is Only a Story We Tell Ourselves$6,200.00– SOLD
- Lauren Wilhelm – Presence Of AbsenceSOLD
- Lauren Wilhelm – Who What When Where and Why$5,800.00– SOLD
- Lauren Wilhelm – The Space In Between$4,800.00Jason Witten thinks Dez Bryant is going to sign with the Packers, but Witten was hired by ESPN to be an analyst, not a reporter.
According to Ian Rapoport of NFL Network, the Packers are not expected to sign Bryant.
The Packers did have some interest in Bryant when he was first released by the Cowboys, according to the report. But after the Packers drafted wide receiver J'Mon Moore in the fourth round, wide receiver Marquez Valdes-Scantling in the fifth round and wide receiver Equanimeous St. Brown in the sixth round, that interest waned.
Bryant has had a hard time finding any team willing to sign him. Although he was once among the league’s elite receivers, his production has declined of late, and he hasn’t always been known as the easiest player to get along with, which could scare some teams off. He still has a couple months before training camps open to find a team.Our trip to Harlow Carr
We went to Harlow Carr on the 29th March. It was a fun day where we were allowed to explore the gardens, find the golden easter bunnies, play on the parks and we even learnt about the different trees with the help of the centre staff.
We had so much fun and the pictures below definitley show that. Both the children and adults had an amazing day of learning and discovering.My name is Ami Atkins, and I am a thirty-year-old barren widow..
God even uses human mistakes to accomplish His purposes..
"It's been over an hour. You have to tell us we can stop."
The emergency room doctor was asking me to give permission to stop CPR. I vividly remember my near hysteric response:
"Are you telling me my husband is going to die? How can you ask me to make that decision?"
I kept repeating "How is this possible?" over and over.
God finally gave the grace to say, "Jon's Yours." Yet in the following months, the temptation toward guilt has sometimes seemed unbearable.
I should have taken him to the ER sooner. I should have pressed the cardiologist harder when we were there on Wednesday. Why was Jon so stubborn? When he was in the hospital in December, why didn't they do more tests? I should have . . . I should have . . . I should have . . . Why? Why? Why? Satan and my mind knew how to buffet me best.
My Crossroads Day
Several weeks ago I came to a crossroads. I met with Jon's cardiologist, and he shed some additional light on Jon's death. Two days before Jon died, we had been at the cardiologist's office for another echocardiogram. The day Jon died, the doctor reviewed the new echo and was shocked at the rapid deterioration and drastic change in Jon's valve; he wanted invasive tests done immediately. But Jon died that night. It was too late.
In less than a month the scenario went from "The valve looks okay. You can definitely wait until summer for surgery" to Jon's body shutting down. No one could see it happening.
Though I've maintained God's sovereignty, it finally sunk in: Jon was supposed to die.
God could have changed any number of factors leading up to Jon's death, but He chose not to. He could have had the doctor review the echo the day we were there. Yet God didn't intervene, and He didn't allow anyone to fully see the severity of the situation.
God even uses human mistakes to accomplish His purposes. So there really is no one to blame. This is the truth: no person held Jon's life in his hands except Jesus Christ. The day of Jon's death was ordained before he was ever born.
The Life-Altering Theme of Reversal
I don't think I can describe the intensity of those moments when God met me with striking clarity. I realized,
I know You are working a reversal. Death bringing forth life. Perhaps Jon's death is bringing forth life in me I never imagined.
The theme of reversal is all over the Bible. Think of Job, Joseph, Rahab, the prodigal son, and Paul just to name a few. They all experienced tangible reversal. Ruth was a barren widow, but she was redeemed and included in the line of Christ. The prodigal squandered his inheritance and slept with prostitutes, but his father exalted him with lavish grace when he returned. Reversal.
God is working a reversal—a real, physical, tangible transfer of bad to good.
All of this points to the ultimate reversal. On the cross Jesus reversed the curse of sin and death. He reversed the ledger of debt, taking all of it on Himself and canceling the record of debt against me. He triumphed openly over His enemies. The reversal has been made. The victory is accomplished.
If God loves sinners enough to reverse the curse of sin and death, then surely He is reversing the badness of Jon's death. Can you see me almost leaping as I type this? Don't you just want to shout with me? "Hallelujah! What a Savior!"
God really did hammer it out in my heart that day. I can expect something beautiful—not just for eternity, but for this life also. God is working a reversal—a real, physical, tangible transfer of bad to good, not just a nebulous concept. I don't know how God is working, but I anticipate that He is.
How have you seen God work a reversal in your life for good?
Join the DiscussionBy Nadiya Savchenko, tweeted by her lawyer Mark Feygin and posted by her sister Vira Savchenko
Posted on 03.23.2016
Translated and edited by Voices of Ukraine
AP Photo/Ivan Sekretarev
Nadiya Savchenko’s lawyer Mark Feygin writes on the first letter he tweets:
“Just came out from meeting with Nadiya Savchenko in prison. She has no regrets and thanks everyone.”
Savchenko writes:
“Thank you – to the deputies of Ukraine, and all the people from Ukraine and Russia who came to support me on the day of the verdict. That was great! We showed everyone an obvious revelation that the Russian court is not the law, but a Big Top Circus!
The judges and prosecutors looked totally miserable, and after the trial went to drown their troubles in vodka! Their torment is finally over! Or so they think. In truth, by passing my verdict, they signed a death sentence for themselves!
Ukrainians – thank you for the Anthem and Flag of Ukraine in the Russian courtroom! :)))
With Ukraine in my heart,
and with sincere gratitude to you.
[signed] Nadiya Savchenko.
Thank you to my three lawyers, Feygin, Polozov and Novikov, for standing in the courtroom like a powerful wall, protecting me from evil eyes, evil tongues and evil people even on the day of the verdict, even though they had no obligation to do so.
Thank you for going through this battle with me to the end!
[signed] Nadiya Savchenko.
Ukrainians,
I sincerely thank you for not leaving me. Together, we will not abandon other Ukrainians held captive in Russia, and we will save Ukraine! I eagerly await our meeting, FREE and in Ukraine!
With Ukraine in my heart,
and with gratitude to you
[signed] Nadiya Savchenko.
[to her sister, Vira Savchenko]
Little Hamster, if I didn’t have a sister like you, I would have perished a long time ago. Kisses on your nose. 🙂 ”
Source: Mark Feygin Twitter 1
Feygin writes on the second letter he tweets:
“Nadiya renewed her agreement with me.”
Savchenko writes:
“To my lawyer Mark Feygin
Declaration
After the verdict in my case is announced, please remain my lawyer and continue representing my defense in the Russian Federation.
I forbid for you to file any appeal, petition for a pardon, or admission of guilt in my case in your name, or to carry out any action without my consent.
Should you act against my will as described above, I will consider your actions a betrayal, immediately renouncing you as my lawyer.
I demand that my defense is conducted with maximum transparency in the legal, political and medical aspects, as it has been until now.
23.03.2016 [signed] Nadiya Savchenko
Source: Mark Feygin Twitter 2
This one appeared on the Savchenkos’ official correspondence page:
“Thank you to the good people of the world for making my final day of trial so brilliant and unforgettable! 🙂
I sincerely thank you, that for all this time of my captivity in the Prison of the Peoples–Russia, you did not give me reason to lose heart, and showed me that there is a lot of good in the world.
I am alive thanks to you.
With sincere appreciation
[signed] Nadiya Savchenko.
Source: Nadiia Savchenko FB
This translation work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
Treasury: HAFA is Buffer Enough Against Short Sale Fraud
According to the U.S. Treasury Department, the agency is taking the necessary steps to prevent short sale fraud under the Home Affordable Foreclosure Alternatives (HAFA) program. This claim is in response to reports that lenders are already building buffers to protect themselves from an anticipated rise in borrower fraud when HAFA launches on April 5.
Read HousingWire's full coverage @Issue Date: 02/10/2001
Issue Name: Centenary of Nobel Prizes - A Tribute to Rudyard Kipling
Producer: Buckingham Covers
We worked with the National Trust to produce this cover as a tribute to Rudyard Kipling, the first British winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature. Kipling's appeal was so widespread that he became one of the most popular Victorian writers and to this day most children know the 'The Jungle Book' and 'Just So Stories'.
This cover features Bateman's - the place that Kipling and his wife chose as their home, deep in the Sussex countryside, and the house still looks just as he described it. This is an unusual variation of our Bateman's cover with a full set of Nobel Prize stamps and is a limited edition of just 100. Of the 100 covers produced, just 34 were hand-signed by Archbishop Desmond Tutu. He has also written "God bless you" on each one.
Desmond Mpilo Tutu OMSG CH GCStJ is a South African Anglican cleric and theologian known for his work as an anti-apartheid and human rights activist.387 total views, 18 views today
UPPER MARLBORO – On the same day, the Prince George’s Police Department (PGPD) confirmed the arrest of one of the FBI’s Ten Most Wanted Fugitives right after a veteran police officer was indicted on charges of assaulting a suspect during an arrest.
Lamont Stephenson, 43, was arrested after police found him inside in a rental company truck parked outside of a closed business at approximately 2 a.m. on March 7.
Three county officers responded to a suspicious call sent in by the security system watching over the rental trucks on the 7900 block of Annapolis Road.
According to Police Chief Hank Stawinski, when officers approached Stephenson, he allegedly told them that he was homeless and trying to stay dry from the inclement weather.
However, after further questioning, Stephenson allegedly told the officers may be wanted for crimes. He was taken into custody once his identity was confirmed and a weapon was recovered at the scene.
Stawinski said that he is proud of the officers’ willingness to confront Stephenson and going above protocol for a standard suspicious person call.
“We run that call for service and our peers all over the country run that call for service every day, and they could have easily said ‘you’re not supposed to be in that truck; get out and go walk down the street,’” Stawinski said. “These officers took that a step further and look what at the result is.”
He was placed on the FBI’s Top Ten Most Wanted Fugitive list in Oct. 2018 for his alleged involvement in the murder by asphyxiation of his fiancée, Olga DeJesus, 40, along with her dog in Newark, New Jersey on Oct. 17, 2014. FBI officials believed in 2014 that he would be hiding in North Carolina, Virginia or South Carolina.
Stephenson is also wanted for the murder of Natina Kiah, 40, of Washington, D.C. on March 6, the night before PGPD captured him. According to the Metropolitan Police Department, officials responded to a welfare check call and found Kiah dead from a stab wound on the 5000 block of D Street, Southeast at approximately 8:30 p.m.
He was placed in the custody of the FBI shortly following his arrest, and the U.S. Attorney’s Office will decide the location for his trial, Stawinski said.
“The Top 10 Most Wanted Fugitives List was created for this reason,” FBI Field Office Acting Special Agent-in-Charge Jennifer Moore said. “To bring attention to those individuals who fled across state lines (and) to obtain citizens’ help in their capture.”
Earlier in the day, Prince George’s County State’s Attorney Aisha N. Braveboy announced that a seven-year veteran of the department had been indicted on misdemeanor charges for assaulting a person during an arrest.
An indictment against Corporal Stephen Downey was given by a grand jury, charging him with second-degree assault and misconduct in office, related to an incident that occurred last October. Downey responded to an incident at a CVS Pharmacy in Temple Hills as an individual, described as a black male, sat inside in the front seat of a police car with handcuffs and wearing a seat belt.
According to Braveboy, Downey punched the “individual in custody numerous times in the face.” Police officials confirmed the event and said that an officer on the scene notified his supervisor. Once the department’s Internal Affairs Division finish its own investigation, it forwarded its findings to the State’s Attorney’s Office.
“Our police officers are charged with enforcing the law, so an incident like this one is of great concern to us,” said Braveboy. “The citizens of Prince George’s County deserve to be protected by officers who operate with the highest degree of trust and professionalism.”
Stawinski confirmed that the department is going to allow the criminal case to “play out” before making an administrative decision on Downey but did not rule out termination. Downey is currently suspended with pay after only being charged with misdemeanors. He was assigned to the Bureau of Patrol.
“What I can tell you is that certainly after these allegations were made, that officer was suspended and has remained suspended and will remain suspended through the trial process until this has been concluded,” Stawinski said.
Negative officer behavior and the response towards misconduct was a part of a discrimination lawsuit filed on Dec. 12 by 11 police officers and two labor organizations, citing discriminatory practices by the agency. The suit alleged that white officers engaged in racial misconduct towards colleagues and citizens while little discipline was conducted by department leadership. is proud to celebrate the 100th issue of SPIDER-WOMAN by bringing you a landmark issue that’s full of venom blasts, intrigue, and all the high-stakes Super Hero action Jessica Drew fans love her for!
SPIDER-WOMAN #5, a special giant-sized issue of the current action-packed run by writer Karla Pacheco and artist Pere Pérez,!
“When Jessica Drew made her first appearance in Marvel Spotlight #32 on February 10th, 1977, I was also making my first appearance,” Pacheco said. “One hundred issues and 43 years later, it’s been a wild journey for both myself and Spider-Woman. I am beyond proud to be part of the amazing team bringing Jess back in this series, and I think it’s so incredible we get to pay tribute to the history of Spider-Woman, while setting up the next, absolutely MINDBLOWING chapter of Jessica Drew’s adventures. Seriously, if you thought the first 5 issues were bonkers…I assure you, we’re just getting started.”
Check out the explosive cover by superstar artist Greg Land, and pick up SPIDER-WOMAN #100 at your local comic shop this October! For more information, visit marvel!There are no items in your Shopping Bag.
STYLE NOTES
Choose your destination
With summer just around the corner it’s time to think about escaping the city in favor of more exciting destinations. Different latitudes require different wardrobes. The spring-summer collection takes this necessity into account with a range of items that are easy to mix and match to face any kind of scenario.
Those whose idea of a good time is boating on the French Riviera should opt for a nautical look, strategically layering key pieces. On deck, wear a shawl-collared polo shirt in silk piquet with polka dot cotton bermudas or cotton-linen cropped trousers. For the beach or poolside, Canali’s key spring pieces include stylish swim trunks.
If your dream destination looks a little more like Tuscany, you might require more relaxed, versatile clothes. Our reversible zipped blouson is a great piece to bring along with you, while an unstructured jacket in cotton-linen will keep your smart whatever the heat, and is easy to wear with crisp chinos and calfskin suede mocca-sins.
Finally, if you’re heading toward another city, aiming for your own ‘Roman Holiday’, make sure to pack plenty of comfy clothes as there will be walks. Pure cotton polo shirts with contrasting edges short sleeves are a perfect example: they will keep fresh and stylish, while combining well with different length trousers. A pair of mocassin at your feet and you are ready to get lost in the magic of the city.Arthritis is a kind of illness in which the joints, disk and the bones of the human body tend to wear out after a particular age. The main factor for this illness is aging. As you grow older, the wear and tear of joints and disks happen at a faster speed. It can also cause bone spurs, stiffening of bones, dehydrating of bones etc.
All these factors lead to arthritis. Hence, it is important to find alternate ways of treating it as they don’t cause side effects. Here are the five best alternative treatment options for arthritis:
Alternative Treatment Options for Arthritis
Japanese Cherries
This is one of the oldest methods of curing arthritis. As the name itself suggests, this method originated in Japan. Eating 6-8 cherries a day is considered good for health. In Japan, people boil cherries to form fruity syrups. Cherries are gold mines of potassium and magnesium minerals which help in treating arthritis to a great extent.
Ginger
This is one of the oldest remedies which come straight from grandma’s kitchen. Ginger is considered to be good for digestion, cold, arthritis and many other sicknesses as well.
The Dutch strongly believe in healing arthritis by having ginger every day. They make sure that they consume ginger along with soup, salad, sauce etc.
Sugar
Magnesium, potassium and iron are present in molasses. In Britain, this method is widely used to treat arthritis. People in England are very fond of sweets so, they love the healing properties of molasses which is also very sweet in taste.
As cold climatic conditions there give way to arthritis so, by consuming the sweet extract from molasses, the pain of the joints can be reduced. However, you should always remember to brush your teeth and flush your mouth clean after eating molasses. If you don’t do this, then you may suffer from toothache problems.
Also Read
Treatment Of Arthritis Using Pectin
How To Treat Arthritis Naturally And Safely
Holistic Therapy For Arthritis
9 Best Treatments For Arthritis
Eucalyptus Oil
Eucalyptus oil is one of the most effective remedies for arthritis. This oil is obtained from the tree and is used for reducing pain. Before going to bed, you need to apply some drops of the oil on the painful joints.
After that, you can wrap it with a plastic cover. You can also give hot water compress by boiling water and dipping a towel in it. For this, you need to strain the water well and give hot compress on the painful joints. By doing this every day, you will be able to reduce the pain to a large extent.
Copper Bracelets
Wearing copper bracelets might look as a very traditional method to cure the arthritis problem, but it is a highly effective method in treating arthritis. The primary reason is that copper has nutrients that are absorbed by the skin directly. It has also been proved scientifically that mixing of copper with aspirin helps in healing arthritis problems in a faster and better way.
It is always better to opt for natural ways to treat any kind of sickness as there is no scope for any kind of side effects. So, these alternative methods can prove to be very effective in treating arthritis without visiting a doctor. In case, the problem is severe, it’s always recommended to consult a doctor and take the medications instructed by him/her.Training Specialist
- Recruiter
- Ashley Kate HR
- Location
- Telford, England
- Salary
- Up to £32000 per annum
- Posted
- 06 Feb 2019
- Closes
- 20 Feb 2019
- Ref
- JO0000018969
- Natasha James
- Job Type
- Learning & Development
Are you an experienced training professional looking for your next move?
Do you enjoy customer interaction and UK wide travel?
Are you confident in training delivery and thrive with an audience?
If so, this could be the training role for you!
Based in telford, my client offers services to a large client group UK wide, and is looking for a Training specialist to join their Telford team. In this role you will deliver training services, not just to their employees, but wider client base.
The role is permanent and offering £30-32k depending on experience, and we seek a candidate with experience in TNA, design and delivery of 121 and class room training.
The role:
* Competent at training design, delivery and evaluation
* Coach, support, train, develop staff
* Confident delivering training 121, and in larger class room groups,
* Training design and delivery to internal employees - induction, systems, soft skills etc, and also training of external clients.
The candidate:
* Min CIPD Level 3 qualified preferred, or training equivalent.
* Driver with own car is essential - Travel expenses reimbursed.
* Must have experience in training design and delivery
* Will ideally posses experience within a customer/client focused environment
if this opportunity is what you are looking for please apply.Ulfheðinn are part of the largest early medieval re-enactment society The Vikings. We portray a late 9th to early 10th century Viking mercenary band. We provide both combat oriented reenactment and living history with attention paid to being as authentic as possible.
The Warriors
We field an authentic Viking shieldwall using real steel weapons such as swords, axes, spears. bow and arrows and javelins The fights are unscripted and we try to provide as realistic an impression of Viking age fighting as possible. When not fighting the warriors will be happy to talk to you about the weapons and the intricacies of single and shieldwall combat. We also have a small shirt of chain mail suitable for children to try on and see what it was really like for a Viking warrior. At most shows we have the terrifying (for the warriors) kiddie vike where the children of audience can come and fight hand to hand with the warriors.
The Encampment
We also provide a vibrant living history encampment of two to three tents where you can see authentic period crafts being practiced such as chain mail making, net making, spoon carving, needle making, leather work and metal casting. We cook our meals on open fires and set out a table of authentic foods. Our members will be happy discuss the ins and outs of the various skills they demonstrate. We are always on the lookout for slaves. If a member of your family is surplus to requirements we will be happy to take them off your hands at very competitive rates.Shattered, it was.
Shards scattered
across the
stones.
Colours, clouted
by cannonball, crunched
into the
columns.
Saints, snatched from
their settings, sprayed
over the nave.
find the fragments recover the remnants pick up the pieces
re-store re-tell re-set
reconstruct and resurrect
a window of the world
beautiful then, differently beautiful now
for it is the shape of its story
that gives this window its glory
The West Window of Winchester Cathedral was destroyed by Parliamentary troops during the English Civil War and rebuilt in 1660 using shattered glass from around the Cathedral.Some features of this site are not compatible with your browser. Install Opera Mini to better experience this site..
NASA images by Jeff Schmaltz, LANCE/EOSDIS Rapid Response. Story by Adam Voiland.RNA Interference: A Promising Approach for Crop Improvement
Abstract
RNA interference (RNAi) is a naturally occurring biological process that regulates plant growth and development, defense against pathogens, and environmental stresses. It is a sequence-specific homology-based silencing mechanism in which the function of a gene is interfered or suppressed. Small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) and microRNAs (miRNAs) are produced inside the plant cell through the activation of RNAi machinery, which downregulates the expression of the target genes at transcriptional and translational levels. RNAi is more specific, precise in its action, and considered as a potential technology for functional genomics studies. In the last 15 years, it has emerged as a scientific breakthrough for crop improvement without affecting other agronomic traits. It has also been employed as a novel method in understanding the basic phenomenon of plant defense and metabolism. Several desirable traits have been improved in the crop varieties through RNAi, which include crop protection against biotic and abiotic stresses, enhancement of nutritional value, alteration in plant architecture for better adaptation to environmental conditions, overexpression or removal of secondary metabolites, enhancement of shelf life of fruits and vegetables, generation of male sterile lines, and development of seedless fruits. In this book chapter, we have discussed RNAi and its applications in crop improvement.
KeywordsRNA interference siRNAs miRNAs Gene silencing Crop improvement Transgenic plants Stress tolerance Plant architecture
Notes
Acknowledgments
The financial assistance from the Department of Biotechnology (DBT) and Department of Science and Technology (DST), New Delhi, for RNAi work in the lab is acknowledged. We also thank the University Grants Commission (UGC) for Special Assistance Programme (DRS-III), DST for FIST (Level 2) program, and DU-DST PURSE (Phase II) grant.
References
- Allen RS, Millgate AG, Chitty JA, Thisleton J, Miller JA, Fist AJ, Gerlach WL, Larkin PJ (2004) RNAi mediated replacement of morphine with the non-narcotic alkaloid reticuline in opium poppy. Nat Biotechnol 22:1559–1566CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Andika IB, Kondo H, Tamada T (2005) Evidence that RNA silencing mediated resistance to beet necrotic yellow vein virus is less effective in roots than in leaves. Mol Plant-Microbe Interact 18:194–204CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Angaji SA, Hedayati SS, Poor RH, Poor SS, Shiravi S, Madani S (2010) Application of RNA interference in plants. Plant Omics J 3:77–84Google Scholar
- Axtell MJ (2013) Classification and comparison of small RNAs from plants. Annu Rev Plant Biol 64:137–159CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Banerjee S, Banerjee A, Gill SS, Gupta OP, Dahuja A, Jain PK, Sirohi A (2017) RNA interference: a novel source of resistance to combat plant parasitic nematodes. Front Plant Sci 8:834. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Bao N, Lye KW, Barton MK (2004) MicroRNA binding sites in Arabidopsis class III HD-ZIP mRNAs are required for methylation of the template chromosome. Dev Cell 7:653–662CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Bartel DP (2004) MicroRNAs: genomics, biogenesis, mechanism, and function. Cell 116:281–297CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Baulcombe D (2000) Unwinding RNA silencing. Science 290:1108–1109. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Baum JA, Bogaert T, Clinton W, Heck GR, Feldmann P, Ilagan O (2007) Control of coleopteran insect pests through RNA interference. Nat Biotechnol 25:1322–1326CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Bernstein E, Caudy AA, Hammond SM, Hannon GJ (2001) Role for a bidentate ribonuclease in the initiation step of RNA interference. Nature 409:363–366CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Bezanilla M, Pan A, Quatrano RS (2003) RNA interference in the moss Physcomitrella patens. Plant Physiol 133:470–474CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Borgio JF (2009) RNA interference (RNAi) technology: a promising tool for medicinal plant research. J Med Plant Res 3:1176–1183Google Scholar
-PubMedGoogle Scholar
- Camp WV (2005) Yield enhancement genes: seeds for growth. Curr Opin Biotechnol 16:147–153CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Campo S, Peris-Peris C, Sire C, Morenool 199:212–227CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Canter PH, Thomas H, Ernst E (2005) Bringing medicinal plants into cultivation: opportunities and challenges for biotechnology. Trends Biotechnol 23:180–185CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Castel SE, Martienssen RA (2013) RNA interference in the nucleus: roles for small RNAs in transcription, epigenetics and beyond. Nat Rev Genet 14:100–112CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Cerutti H, Ma X, Msanne J, Repas T (2011) RNA-mediated silencing in algae: biological roles and tools for analysis of gene function. Eukaryot Cell 10:1164–1172. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentral only minor effects on total soluble carbohydrate accumulation. Plant Cell Environ 31:165–176CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
-. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Choubey A, Rajam MV (2017) Transcriptome response and developmental implications of RNAi-mediated ODC knockdown in tobacco. Funct Integr Genomics DOI.
-. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 108:17550–17555. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Chung MY, Vrebalov J, Alba R, Lee J, McQuinn R, Chung JD, Klein P, Giovannoni J (2010) A tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) APETALA2/ERF gene, SlAP2a, is a negative regulator of fruit ripening. Plant J 64:936–947CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Da-Hong L, Hui L, Yan-li Y, Ping-ping Z, Jian-sheng L (2009) Down-regulated expression of RACK1 gene by RNA interference enhances drought tolerance in rice. Rice Sci 16:14–20CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Davuluri GR, Tuinen A, Fraser PD, Manfredonia A, Newman R, Burgess D, Brummell DA, King SR, Palys J, Uhlig J, Bramley PM, Pennings HMJ, Bowle C (2005) Fruit-specific RNAi-mediated suppression of DET1 enhances carotenoid and flavonoid content in tomatoes. Nat Biotechnol 23:890–895CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- de Dorlodot S, Forster B, Pages L, Price A, Tuberosa R, Draye X (2007) Root system architecture: opportunities and constraints for genetic improvement of crops. Trends Plant Sci 12:474–481CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- De Jong M, Wolters-Arts M, Feron R, Mariani C, Vriezen WH (2009) The Solanum lycopersicum 7 (auxin response factorSlARF7) regulates auxin signaling during tomato fruit set and development. Plant J 57:160–117Google Scholar
- Duvick DN (1999) Heterosis: feeding people and protecting natural resources. In: Coors JG, Pandey S (eds) Genetics and exploitation of heterosis in crops. American Society of Agronomy/Crop Science Society of America, Madison, pp 19–29Google Scholar
- Physiol 147:2096–2106. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Elbashir SM, Harborth J, Lendeckel W, Yalcin A, Weber K, Tuschl T (2001) Duplexes of 21-nucleotide RNAs mediate RNA interference in cultured mammalian cells. Nature 411:494–508CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Fang YN, Qiu WM, Wang Y, Wu XM, Xu Q, Guo WW (2014) Identification of differentially expressed microRNAs from a male sterile Ponkan mandarin (Citrus reticulata Blanco) and its fertile wild type by small RNA and degradome sequencing. Tree Genet Genome 10:1567–1581. CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- FAO (2013) The state of food insecurity in the world, executive summary. Rome, Italy, FAOGoogle Scholar
- Feldmann KA (2006) Steroid regulation improves crop yield. Nat Biotechnol 24:46–47CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Fire A, Xu S, Montgomery MK, Kostas SA, Driver SE, Mello CC (1998) Potent and specific genetic interference by double-stranded RNA in Caenorhabditis elegans. Nature 391:806–811 3-mutant phenotype in soybean [Glycine max (Merr.)]. Transgenic Res 17:839–850Cross
- Gao C, Ju Z, Cao D, Zhai B, Qin G, Zhu H, Fu D, Luo Y, Zhu B (2015) MicroRNA profiling analysis throughout tomato fruit development and ripening reveals potential regulatory role of RIN on microRNAs accumulation. Plant Biotechnol J 13:370–382CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Gentile A, Dias LI, Mattos RS, Ferreira TH, Menossi M (2015) MicroRNAs and drought responses in sugarcane. Front Plant Sci 6:58. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Gilisen LJ, Bolhaar ST, Matos CI, Rouwendal GJ, Boone MJ, Krens FA et al (2005) Silencing of major apple allergen Mal d 1 by using the RNA interference approach. J Allergy Clin Immunol 115:364–369. CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Gorguet B, van Heusden AW, Lindhout P (2005) Parthenocarpic fruit development in tomato. Plant Biol 7:131–139CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Goswami S, Kumar RR, Rai RD (2014) Heat-responsive microRNAs regulate the transcription factors and heat shock proteins in modulating thermo-stability of starch biosynthesis enzymes in wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) under the heat stress. Aust J Crop Sci 8:697–705Google Scholar
- Guan Q, Lu X, Zeng H, Zhang Y, Zhu J (2013) Heat stress induction of miR398 triggers a regulatory loop that is critical for thermo tolerance in Arabidopsis. Plant J 74:840–851. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Gupta A, Pal RK, Rajam MV (2013) Delayed ripening and improved fruit processing quality in tomato by RNAi-mediated silencing of three homologs of 1-aminopropane-1-carboxylate synthase gene. J Plant Physiol 170:987–995CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Hamilton AJ, Baulcombe DC (1999) A novel species of small antisense RNA in posttranscriptional gene silencing. Science 286:950–952CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Hammond SM, Bernstein E, Beach D, Hannon GJ (2000) An RNA-directed nuclease mediates post-transcriptional gene silencing in Drosophila cells. Nature 404:293–296CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- He H, Ke H, Keting H, Qiaoyan X, Silan D (2013) Flower colour modification of Chrysanthemum by suppression of F3'H and overexpression of the exogenous Senecio cruentus F3' 5' H gene. PLoS One 8:e74395CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Hisano H, Nandakumar R, Wang ZY (2009) Genetic modification of lignin biosynthesis for improved biofuel production. In Vitro Cell Dev Biol Plant 45:306–313. CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Huang G, Allen R, Davis E, Baum T, Hussey R (2006) Engineering broad rootknot resistance in transgenic plants by RNAi silencing of a conserved and essential root-knot nematode parasitism gene. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 103:14302–14306CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Jagtap UB, Gurav RG, Bapat VA (2011) Role of RNA interference in plant improvement. Naturwissenschaften 98:473–492CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
-CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
-CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Jin S, Singh ND, Li L, Zhang X, Daniell Biotech J 13:435–446CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Jones-Rhoades MW, Bartel DP, Bartel B (2006) MicroRNAs and their regulatory roles in plants. Annu Rev Plant Biol 57:19–53CrossRefCrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralPubMedGoogle Scholar
-CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Kamthan A, Chaudhuri A, Kamthan M, Datta A (2015) Small RNAs in plants: recent development and application for crop improvement. Front Plant Sci 6:208. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Karlova R, Rosin FM, Busscher-Lange J, Parapunova V, Do PT, Fernie AR, Fraser PD, Baxter C, Angenent GC, de Maagd RA (2011) Transcriptome and metabolite profiling show that APETALA2a is a major regulator of tomato fruit ripening. Plant Cell 23:923–941CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Karlova R, van Haarst JC, Maliepaard C, van de Geest H, Bovy AG, Lammers M, Angenent GC, de Maagd RA (2013) Identification of microRNA targets in tomato fruit development using high-throughput sequencing and degradome analysis. J Exp Bot 64:1863–1878CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Katoch R, Thakur N (2013) RNA interference: a promising technique for the improvement of traditional crops. Int J Food Sci Nutr 64:248–259. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Ketting RF (2011) The many faces of RNAi. Dev Cell 20:148–161CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Khraiwesh B, Arif MA, Seumel GI, Ossowski S, Weigel D, Reski R, Frank W (2010) Transcriptional control of gene expression by microRNAs. Cell 140:111–122. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Khraiwesh B, Zhu JK, Zhu J (2012) Role of miRNAs and siRNAs in biotic and abiotic stress responses of plants. Biochim Biophys Acta 1819:137–148CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Khush GS (2001) Green revolution: the way forward. Nat Rev Genet 2:815–822CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
-PubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Koch A, Kogel KH (2014) New wind in the sails: improving the agronomic value of crop plants through RNAi-mediated gene silencing. Plant Biotechnol J 12:821–831. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
-CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
-135. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Kumar R (2014) Role of microRNAs in biotic and abiotic stress responses in crop plants. Appl Biochem Biotechnol 174:93–115CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Kumar P, Pandit SS, Baldwin IT (2012) Tobacco rattle virus vector: a rapid and transient means of silencing Manduca sexta genes by plant mediated RNA interference. PLoS One 7:e31347CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralCrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Le LPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Lewis RS, Jack AM, Morris JW, Robert V. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Li JC, Guo JB, Xu WZ, Ma M (2007) RNA interference-mediated silencing of phytochelatin synthase gene reduces cadmium accumulation in rice seeds. J Integr Plant Biol 49:1032–1037. CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Li X, Wang X, Zhang S, Liu D, Duan Y, Dong W (2012) Identification of soybean microRNAs involved in soybean cyst nematode infection by deep sequencing. PLoS One 7:e39650. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Liu F, Wang XD, Zhao YY, Li YJ, Liu YC, Sun J (2015) Silencing the HaAK gene by transgenic plant-mediated RNAi impairs larval growth of Helicoverpa armigera. Int J Biol Sci 11:67–74. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Luo Z, Zhang J, Li J, Yang C, Wang T, Ouyang B, Li H, Giovannoni J, Ye Z (2013) A STAY-GREEN protein SlSGR1 regulates lycopene and β-carotene accumulation by interacting directly with SlPSY1 during ripening processes in tomato. New Phytol 198:442–452. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Mahajan M, Ahuja PS, Yadav SK (2011) Post-transcriptional silencing of flavonol synthase mRNA in tobacco leads to fruits with arrested seed set. PLoS One 6:e28315. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Mamta, Reddy KR, Rajam MV (2015) Targeting chitinase gene of Helicoverpa armigera by host-induced RNA interference confers insect resistance in tobacco and tomato. Plant Mol Biol 90:281–292CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Manavalan LP, Chen X, Clarke J, Salmeron J, Nguyen HT (2012) RNAi-mediated disruption of squalene synthase improves drought tolerance and yield in rice. J Exp Bot 63:163–175CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Manning K, Tor M, Poole M, Hong Y, Thompson AJ, King GJ, Giovannoni J, Seymour GB (2006) A naturally occurring epigenetic mutation in a gene encoding an SBP-box transcription factor inhibits tomato fruit ripening. Nat Genet 38:948–952CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Mao YB, Cai WJ, Wang JW, Hong GJ, Tao XY, Wang LJ, Huang YP, Chen X (2007) Silencing a cotton bollworm P450 monooxygenase gene by plant-mediated RNAi impairs larval tolerance of gossypol. Nat Biotechnol 25:1307–1313CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Mao YB, Xue XY, Tao XY, Yang CQ, Wang LJ, Chen XY (2013) Cysteine protease enhances plant-mediated bollworm RNA interference. Plant Mol Biol 83:119–129CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Matzke M, Matzke A, Pruss G, Vance V (2001) RNA-based silencing strategies in plants. Curr Opin Genet Dev 11:221–227. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Miura K, Ikeda M, Matsubara A, Song XJ, Ito M, Asano K, Matsuoka M, Kitano H, Ashikari M (2010) OsSPL14 promotes panicle branching and higher grain productivity in rice. Nat Genet 42:545–549CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Mohanpuria P, Kumar V, Ahuja PS, Yadav SK (2011) Producing low-caffeine tea through post-transcriptional silencing of caffeine synthase mRNA. Plant Mol Biol 76:523–234. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Molesini B, Pandolfini T, Rotino GL, Dani V, Spena A (2009) Aucsia gene silencing causes parthenocarpic fruit development in tomato[C][W]. Plant Physiol 149:534–548CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Molesini B, Pii Y, Pandolfini T (2012) Fruit improvement using intragenesis and artificial microRNA. Trends Biotechnol 30:80–88. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Molnar A, Melnyk CW, Bassett A, Hardcastle TJ, Dunn R, Baulcombe DC (2010) Small silencing RNAs in plants are mobile and direct epigenetic modification in recipient cells. Science 328:872–875. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
-CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Nakatsuka T, Mishiba K, Abe Y, Kubota A, Kakizaki Y, Yamamura S, Nishihara M (2008) Flower color modification of gentian plants by RNAi-mediated gene silencing. Plant Biotechnol TOKYO 25:61–68CrossRefCrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Napoli C, Lemieux C, Jorgensen R (1990) Introduction of chimeric chalcone synthase gene into Petunia results in reversible cosuppression of homologous genes in trans. Plant Cell 2:279–289. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Nawaz-ul-Rehman MS, Mansoor S, Khan AA, Zafar Y, Briddon RW (2007) RNAi-mediated male sterility of tobacco by silencing TA29. Mol Biotechnol 36:159–165CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Naya L, Paul S, Valdés-López O, Mendoza-Soto AB, Nova-Franco B, Sosa-Valencia G, Reyes JL, Hernández G (2014) Regulation of copper homeostasis and biotic interactions by microRNA 398b in common bean. PLoS One 9:e84416. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Ni Z, Hu Z, Jiang Q, Zhang H (2013) GmNFYA3, a target gene of miR169, is a positive regulator of plant tolerance to drought stress. Plant Mol Biol 82:113–129CrossRefPubMed. Plant Cell 22:3130–3141CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Nunes CC, Dean RA (2012) Host – induced gene silencing: a tool for understanding fungal host interaction and for developing novel disease control strategies. Mol Plant Pathol 13:519–529. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Oerke EC (2006) Crop losses to pests. J Agric Sci 144:31–43CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Ogita S, Usefuji H, Yamaguchi Y, Koizumi N, Sano H (2003) Producing decaffeinated coffee plants. Nature 423:823. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Pandolfini T (2009) Seedless fruit production by hormonal regulation of fruit set. Nutrients 1:168–177CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Papolu PK, Gantasala NP, Kamaraju D, Banakar P, Sreevathsa R, Rao U (2013) Utility of host delivered RNAi of two FMRF amide like peptides, flp-14 and flp-18, for the management of root knot nematode, Meloidogyne incognita. PLoS One 8:e80603CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Pareek M, Yogindran S, Mukherjee SK, Rajam MV (2015) Plant micro RNAs: biogenesis, functions and applications. In: Bahadur B, Rajam MV, Sahijram L, Krishnamurthy KV (eds) Plant biology and biotechnology, vol II.: Plant Genomics and Biotechnology. Springer, India, pp 639–661CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Peng T, Jia MM, Liu JH (2015) RNAi-based functional elucidation of PtrPRP, a gene encoding a hybrid proline rich protein, in cold tolerance of Poncirus trifoliata. Front Plant Sci 29(6):808. CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Rajam MV, Madhulatha P, Pandey R, Hazarika PJ, Razdan MK (2007) Applications of genetic engineering in tomato. In: Razdan MK, Mattoo AK (eds) Genetic improvement of Solanaceae Crops: tomato, vol 2. Science Publishers, Enfield, pp 285–311. CrossRefPub U S A 103:3546–3551CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Romano N, Macino G (1992) Quelling: transient inactivation of gene expression in Neurospora crassa by transformation with homologous sequences. Mol Microbiol 6:3343–3353CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Rubinelli PM, Chuck G, Li X, Meilan R (2013) Constitutive expression of the corn-grass1 microRNA in poplar affects plant architecture and stem lignin content and composition. Biomass Bioenergy 54:312–321CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Saurabh S, Vidyarthi AS, Prasad D (2014) RNA interference: concept to reality in crop improvement. Planta 239:543–564. CrossRefCrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Shriram V, Kumar V, Devarumath RM, Khare TS, Wani SH (2016) MicroRNAs as potential targets for abiotic stress tolerance in plants. Front Plant Sci 7:817. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
-CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Singh A, Taneja J, Dasgupta I, Mukherjee SK (2014) Development of plants resistant to tomato Gemini viruses using artificial trans-acting small interfering RNA. Mol Plant Pathol 16:725–734Google Scholar
-CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Sun X, Xu L, Wang Y, Yu R, Zhu X, Luo X, Gong Y, Wang R, Limera C, Zhang K, Liu L (2015) Identification of novel and salt-responsive miRNAs to explore miRNA-mediated regulatory network of salt stress response in radish (Raphanus sativus L.). BMC Genomics 16:197. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Sunilkumar G, Campbell LM, Puckhaber L, Stipanovic RD, Rathore KS (2006) Engineering cottonseed for use in human nutrition by tissue-specifi c reduction of toxic gossypol. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 103:18054–18059CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Tamilarasan S, Rajam MV (2013) Engineering crop plants for nematode resistance through host-derived RNA interference. Cell Dev Biol 2:114. CrossRef
- Thakur N, Upadhyay SK, Verma PC, Chandrashekar K, Tuli R, Singh PK (2014) Enhanced whitefly resistance in transgenic tobacco plants expressing double stranded RNA of v-ATPase A gene. PLoS One 9:e87235CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Tinoco ML, Dias BB, Dall’Astta RC, Pamphile JA, Aragao FJ (2010) In vivo trans-specific gene silencing in fungal cells by in planta expression of a double-stranded RNA. BMC Biol 31:27CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- Tuschl T (2001) RNA interference and small interfering RNAs. Chembiochem 2:239–245CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Varoquaux F, Blanvillain R, Delseny M, Gallois P (2000) Less is better: new approaches for seedless fruit production. Trends Biotechnol 18:233–242CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Vazquez F (2006) Arabidopsis endogenous small RNAs: highways and byways. Trends Plant Sci 11:460–468. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Wang Y, Li J (2006) Genes controlling plant architecture. Curr Opin Biotechnol 17:123–129CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
-CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Wang S, Wu K, Yuan Q, Liu X, Liu Z, Lin X, Zeng R, Zhu H, Dong G, Qian Q, Zhang G, Fu X (2012) Control of grain size, shape and quality by OsSPL16 in rice. Nat Genet 44:950–954. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Wei MM, Wei HL, Wu M, Song MZ, Zhang JF, Yu JW, Fan S, Yu S (2013) Comparative expression profiling of miRNA during anther development in genetic male sterile and wild type cotton. BMC Plant Biol 13:66. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Weise SE, Aung K, Jarou ZJ, Mehrshahi P, Li Z, Hardy AC, Carr DJ, Sharkey TD (2012) Engineering starch accumulation by manipulation of phosphate metabolism of starch. Plant Biotechnol J 10:545–554. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Wilson RC, Doudna JA (2013) Molecular mechanisms of RNA interference. Annu Rev Biophys 42:217–239CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Xie Z, Kasschau KD, Carrington JC (2003) Negative feedback regulation of Dicer-Like1 in Arabidopsis by microRNA-guided mRNA degradation. Curr Biol 13:784–789. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Xiong A, Yao Q, Peng R, Li X, Han P, Fan H (2005) Different effects on ACC oxidase gene silencing triggered by RNA interference in transgenic tomato. Plant Cell Rep 23:639–646CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Xue B, Hamamouch N, Li C, Huang G, Hussey RS (2013) The 8D05 parasitism gene of Meloidogyne incognita is required for successful infection of host roots. Phytopathology 103:175–181CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Yadav BC, Veluthambi K, Subramaniam K (2006) Host-generated double stranded RNA induces RNAi in plant-parasitic nematodes and protects the host from infection. Mol Biochem Parasitol 148:219–222CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Yang C, Li D, Mao D, Liu X, Ji C, Li X, Zhao X, Cheng Z, Chen C, Zhu L (2013) Overexpression of microRNA319 impacts leaf morphogenesis and leads to enhanced cold tolerance in rice (Oryza sativa L.). Plant Cell Environ 36:2207–2218. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Yang X, Zhao Y, Xie D, Sun Y, Zhu X, Esmaeili N, Yang Z, Wang Y, Yin G, Lv S, Nie L, Tang Z, Zhao F, Li W, Mishra N, Sun L, Zhu W, Fang W (2016) Identification and functional analysis of microRNAs involved in the anther development in cotton genic male sterile line Yu98-8A. Int J Mol Sci 17:1677. CrossRefPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Yin C, Jurgenson JE, Hulbert SH (2011) Development of a host-induced RNAi system in the wheat stripe rust fungus Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici. Mol Plant-Microbe Interact 24:554–561CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Yogindran S, Rajam MV (2015) RNAi for crop improvement. In: Bahadur B, Rajam MV, Sahijram L, Krishnamurthy KV (eds) Plant biology and biotechnology: Volume II: Plant genomics and biotechnology. Springer, India, pp 623–637Google Scholar
- Youssef RM, Kim KH, Haroon SA, Matthews BF (2013) Post-transcriptional gene silencing of the gene encoding aldolase from soybean cyst nematode by transformed soybean roots. Exp Parasitol 134:266–274CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Yu B, Lydiate DJ, Young LW, Schafer UA, Hannoufa A (2007) Enhancing the carotenoid content of Brassica napus seeds by down regulating lycopene epsilon cyclase. Transgenic Res 17:573–585CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Yu R, Xu X, Liang Y, Tian H, Pan Z, Jin S, Wang N, Zhang W (2014) The insect ecdysone receptor is a good potential target for RNAi-based pest control. Int J Biol Sci 10:1171–1180CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Zamore PD, Haley B (2005) Ribo-genome: the big world of small RNAs. Science 309:1519–1524CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Zha WJ, Peng XX, Chen RZ, Du B, Zhu LL, He GC (2011) Knockdown of midgut genes by dsRNA-transgenic plant-mediated RNA interference in the Hemipteran insect Nilaparvata lugens. PLoS One 6:e20504CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Zhang B (2015) MicroRNA: a new target for improving plant tolerance to abiotic stress. J Exp Bot 66:1749–1761. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle (2013) Over expression of microRNA OsmiR397 improves rice yield by increasing grain size and promoting panicle branching. Nat Biotechnol 31:848–852CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Zhang W, Xie Y, Xu L, Wang Y, Zhu X, Wang R, Zhang Y, Muleke EM,. CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Zhou Y, Yuan Y, Yuan F, Wang M, Zhong H, Gu M, Liang G (2012) RNAi-directed down-regulation of RSV results in increased resistance in rice (Oryza sativa L.). Biotechnol Lett 34:965–972. CrossRefPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Zhu JK (2008) Reconstituting plant miRNA biogenesis. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 105:9851–9852CrossRefPubMedPubMedCentralGoogle Scholar
- Zhu JQ, Liu S, Ma Y, Zhang JQ, Qi HS, Wei ZJ, Yao Q, Zhang WQ, Li S (2012) Improvement of pest resistance in transgenic tobacco plants expressing dsRNA of an insect associated gene EcR. PLoS One 7:e3857Google ScholarTuesday, December 13, 2016
Arketi Group Named a 2017 B2B Top Shop by Chief Marketer
High-Tech BtoB firm again ranks in the country’s top B2B marketing agencies
ATLANTA – December 13, 2016 – Arketi Group, an integrated B2B PR and digital marketing firm, has again earned a spot on Chief Marketer’s list of 2017 B2B Top Shops, a listing of the top B2B marketing agencies in the U.S.
The agencies in B2B Top Shops are chosen by the editors of Chief Marketer, a leading publication focused on measurable marketing tactics published by Access Intelligence. In choosing agencies for inclusion in B2B Top Shops, editors consider their depth of client work, creative acumen, analytical expertise and numerous other factors.
B2B Top Shops is an online searchable directory highlighting each agency’s core services and contact information, offering a behind-the-scenes look at each shop’s culture and client work. B2B brands, vendors and marketers viewed this easy-to-use resource on ChiefMarketer.com almost 73,000 times this year alone.
“There isn’t a more exciting time to be in B2B marketing as companies are aggressively re-imagining not only their business, but their sales and marketing strategy with B2B buyers,” said Mike Neumeier, APR, principal at Arketi Group. “Our recognition as a B2B Top Shop wouldn’t be possible without our talented team and the collaborative environment we have with brands who trust us to deliver marketing results that drive the bottom line.”
The complete 2017 B2B Top Shops list can be found online at.
About Chief Marketer
Chief Marketer, published by Access Intelligence, charts the customer journey from acquisition and engagement through conversion and retention. Via ChiefMarketer.com, print products, live events, awards programs and more, Chief Marketer offers data-driven intelligence, actionable insights, inspiring case studies and the latest technology trends to help marketers improve their campaigns and increase ROI., BuildingReports, Cox Communications, Equifax, MemberSuite, NCR, Prime Technological Services, Sprint and UL. For more information, call 404-929-0091 ext. 210 or visit.When Dennese Guadeloupe Rojas was laid off from her production position at a direct mail company in the late ’80s, she was disappointed about losing a job but she viewed it as a “golden opportunity” to pursue her life’s passion. “Often when you lose a job, you have time to reflect. ‘What do I really want to do? What is my life’s purpose?'” she says. For Rojas, it turned out to be interior design.
Rojas earned a degree in interior design from Bauder College in Miami but never put it to good use. Unable to find work in her chosen field, she spent several years in advertising. Rojas relocated to Maryland with her daughter in 1988. While at the direct mail company, “I designed a friend’s home as a surprise for his wife. That was so rewarding,” she says.
Today, Rojas is the sole proprietor of Interiors By Design, which provides interior and exterior design as well as accessories. She is also the owner of a retail store, Interior Accents Etc., where she sells a broad selection of home dÃ©cor. Last year, both businesses grossed $319,856; Rojas anticipates making $276,351 in the retail store with another $300,000 in design revenues in 2004.
Making the transition to self-employment in 1990, Rojas began working out of her home in Burtonsville, Maryland, relying on word of mouth and attending trade shows to drum up prospective clients. She eventually courted high-scale clients, namely NFL players, including Anthony McFarland and Shaun King. By 2001, Interiors By Design was solid. But each buying trip was limited by Rojas’ small-scale approach. She had nowhere to stock the quantities that allow designers to buy from the big players.
At that point, Rojas decided to set up shop. With her sights set on the high-income, middle-class suburban area of Silver Spring, Maryland, Rojas found a space to lease in October 2001. Lacking retail experience, she turned to a friend, someone who had a store selling home furnishings for 10 years. “I hired her as a consultant; we worked out a payment arrangement,” says Rojas, whose startup costs were $70,000 to $90,000. She managed to snare a $45,000 micro loan through the SBA. She also used about $20,000 of her personal savings.
For Rojas, adding a store to her existing design work was rocky at first. The construction of a loft to accommodate a design office separate from the 1,400-square-foot display floor was delayed, and Rojas had to have a friend fix what the original architect botched. Reliable employees were harder to find, although she now has a dependable crew of four full-time and two part-time workers.
Nationally, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, interior design is growing at a faster pace than average, with a projected 22% increase in the number of working designers by 2012. Annual billings, calculated per state by Dun and Bradstreet, stood between $200,000 and $900,000 in 2003, with most between $400,000 and $600,000.
While the flurry of home makeover programs on television has made interior designers popular commodities, RojasWith Internet Explorer 8 out for almost two months now, Microsoft has decided to ask the testers in the now closed Internet Explorer 8 Technical Beta program to start giving suggestions for the next version. IE9 is currently in the research phase, though I'm sure some early builds have already been compiled. This week, the software giant sent an e-mail to its testers with the following information:.
So far, there are only 10 suggestions made on the Microsoft Connect IE page:
- IE needs a new JavaScript Engine for better performance
- Download manager with pause/resume and DL listing
- Improvement in the way IE Favorites are saved to the way I have them saved them and have them placed in IE but not the the defaulted mode of being placed Alphabetically
- Build IE 9 with WPF
- Adding a downloader program to download files and programs like firefox and not using a third party tool
- Built-in spell checker !
- Tab drag & drop between windows
- Open Feed in a new Tab option
- Bookmark Anywhere On Web Page
- Support for built in gadgets
Given the amount of flak that Microsoft receives for Internet Explorer, I'm pretty sure these 10 suggestions cannot possibly summarize everything that the company needs to work on. If you were in the beta, go ahead and start making suggestions. If you were not, please post in the comments and I will do my best to get them to Microsoft.
You must login or create an account to comment.
Channel Ars TechnicaSearch results
102 results for: "network analytics"
OEM IP network analytics software
.
Page Score: 20: 18
Rohde & Schwarz Cybersecurity Selected as Preferred Network Traffic Analytics Supplier by European Communication Service Provider
After extensive technical evaluations and field-testing of all major network traffic analytics vendors, Rohde & Schwarz Cybersecurity has been identified as the only player able to deliver technology flexible enough for the provider.
Press release Score: 8::::: 4
CTA INTRA
Custom Stage Teaser Score: 2
Rohde & Schwarz introduces R&S®INTRA empowering CSPs to derive maximum value from network data
New intelligent network traffic analytics solution, boasting unmatched connectivity and processing speed, to be showcased at Rohde & Schwarz’s booth (#S-2814) at Mobile World Congress Americas
Press release Score: 1Consider risk-based vulnerability management to be able to confidently visualize, analyze, and measure cyber risk in real-time while reducing your cyber exposure.
I was reading an article recently where the author said that he was presented with the question, “Why bother focusing on vulnerabilities at all?” The point they made was that you can be:
- Not patched and hacked
- Patched and not hacked
- Not patched and not hacked
- Patched and still hacked (via social engineering, phishing, zero-day or an asset not covered by your VM program)
I understand his frustration, but it’s always better to be prepared. Cybriant obviously recommends covering your bases as much as possible to reduce your threat landscape.
The modern attack surface has created a massive gap in an organization’s ability to truly understand their cyber exposure.
The larger the gap, the greater the risk of a business-impacting cyber event occurring.
Traditional Vulnerability Management is no longer sufficient. Risk-based vulnerability management extends vulnerability management by covering the breadth of the attack surface (IT, Cloud, IoT/OT) and provide a depth of insight into the data (including prioritization/analytics/decision support).
We help security leaders answer the following questions:
- Where are we exposed?
- Where should we prioritize based on risk?
- How are we reducing exposure over time?
Security leaders should be prepared to take traditional vulnerability assessment and vulnerability management to the next level. Use the results from your assessment and remediate your issues to reduce your risk.
Risk-Based Vulnerability Management
Vulnerability scanning (especially done continuously) is an important part of your overall security strategy. If you are scanning, say – only for compliance reasons – but not taking action on the issues, what’s the point?
With a risk-based vulnerability management program, you are able to take the logical next step to reduce your threat surface by focusing on the top priorities for remediation.
If you are using internal resources to scan, sometimes the report is difficult to understand. This is a huge benefit of working with Cybriant. We’ll help customize the reports, so you are easily guided through how to remediate any issues.
By using a risk-based vulnerability management approach, you will save money by fixing only the highest priority vulnerabilities and time by being able to focus on the remediation steps.
Remediation is Key
In a risk-based vulnerability management program, the vulnerability scans need to run continuously. With eyes on your systems at all times, you’ll be alerted to issues as they are presented. Therefore, you’ll be advised on how to fix them faster.
This is why remediation in a risk-based vulnerability management program is key.
According to the article I previously mentioned:
Vulnerability assessment has absolutely no security value … unless you utilize the results to reduce your risk.
Vulnerability management done without significant thinking about remediation priority may in fact also be pointless (vs the labor spent).
However,”risk-based” vulnerability management does deliver real security value – as long as you actually practice it!
Therefore, Cybriant uses a risk-based vulnerability management approach.
By offering continuous vulnerability scanning plus remediation advice, you’ll have a complete risk-based vulnerability management program easily..
Prioritize Risk
Patching is time-consuming and expensive! So, how should you handle it? You know you need to patch. The answer is risk prioritization. If you have 1000 known vulnerabilities, the best option is to “Patch Smarter.”
If your organization is able to prioritize the top 100 highest risk patches, then focus on those. We use this process internally with our risk prioritization program. Our ticketing system will alert you to only those issues with the priority level that you define.
Unknown Assets
The greatest challenge for many security teams is simply seeing all the assets in their environment. Adversaries now have a much larger attack surface to probe and attack you across – and those adversaries can see everything and will attack you wherever they find a weak link..
Consider risk-based vulnerability management with Cybriant. You’ll get real-actionable results on a regular basis.Product Description
Owner Aki Saltwater Special.
Product Reviews
This product hasn't received any reviews yet. Be the first to review this product!Tackles the most common and disturbing questions about hell with compassion and clarity. Also discusses whether to mention it when witnessing.?.
Three divers working for the Northern Ireland police are killed as they step ashore after leaving Rathlin Island off the north coast of Ulster. The shootings threaten to spark a return to violence after years of uneasy peace in the Province.
A mesmerizing novel of four generations of Southwestern women bound to a mythical legacy With its family secrets and hallowed texts containing explosive truths, The Night Journal suggests A. S. Byatt's Possession transplanted to the raw and beautiful landscape of the American Southwest. Meg Mabry has spent her life oppressed by her family's legacy--a's story--and soon everything she believed about her family is turned upside down..
The storming conclusion to the 2016 Event! Universes will live and die, and timelines will be changed for ever.
You MUST NOT MISS this staggering finale!Just like dogs, cats also need vaccinations to prevent serious infections. Kittens should be vaccinated initially from 6 to 8 weeks old, then every 4 weeks until they’re 16 weeks or older. We recommend cats receive annual boosters to ensure that immunity is maintained.
We recommend that all cats receive F3 vaccinations, covering Cat Flu and Panleukopaenia. Depending on the needs of your cat, our vets may recommend additional vaccinations for added protection against diseases such as Feline Aids.
Clinical Veterinary Microbiology 2nd Edition PDF Book Free
Clinical Veterinary Microbiology 2nd Edition PDF Book Free
by Bryan Markey, MVB, PhD, DipStat MRCVS, Finola Leonard, MVB, PhD, MRCVS, Marie Archambault, DMV, MSc, PhD, Dipl ACVM, Ann Cullinane, MVB, PhD, MRCVS and Dores Maguire, AIMLS
Clinical Veterinary Microbiology 2nd Edition PDF Book Free.Melissa and Doug
MD4118
Melissa and Doug Jumbo Paint Brush Set
Young
Discover Countless Ways To Play
Pretend the paint brush is a microphone and sing a song!
Pretend the paint brush is a duster and clean off some of your small toys!
Paint a self-portrait!
***************
Approx. Product Dimensions: 22 x 16 x 3
Age Guide: 3 years +
Brand: Melissa and DougTrue Flip, an innovative cryptocurrency gambling platform talks to Cointelegraph about its industry.
TrueFlip News
One innovation enabled by the Blockchain are provably fair games. Find out what they are and how they work.
Win up to 30,000 TFL with the True Flip Steemit Challenge.
by Kari Stray
Cointelegraph presents top 5 Altcoins with mascots.
For as long as they’ve been around, lottery games have been near-monopolized by the governments. Blockchain is about to change that.
Take part in our quiz with Cointelegraph and TrueFlip for a total prize pool of 1 BTC equivalent.This item is not eligible for coupon offers.
When We Left Cuba
Paperback
Overview...
Product Details
About the Author
Reading Group Guide
Readers Guide for WHEN WE LEFT CUBA
Questions for Discussion
1.In the first chapter, Beatriz says that she is somewhere between the girl she was and the woman she wants to be. How do you see her character grow and change throughout the novel?
2.When Beatriz arrives in Palm Beach, she feels out of place in society and cut off from the familiar people and things she loves. Can you relate to her experience of being a fish out of water? Have you ever experienced something similar, and how did it affect you?
3.Beatriz is motivated by her desire to avenge her brother’s death as well as her love of her country. Which of these motivations is stronger for her, or do you believe they are intertwined? Do you agree with her actions or not?
4.When Beatriz becomes involved with the CIA, she acknowledges that war makes for strange bedfellows as she is now aligned with an organization she once decried. Do you agree with her decision? Do you believe in the axiom, “The enemy of my enemy is my friend,” or do you disagree?
5.Beatriz and Eduardo have a close relationship, and the possibility of a romance between them simmers in the background of the novel. If things had worked out differently, do you think they could have had a future together? Do you think the bond between them is bolstered by their common interests, or is it mainly a product of nostalgia for the life they lived in Cuba? What similarities do you see between their personalities? What differences?
6.Throughout the book, Beatriz struggles to understand Eduardo’s motives. Do you think he acts out of self-interest or patriotism? Do you think he has Beatriz’s best interests at heart, or do you think he uses her for his own ends?
7.Which Perez sister do you identify with: Beatriz, Elisa, Isabel, or Maria? What traits do the sisters share, and in what ways are they different?
8.Each member of Beatriz’s family takes a somewhat distinct approach to exile. Elisa builds a new life for herself in the United States; Isabel leaves her fiancé behind in Cuba; Maria adjusts to life in the United States with ease; parents become obsessed with shoring up their financial and social influence to protect themselves from future ruin. How do you think Beatriz’s feelings about exile differ from those of her family? How is the theme of exile explored in the book?
9.Beatriz chafes at the constraints placed on her by her family and their desire that she find a suitable husband. Can you relate with her desire to please her family while still following her heart? How much of the limitations placed on her are a product of the times and her background?
10.Beatriz and Nick are defined by their loyalties to their respective countries. How do you think this affects their relationship? Do you think timing plays the biggest role in their relationship, or are there other factors that keep them apart? What if they had met in Havana? Or before he was engaged?
11.Both Beatriz and Nick are shaped by war. He’s influenced by his experiences serving in World War II, Beatriz by the Cuban Revolution. How has war shaped them? Has it influenced them in different or similar ways?
12.Mr. Dwyer plays a formative role in Beatriz’s life and almost represents a paternal figure for her. How does their relationship change as the book progresses? Do you think he truly cares for Beatriz or only cares for her utility to the CIA? Is he motivated by self-interest or a sense of patriotic duty?
13.The CIA’s role in Latin America and their efforts in Cuba heavily influenced the events of the early 1960s. What do you think about their motives and policies? Do you agree with their involvement in Cuba’s affairs?
14.Beatriz’s life is defined by the time period she grows up in and the events she experiences: the Cuban Revolution, Bay of Pigs, Cuban Missile Crisis, and Kennedy Assassination, to name a few. What world events have played defining roles in your life? What memories do you have of them? How have they influenced you?Description of Issue
CryptoPHP is a threat that uses backdoored CMS (such as Joomla, WordPress, Drupal etc.) websites.
It uses several hardcoded domains for communication with centralized servers for command and control (C&C) and uses RSA encryption to protect its communications with those servers. Some versions also have a backup ability to communicate over email if those domains are taken down. The PHPCrypto malware can update itself, inject content into the compromised sites it sits on as well as perform several other functions on the attacker's behalf.
The main objective of CryptoPHP is to conduct blackhat SEO operations (cheating on search engine optimization) which improves the rank of sites controlled by the attackers, or their customers, which helps them look like a legitimate site or a legitimate SEO consultant.
Background of Issue
This type of website infection has been around, reportedly, since around September of 2013.
Platforms Affected
All platforms are affected.
Issue Verification
The detection of the infection is relatively simple: Inside a nulled script there’s a little line of code that looks like this:
<?php include('assets/images/social.png'); ?>
Some might immediately recognize this as looking strange. This is a PHP function including a file that would contain PHP source code but it's including an image file. The image file it references is actually PHP code but it is obfuscated (scrambled but readable by the PHP interpreter).
Fox-IT () created a python script to help administrators detect and identify CryptoPHP related code. Python is required to run the scripts (preferably version 2.7). One can obtain and execute the scripts quite easily.
1. Download and make the script executable:
$ wget
$ chmod +x check_filesystem.py
2. To scan your whole system (it can take a while), run:
./check_filesystem.py
Or scan a specific directory, for example /home:
./check_filesystem.py /home
3. Files will either reported as suspicious or confirmed CryptoPHP shell as follows:
File matching patterns: ['*.png', '*.gif', '*.jpg', '*.bmp']
Recursively scanning directory: /
/home/www/social.png: CRYPTOPHP DETECTED! (version: 1.0)
/var/www/images/social.png: CRYPTOPHP DETECTED! (version: 1.0a)
/tmp/thumbs/admin/assets/images/thumb.png: CRYPTOPHP DETECTED! (version: 0.3x555)
You can use another script from Fox-IT to determine if your website is actually performing the Blackhat SEO. This is done by performing one request with a web-crawler user agent string and one without.
This script can be run remotely and does not have to be executed on the affected server.
1. Download and make the script executable:
$ wget
$ chmod +x check_url.py
2. To scan a host or url (or multiple) as the arguments, run:
./check_url.py --verbose
Checking '' ..: OK
* Normal request yielded 15 urls, Webcrawler request yielded 15 urls. (0 suspicous links)
Checking '' ..: CRYPTOPHP DETECTED
* Normal request yielded 1 urls, Webcrawler request yielded 5 urls. (4 suspicous links)
!
!
!
!
Or scan a list of hosts or urls, run it with --load:
./check_url.py --verbose --load=urls.txt
Recommendation for Resolution
- Check your server's users looking for newly created users on your system for SSH/FTP that should not exist
- Modify any affected usernames (generally the user(s) that own the files detected as infected)
- Edit out the shady php include() function from infected pages and remove any fake image files that contain CryptoPHP code
- Remove the pirated theme or plugin which contains the CryptoPHP infection.
- Change all passwords related to the compromised account and its website.
- Perform updates on any and all WordPress, Drupal and Joomla installations on the entire server (not just the reported site)
- Subscribe to security update announcement mailing lists for Wordpress, Drupal and Joomla or check for updates regularly to avoid further infections and vulnerabilities leading to exploitation.Categories
It was an ordinary day in October, 2004, when my coworker Tammy walked into the infant room at the daycare in which we both taught, carrying a newborn baby.
“Who is this?” I asked.
“This is my son, Michael,” she answered.
The day became remarkably less ordinary. I had worked alongside Tammy for ages, and I had no idea she was pregnant. As it turns out, neither did Tammy.
The story that followed is one for the history books. Tammy found out she was pregnant on October 1st. Michael was born just over two weeks later. And that’s just the beginning.
Tammy hadn’t thought much of her missing periods. This wasn’t an uncommon occurrence for her during times of stress. But when she started to gain some weight around her hips and feel tired, she decided to get checked out by the doctor. Pregnancy seemed a likely culprit, but home pregnancy tests had been negative, as had an initial blood test. Then a second blood test showed a positive pregnancy result, and Tammy was sent for an ultrasound. There, staring the ultrasound technician in the face, was a nearly fully formed infant.
“They didn’t tell me anything at the ultrasound. The doctor told me a few days later. I was shocked!” recalled Tammy.
Once the shock wore off, Tammy worried about the trip to Disney World she had planned with her family on October 15th, and how she would tell her young daughter that it was off. Her doctor assured her that the baby wouldn’t be born until late November or early December, so to go ahead and enjoy her trip.
An uncomfortable 23-hour drive later, she spent the morning shopping in Florida with her family and enjoyed Chinese food for dinner. That night, she was up all night sick to her stomach, which she attributed to the Chinese food.
Unable to shake the sick feeling, she told her parents to take her daughter to Disney World while he stayed back at the hotel and rested. She called her partner at home in Toronto, who made arrangements to fly down to meet her and take her home. He was to arrive at 8:30 pm. But she wouldn’t be alone when he got there.
At 7 pm, Tammy needed to use the washroom. When she stood up off the toilet, her water broke. She grabbed towels to clean up the mess, but when she bent down, she felt a head.
“I put the towels on the floor of the bathroom and closed the door. I put one foot on the sink, one foot on the wall, slid one hand under the door, and pushed. But his shoulders got stuck, so I had to twist him out. I rinsed him off in the bathtub and sucked out his nose and mouth with mine. Grossest thing ever!”
This was all new territory to Tammy. Her first child had been a C-section. She did not expect her second to be born VBAC, unassisted, on the floor of a hotel bathroom at Disney World!
Holding her new baby, still attached to her by the umbilical cord, she did what anyone does when they are shaken. She called her mom. Her family was there within 10 minutes.
“My dad went to the front desk and told the girl we have a small problem in room 254. He said his daughter had just had a baby in the washroom. She said, ‘Um, that’s not a small problem, Sir!’ She called 911 and patched it through to our room.”
“When my brother came in to help me, he looked like he wanted to be sick at the scene! The dispatcher told my dad to tie off Mike’s cord with a shoelace and cut it six inches from the belly button. When the ambulance came, they took me to Celebration Hospital, which was designed by Walt Disney. They took me to labour and delivery to deliver the afterbirth, which I had no idea about because I had had a C-section the first time. They had to give me a needle to open my cervix, which had started to close by then. While this was all going on, my dad gave Mike his first bottle.”
Then it was time to tell five-year-old Kylie that she had a baby brother. The news should have been a pretty big shock since like the rest of us, she didn’t know her mom was pregnant; but Kylie was mostly relieved the new baby was not a sister. “Oh thank God! I don’t have to share any of my stuff!”
Finally, after being delayed at customs (a man traveling to Florida with no luggage and a one-way ticket raises some suspicion) Tammy’s partner Paul arrived around 10 pm. The new family of four was complete.
At 8 pounds, 8 oz., it’s unlikely Michael was early. It’s hard to guess a due date from an ultrasound of a full-term baby! And thankfully, despite his dramatic entrance into the world, Michael and Tammy were both healthy.
The van felt packed on the ride home, carrying two extra people than the trip down; but the visit to Disney World would be one they, and the hotel staff, would never forget.
Years later, Mike tried to weasel out of winter recess by informing teachers he was born in Florida and not made for the cold. On a personal note, thanks to Mike, my oldest son stays well-dressed in a heavy stock of hand-me-downs.
It’s been over 14 years since Tammy first walked into that classroom, carrying her miraculous bundle, and Tammy is now a grandmother herself to Kylie’s baby girl; but not a month goes by I don’t tell the story to someone. It’s not every day you meet someone born at Disney World.The US military began providing humanitarian aid on Saturday to a Colombian city near the Venezuelan border to bolster an emergency plan that has become a cornerstone in the search for the overthrow of President Nicolás Maduro.
Military personnel deployed C-17 freighters are transporting thousands of supplements and hygiene kits from a base near Miami to Cucuta, the nation's primary source of hundreds of millions of dollars in humanitarian aid, pushing the Venezuelan opposition leaders and their international supporters to the border want.
As Controversy Venezuela's future has been dragging on for weeks, and Mr. Maduro and his enemies are fighting for the support of the commanders of the armed forces who have remained faithful to the country's authoritarian leader.
One major reason is the enormous amount of money that the country's more than 2,000 generals have to lose in a post-Maduro era, Adm said. Craig S. Faller, chief of the United States Southern Command, said in an interview.
"There are many generals and many leaders on Maduro's illicit payroll through illegal drug trafficking, money laundering and many other oil companies," said Admiral Faller. "Maduro has bought his loyalty."
The US military has found that more than 1,000 Cuban military and intelligence advisors working with the Russian government have been instrumental in keeping the top ranks of the Venezuelan military loyal to Mr. Maduro, Admiral Faller added.
While ordinary members of the Venezuelan military endure the hunger and hardships faced by a large part of the population in the midst of a worsening humanitarian crisis, the large corps of generals and other high-ranking officers of the country has rejected a plan to Overthrow Mr. Maduro and help the opposition leaders convene new elections.
The Venezuelan military has more than twice as many generals and high-ranking officers as the US military, which is exponentially larger Cuba and Russia have condemned the plan to force Mr. Maduro out of power as a coup d'état with American orchestration.
The dispute over Venezuela's future began about a month ago when new opposition leader Juan Guaidó announced a roadmap to lift Mr. Maduro from power. It has sparked the specter of a military confrontation that has left the United States for decades directly into the first conflict in the region.
The Trump administration has not ruled out the use of military force in Venezuela, Guaidó's claim that the constitution gives him the right to act as interim leader until a new vote can take place.
Mr. Maduro has spent much of his time in photographing and filming surrounded by his troops to convey that he is supported by a loyal, well-trained, and deadly force.
This may include American diplomats in Caracas have been evacuated, embassy security strengthened, and the humanitarian aid plan that Mr. Maduro has hitherto been hampering overburdened by turmoil in the country's embassies.
The State Department last month ordered most of its employees in Venezuela and their relatives to come home. It has retained a small team that may need to be quickly withdrawn in the event of a sudden deterioration in security.
"We are ready to protect US life and protect the diplomatic institution in Venezuela," Admiral Faller said in a series of interviews during a trip to Brazil, discussing the crisis with high-ranking military officials. "There are a number of options that are on the table."
When the opposition leaders realized that the military had teamed up with Mr Maduro after Guaidó declared himself as the country's rightful leader on January 23, he had set up a plan to buy millions of million in food and medicines To bring dollars into the country.
But Maduro and his allies barricaded the road along a major border crossing with Colombia to prevent trucks from entering their country.
Freddy Bernal, a Maduro loyalist recently sent to the border, admitted that the Venezuelan military would be outclassed if the United States provided its military with the provision of assistance. However, he warned that such a decision would have the potential to provoke an armed conflict that would destabilize the region for years to come.
"Of course they can attack us, they are used to killing millions in Iraq, Libya, Syria and elsewhere." Mr Bernal said. "You have been helping Syria for seven years now and see how the country is doing."
Mr. Bernal said the Venezuelan government realized that it would lose an armed conflict with the United States. "But are we ready to die to defend the Fatherland? Yes, we are ready to do that.
The Trump administration has hinted at the possibility of using force against the opposition. National Security Advisor John R. Bolton was recently photographed with a notebook in which he scribbled "5,000 soldiers to Colombia." When asked about the sentence, the White House said, "All options are on the table."
Admiral Faller said it was premature to discuss whether American troops could be assigned to help on Venezuelan soil, a mission that would incur significant risks in a weapons-fueled nation would help people difficult circumstances, citing the recent natural disasters in Asia.
Rebecca Chavez, Deputy Secretary of Defense for the Western Hemisphere during the Obama administration, said it was "very likely" The US military would be drawn into crisis in Venezuela as the power struggle between Mr. Maduro and Mr. Guaidó escalated.
But she argued: "Any unilateral military intervention In Venezuela, that would be a big mistake." If the American military ultimately provides relief or participates in a peace mission, Ms Chavez said that should be done as part of a coalition.
Die The recent election of Conservative leaders in major Latin American countries, including Brazil, Colombia and Chile, makes this prospect more plausible than in previous years, but officials in Colombia and Brazil have signaled deep reservations about military missions in Venezuela.
The Outlook an influx of humanitarian aid raises hopes among Venezuelans struggling to bring food to the table, a 57-year-old businessman from Ureña near the Colombian border, recently attended a rally aimed at providing aid She had an egg n sign with the inscription "Welcome to my country" in English.
Sandoval said she dreamed of watching American Marines watch as they poured into their land to break the impasse.
"We Venezuelans need help," she said. We are tired of it. "Published
| Last updated
Lionel Messi selflessly took the time to chat and take photos with the Nicaragua squad after Argentina's 5-1 thumping of Nicaragua.
The 31-year-old Argentine forward stole the spotlight in the first half with a superb solo effort to open the scoring, following it up with his second to complete his brace.
The Barcelona captain was subbed off during half-time for Juventus star Paulo Dybala, but the attention was placed on him again after the full-time whistle had blown.
Like many before them, the Nicaragua players couldn't pass up the opportunity to share a moment with Messi by speaking to him or posing for a few pictures.
And the Argentina captain had no intention of brushing them aside and he instead chatted away with them and snapped a few pictures so that they could remember the moment.
Thanks to Spanish newspaper Marca, posted below are some pictures of Messi alongside the players and Mexican-born Nicaraguan Manuel Rosas.
Argentina manager Lionel Scaloni will see his side's convincing win over Nicaragua as a morale boost as his side prepare for this summer's Copa América.
Messi might believe that Argentina won't win the competition, but Scaloni says they are in for a chance if the five-time Ballon d'Or winner produces "what he does every Sunday."
."
Manchester City striker Sergio Agüero has also insisted that his aim is for Argentina to win the competition for Messi.
Argentina, who are in Group B, will kick off their Copa América campaign next Saturday against Colombia.
How far will Argentina progress in Copa América?
Let us know in the comments.
Featured Image Credit: Marca
Topics: Football News, Colombia, Football, Barcelona, Lionel Messi, Argentina, Copa America
Chosen for YouChosen for You
Most Read StoriesMost ReadSouth Africa Car Rentals Market : By Size, Share, Growth, Analysis & Demand Till 2022
Market Reports on South Africa Provides the Trending Market Research Report on “Car Rentals (Self Drive) Market in South Africa to 2022: Fleet Size, Rental Occasion and Days, Utilization Rate and Average Revenue Analytics” under Consumer Goods category. The report offers a collection of South Africa market Trends, South Africa market analysis, South Africa business trends, and South Africa market size and growth. number of operational cars available for short term rental in South Africa was 68,963 vehicles in 2017. During the same year, the number of car rental transactions between a car rental company and consumers were 2.82 million. During the historic period, the number of operational cars grew at a CAGR of 3.15%, while the number of rental transactions grew at a CAGR of 2.98%.
The report Car Rentals (Self Drive) Market in South Africa South Africa.
Request a free sample copy of Passenger Airlines Market Report @
The report acts as an essential tool for companies active or plans to venture in to South Africa’s Car Rental market. The comprehensive statistics within the report provides insight into the operating environment of the market and also ensures right business decision making based on historical trends and industry model based forecasting.
Scope
Overview of the Car Rental business in South Africa.
Analysis of the Utilization Rate, Fleet available for rent and actual on-rent days.
Historic and forecast revenues by Customer type and average revenue per day for the period 2013 through to 2022.“What, television cable & digital networks and premium streaming services, it would be observed that?
- Establish emotional bond – As dramas cover a long time period, it allows the audience to establish emotional bond with the characters and thereby influence their behaviour and values. In his social learning theory, Albert Bandura, Stanford University psychologist, argues that next to peer and parental role models, role-models from the mass media are of particular importance in shaping cultural attitudes and behaviour. This is exemplified by Peruvian telenovela, Simplemente Maria, which lead to viewers emulating the lead character’s success through becoming a seamstress. Dramas are important tools to provide social learning to the audience as “the emotional context of a melodrama improves retention of lessons learned by the audience” (Ryerson, p1). Hum Log (We, The People), considered India’s first social soap-opera depicted endorsement of family planning and elevation of the women’s social position through the language and behaviour of central characters. A survey conducted on the serial revealed that 70% of the audience believed women should have equal opportunities, 68% had learned women should have the freedom to make their personal decisions in life, and 71% had learned that family size should be limited.
- High-production quality – Television was considered of high culture value when it made inroads in to the lives of people in 1940s and 50s. As the tv sets were smaller the shows adopted a standardised formats of close-ups and mid close-ups with simple editing cuts making the audience viewing experience mechanical. By adopting film-making techniques of long-form storytelling, high productions value, costumes and engaging stories, television has been acknowledge as a narrative art.
- Focus on niche viewers – The key focus of television was always maximum reach, to appeal to wide range of audience. This was primarily due to the presence of less channels and centralisation of power in the hands of traditional broadcasters. But with the shift in the global television landscape – the arrival of subscription-based business models, the establishment of streaming services and new networks – which the scholars term as “post-television” or “post-broadcast” period – reaching niche audience has become the central focus. While earlier the “economic profitability” of television was probably based on “total number of viewers” rather than “the type of viewer watching” as suggested by Catherine Johnson (2005), now the decision seems to have reversed to “the type of viewers watching”.
- Marketing – The emergence of social media was beneficial to popular serials as it led to the establishment of online fan-based communities, where discussion regarding the characters, the plot and the narrative is discussed in details. In order to ensure the engagement with the series continues even after the completion of episode, the tv series provide unexpected twists and turns, enabling drama to be a “habitual experience” (Williams, 1989, p4), leading to scholars and academicians terming cotemporary television as ‘complex tv’.
- Opening of geographical borders for business – Television programs can be seen as a consumer product traded between countries, of which USA and UK have been the highest exporters, and TV drama series being the biggest product category. For countries to compete in the international TV market, they need to produce good drama. Manual Alvarado highlights more than a dozen countries that actively participate in the international market. Interestingly, these countries are also known, or have come to be known recently, for their TV drama series. Alvarado further suggests that these countries have a population size/wealth ratio that enables them to either receive a large enough license revenue or are able to deliver a large and wealthy enough audience to the advertisers. Only then, by having achieved an adequate revenue base by either or both means, will countries be able to sustain television companies that can write the costs of expensive drama production off on the basis of the first transmission.
- Stories within contemporary social economic context – Dramas set in the existing socio-political and economic environment have the ability to resonate stronger with the audience. Netflix Original 13 Reason Why, based on teen suicide, aired during the time when real life incidences of teenage suicide were being addressed in the US media. Case Closed: Justice Served, a crime drama series on etv, South Africa, depicted investigation of real life crime stories from across Africa. The purpose of the series was to explore the harsh realities of crime in the society and showcase the success of the South African criminal justice system to help restore faith among South Africans..
References
Alvarado, M. (2000). The “Value” of TV Drama: Why Bother to Produce It?. Television & New Media, 1(3), 307-319.
Catherine Johnson, “Quality/Cult Television: The X-Files and Television History,” in The Contemporary Television Series, ed. Michael Hammond and Lucy Mazdon (Edinburgh: Edinburgh University Press, 2005), 58.
Dixon, K. (2018). How political, societal and cultural controversies are impacting audience response to content. Cablefax, 9 July.
Ferreira, T. (2018). e.tv adds new local crime investigation series. Channel 24, 1 June.
Fuller, S. (2013). “Quality TV”: The reinvention of US television.
Geraghty, C. (2003). Aesthetics and quality in popular television drama. International Journal of Cultural Studies, 6 (1), 25-45.
Heritage, S. (2013). 10 reasons why today’s TV is better than movies. The Guardian, 23 October.
Hill, L. (2013).The 13 rules for creating a prestige TV drama. Vulture, 15 May.
Kay, J. (2018). Parrot Analytics reveals insights into Caribbean viewing habits (exclusive). Screen Daily, 14 March.
McCann, P. (1998). Revealed: the secret formula for a hit TV drama. Independent, 31 August.
Mittell, J. (2015). Why has TV storytelling become so complex?. The Conversation. 27 March
No Name, (2018). The Netherlands: data-driven insights into the top TV shows and genres. Parrot Analytics, 20 April.
Parrot Analytics. (2018). The global television demand report Q1.
Ryerson, W.N. (2008). The effectiveness of entertainment mass media in changing behavior. Population Media Center.
Westcott, T., Evans, A., and Marchello, M. (2017). Boom or Bubble? The Rise of Scripted Programming. IHS Markit.
Wojkic, J. (2012). Why today’s TV series are so great. ScienceNordic, 24 September.
Wolfson, S. (2018). Why is modern TV so confusing?. The Guardian, 21 April.I have never been a big fan of the combination of vampires and romance after seeing Twilight. Because of Twilight, I immediately think that a film containing vampires and relationships would be something very cheesy and romantic. Upon learning that we would be watching the film “Let the Right One In”, a film that involves vampires and love, I was a bit disappointed as I thought that it would be something similar to Twilight. The film was quite different, as still retained the idea that vampires drink human blood. There were scenes showing Eli and Hakan hunting for human victims. Vampires here were portrayed as something scary, as creatures that kill other people, as opposed to Vampires in Twilight who are portrayed as creatures who do not want to harm other people. Aside from this, I also found it interesting how Eli is shown to be both caring and ruthless at the same time. It shows that these bloodthirsty creatures are still capable of affection. At the start of the film, we are shown how Oskar is regularly bullied by his classmates. He can do nothing against them except for plotting his revenge against them. Oskar meets Eli, and after a while, the two form a relationship. In this film, the monster and a human being have a relationship wherein they work together rather than fight each other. They were shown to save each other from harm or even death. When Oskar was being drowned in the pool, Eli killed the bullies. When Lacke was about to kill Eli, Oskar intervened and as a results wakes Eli up. Because of this, Eli was able to kill Lacke. In general, I really liked the film since it is a good romantic horror film. It was nothing like Twilight, which just removed the entire horror factor from vampires. “Let the Right One In” maintained the common notion of the vampire to be bloodthirsty killers while at the same time, gives the vampires a more humane nature, which is to love. It changed my perception on films containing vampires and romance. In this film, there was a scene that I particularly did not understand. It was the scene wherein Eli was shown to have a scar in her genital area. In the earlier part of the film, Eli mentions that she is not a girl. After seeing that scene, I was wondering if Eli was actually a boy who was castrated. In their relationship, Eli was actually the one who acted like the male. She was the one who was strong and dominant. Oskar acted as if he was the female since he was the one who needed protection. He was shown to be weak and powerless against other people.Pink »
Tag Archives: tattoo meanings »
Nautical Star Tattoos
If you are searching about nautical star tattoos then this is a blog which will not only increase your information about nautical stars but also you can have very nice and beautiful designs. Tattoos are the modern way to express their feelings and looks with the help of tattoos. Tattoos have meanings depend upon situations and circumstances. If we talk  »Our Search Engine Marketing team will sit down with you and work with you to develop the best search engine plan for your company. We'll help you take advantage of the robust tools out there to help you increase your profits. Ask us about optimization and pay-per-click.
Get more information:Patient Testimonials
“Dr. Gharavi has been my doctor for two and a half years. He is a wonderful, caring man who treats me with thoughtfulness. He really cares about my health and wellbeing as a patient and a person. I am so thankful to have him in my life. They have a great and caring staff. I feel blessed to have found them.”
“Since Dr. Gharavi came everything has improved for the better. He goes out of his way to make sure his patients are taken care of. He listens to me and he’s very kind. He always makes sure he has my best interest at heart. Dr Gharavi always makes time to talk to you and makes sure you do not leave with any questions left unanswered.”
“Dr. Gharavi has helped me out greatly! He sincerely cares about my wellbeing and tries to help me out to the best of his ability. I appreciate his honesty and professionalism. I would send referrals to Dr. Gharavi if I came across someone that needed medical assistance. Thank you sincerely.”
“Before finding out Dr. Gharavi I lived a very unhappy life: uncontrollable pain, sleeplessness, anxiety of not knowing what to do or where to go to get help. Dr. Gharavi has been a sincere blessing in helping me not only manage my pain but to understand the whys and whats. From the staff answering questions and making my visits on time and pleasant, I could not be happier with the treatment I receive. For almost 10 years they have been exceptional in my health care why wouldn’t anyone in my position come here for help. All the best to them and those who are considering coming here!”
“When coming to Dr. Gharavi he makes me feel so much better, from my neck to my back and hips to my feet. Coming in I can hardly move my neck to the right and when leaving the office I am able to move my neck back and forth with a little pain (but much more movement from when I came in). This office always makes my month go better with the upbeat positive feeling I get from both the doctor and the staff. Love this location.”
“Dr. Gharavy has enabled me to maintain some semblance of normalcy in my everyday life. They have monitored my health and given me a new lease on life. I am very satisfied with all aspects of my treatment. “
“Dr. Gharavi is a caring doctor who listens and manages to take care of the holistic patient as well as the physical symptoms. The office staff is also excellent and caring.”
“Dr. Gharavi and staff are awesome, very caring in their treatment of patients. They make you feel like you are important and that your care is their priority. I recommend them highly.”
“I just really think a lot of Dr. Gharavi. He is very thorough and is a very good listener. He is also very good at explaining about what is going on and why or why not certain medications are used or not. Both Dr. Gharavi and staff are so kind and nice and treat patients with respect in a relaxed way. This is a wonderful office that I would recommend to anyone looking for a responsible pain management doctor. I have been to 2 other places in the past that were terrible and who I would not want anyone to use.”
“Dr. Gharavi truly is an amazing, caring doctor. He actually does a full checkup, responsible diagnosis, and will always lend a helping hand. The office is always great on time. Dr. Gharavi and staff are the best office professionals I have ever met. They gave me my life back!”
“I feel very well cared for by the staff and doctor. They try to meet all my needs and work with my GP in improving my life. God Bless them for caring the way they do.”
“The Doctor cares about you and he wants you to be successful in your treatment. He offers multiple treatments not just medicine. The staff is the best and do everything in their power to help you and answer all questions. I would recommend them to anybody who wants to have proper treatment.”
“The care I receive at this office is exemplary. The Doctor listens to my concerns and always offers multiple methods of care. The office staff is personable and works hard to keep patients happy. I would highly recommend this office to anyone.”
“Since I have been a patient (April of 2007) I have had a number of physical ailments steaming from my spine to my knees, hips, hands and shoulder. The diagnosis that I have been given are awful and depressing, the care that I receive from them has been nothing short of caring and attentive. I would recommend them to anyone who has issues with pain.”
“Dr. Gharavi as well as his office staff treat you with the utmost care and respect that we as chronically ill patients really do need. I appreciate all that they do for me! They have given me back my life, my boys back their mother and my husband back his wife. I sincerely thank Dr. Gharavi and staff for all they do not only so for myself but for all chronic pain patients.”
“The comfort I feel from the doctor here is fantastic. I can go home and do things that were impossible for me before. Not just that but the compassion he feels towards me and all his patients is something that you have to be born with. Thank you for being caring.”
“I’ve been in pain management here for many years and have had very positive experiences. The staff is courteous and professional and the doctors are great. My treatment plans have been very effective and have provided a level of freedom and comfort not often found in the pain care community. I would strongly recommend their services to anyone suffering from chronic pain issues.”
“Dr. Gharavi is a very thorough doctor. He is very well educated and knows about pain management- his staff is always cheery and pleasant. I have been going to pain management for 20 years and this is the best. No waiting in lines, no parking problems. I highly recommend this place.”
“Dr. Gharavi is an excellent doctor who covers all facets of your health. The office girls are pleasant and professional. I have been coming for years and will continue to do so. If you have serious pain he will put you on an appropriate program.”
“My Experience with staff and doctor has been a great help. They have made me capable of being able to enjoy my family without the pain. And have given me the ability to keep active. I have had the greatest doctor experience, and appreciate how attentive he is to my needs.”
“As a long time patient suffering for years with auto immune illness and numerous orthopedic problems I feel blesses to have found Dr. Gharavi and his office/ nursing staff. They are all very caring and very professional. I would recommend them to anyone seeking treatment.”
“I am a 41 yr old female with R.A. and severe disc problems in my lumbar region and my cervical. I’ve been a patient for approx. 9 years now and I’m happy to say that the staff has become a 2nd family to myself and my family. Dr. Gharavi and staff truly care about me and the level of care that I receive from them is impeccable! I can be completely honest with my doctor and the staff about everything. Without worrying that the outcome of my honesty will warrant a medication change that I don’t have a say in. I also know that they truly have my very best interest at heart and they care about keeping my pain managed to the very best of their ability. I’m so grateful and I wouldn’t switch drs for anything.”
“I recently had cancer and surgery, followed by radiation. It left me with several pain issues, Dr. Gharavi and staff have always listened to all my symptoms and have treated me according to what I need. They have given back my life and I’m participating actively in my daughter’s life again. I would recommend them to anyone in need of their services.”
“I am so thankful I have found Dr. Gharavi. He is a gentle, caring. Dr. He always seems to pinpoint exactly where my pains are & where they come from. My quality of life has improved so much since my 1st appt with him. Thank you Dr. Gharavi!! “When you said “I do” what did you think was going to happen?
You found out this “married thing” was actually pretty tough at times. Your marriage obviously does not look like everyone else’s marriage. That is why you have a very unique marriage. No two marriages are alike. Your marriage is like an art canvas that will be painted on for a lifetime.
We will host a life group beginning this Wednesday, Feb 24. Each lesson will be for 60 minutes from 6:30-7:30 pm. We will be interacting with each other and viewing a study video consisting of 25-30 minutes.
Did you know that 1 in 7 marriages begins on-line today?
Top reasons people marry: Love 91%, Companionship 88%, Lifelong Commitment 82%, Security for children79%, Public Commitment %77, Legacy of Financial Status 66%, Religious Beliefs 62%, Family Pressure 50%, Desire for a Special Occasion 48%.
Children quotes about marriage:
“When I get married I want to marry someone who is tall and handsome and rich and hates spinach as much as me”, Gwen, age 9
“I want to get married but not right away yet, because I can’t cross the street by myself yet”, Arnold, age 6
“First she has to like pizza, then she has to like cheesecake, after that she has to like fudge candy, then I know our marriage will last a lifetime”, Bobby, age 9.
If it were just that simple. I am praying for all your marriages that God may bring you into a closer relationship to Himself and to each other.
Stay in the Light, 1 John 1:7,
Pastor LarryAs the Z900 flicked sweetly through another set of bends in the hills near Almería, feeling impressively light and well-balanced on these twisty Spanish roads, a flashback from my journey to get here confirmed why Kawasaki’s new naked four was behaving so much better than its predecessor the Z800 could have done.
I’d ridden to the airport on my own bike, laden down with a large, unwieldy kit-bag which, the airline scales had revealed, was right on the 20kg limit. Given that the Z900 is not only 12bhp more powerful than the Z800 but also lighter by more than the weight of that hefty bag, it’s no surprise that the new naked four felt lively and manoeuvrable.
The Z900 is an important bike for Kawasaki because its predecessor was among the firm’s most popular models, despite being distinctly on the sturdy side itself, even topping the sales charts in some foreign markets. But there was plenty of room for improvement because, as the new bike’s project leader, Seiji Hagio, admits, owners’ feedback on the Z800 tended to describe it as “fun and exciting… but heavy”.
That partly explains this substantial redesign, which incorporates an all-new chassis as well as a larger capacity engine designed to boost performance while meeting Euro 4 emissions regs. Capacity goes up from 806cc to 948cc, and the chassis is transformed by the adoption of a tubular steel trellis frame that is far lighter than the Z800’s simpler steel structure.
That capacity was reached not by enlarging the Z800 engine but by reducing the Z1000’s 1043cc unit’s bore size from 77 to 73.4mm, and keeping the 56mm stroke unchanged. Throttle diameters are also 2mm down on the bigger engine’s, there’s a new slip and assist clutch, plus a redesigned four-into-one exhaust. Maximum power is 123bhp at 8000rpm, roughly midway between the Z800’s 111bhp and the Z1000’s 140bhp.
Part of the reason that the Z800 was heavy was because it was a more powerful version of the long-running Z750, whose old-style steel frame had been reinforced to cope with its increased output. By contrast the Z900’s trellis of high-tensile steel was purpose designed for the task, using techniques perfected by Kawasaki when developing the fearsome Ninja H2. It weighs just 13.5kg, with the aluminium swingarm adding a further 3.9kg.
That all helps give a kerb weight of 210kg, an impressive 21kg reduction over the Z800. The Kawasaki felt respectably light and manoeuvrable as I set off, its simple feel exaggerated by the view: raised handlebar, petrol tank, no visible flyscreen or headlight up front. And very basic switchgear, because the Z900 doesn’t offer electronic options such as multiple modes or traction control.
There was no need for alternative modes because the one provided worked perfectly well, the Zed’s sweet throttle response combining with its broad, glitch-free torque delivery and light-action, slip-assist clutch to make the bike very easy to ride. The first five gears are relatively closely spaced, with a larger gap after that to give a slight overdrive feel for top-gear cruising.
Not that a bigger gap between ratios would have been a problem. The Kawasaki pulled sufficiently hard through the midrange that I didn’t have to worry about which gear it was in, as we headed south towards the Mediterranean from the launch base at La Envía, then along the fairly busy coast road where its ability to overtake on a brief burst of throttle was welcome.
A short stretch of A7 motorway was enough to confirm that it has plenty at the top-end, too, as the bike stormed forward enthusiastically, staying smooth as the analogue tacho jabbed towards the 11,000rpm redline in the lower gears, accompanied by a flash of the adjustable shift light. Inevitably there was plenty of wind-blast at higher speeds, as there’s virtually no protection. I didn’t find noisy turbulence a problem but was a bit disappointed by the Zed’s muted intake sound, which didn’t match the Z1000’s howl although Kawasaki say they tuned the airbox specially.
Chassis performance, on the other hand, was well up to expectations. The bike was reassuringly solid on the highway, but once we’d headed north onto twistier roads its respectably light weight, fairly sporty geometry and capable, if fairly basic suspension combined to make it both fun and easy to ride. It steered with a very neutral feel, with minimal effort required even when rapid direction changes were required.
There’s 120mm of travel from the 41mm upside down forks, and 140mm from the near horizontally mounted, rising-rate shock. That seemed about right, and was enough to allow decent ride quality. And both ends were sufficiently firm and well damped to keep the Kawasaki feeling controllable even when the pace got pretty hectic, and it was slowing hard into the hairpins thanks to its respectably powerful front-brake blend of four-pot calipers and 300mm wavy discs.
The Dunlop D21 rubber didn’t let it down either, and there was ample ground clearance on mostly smooth but occasionally dusty Spanish roads. One slightly surprising omission was a traction control system, as featured on rivals including Suzuki’s GSX-S750, Yamaha’s MT-09 and Triumph’s revamped Street Triple.
Kawasaki say they concentrated on keeping the bike simple and controllable, though cost and market positioning presumably influenced the decision. So despite its modern, Sugomi-influenced look the Z900 lives up to its name by having a slightly basic, old-school character, which some potential buyers will doubtless like just fine.
The 900’s blend of strong, flexible engine performance, capable chassis and rider-friendly nature comes in green, black or grey paintwork, at what looks like a pretty competitive price of £8249. That’s a useful £2000 less than the more powerful, heavier and slightly more high-tech Z1000.
In Kawasaki tradition there’s also an accessorised version, the Z900 Performance Edition, which features a flyscreen, tank pad, pillion seat cover and Akrapovic silencer, and costs £8999. Either way, this Z900 isn’t landmark model that will be recalled in decades to come, like its famous forebear, but it’s a timely and well-executed successor to the Z800, and good enough to keep Kawasaki’s four-cylinder family popular despite some increasingly tough opposition.
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONSStocks Little Whiskey Girl
Jersey
"She's my little whiskey girl
My ragged-on-the-edges girl
Ah, but I like em rough"
Jersey is the light of my life. You won't ever find her more than a few feet from me. She is truely a velcro dog. My first boxer puppy was a beautiful flashy bitch named Cali. She had the perfect shape in white of California on the back of her next. Sadly she had H.O.D. and never walked. She died at 7 months of age. My next boxer was going to be named Jersey. It is the opposite of California, but not the same. Jersey is definetly that once in a lifetime dog for me, and hopefully she will be around for many years to come. We compete in agility venues including AKC and NADAC..
I detest people who do not argue about content but titles. My time is too precious to discuss titles.
I want the essence, my soul is in a hurry.
Not many treats are left in the packet.
I want to live among human people, very human. People, who can laugh at their mistakes.
Who do not become full of themselves because of their triumphs.
Who do not consider themselves elite, before they have really become one.
Who do not run away from their responsibilities.
Who defend human dignity.
Who do not want anything else but to walk along with truth, righteousness, honesty and integrity.
The essential thing is what makes life worthwhile.
I want to surround myself with people who can touch the hearts of others.
People who despite the hard knockouts of life, grew up with a soft touch in their soul.
Yes, I am in a hurry. So that I can live with the intensity, which only maturity can give me.
I intend not to waste any of the treats I have left.
I am sure they will be more exquisite compared to the ones I have eaten so far.
My goal is to reach the end satisfied and at peace with my loved ones and my conscience.
I hope yours is the same, because the end will come anyway…”
~ Mário?Military Bases in the Coastal Plains
Before World War II military bases camps began to sprout up throughout Georgia. These bases and camps help prepare and train soldiers for battle. Throughout the coastal plains region many major cities leaders lobbied for positioning of these bases. However some camps and air fields have disappeared. In Albany, Georgia during World War II two air fields established trained British and American pilots. Many soldiers decided to stay or return to Albany after the War. Today the air fields are nonexistent. Another example; Camp Wheeler, located close to Macon, GA, had a long important history. It was a on and off military camp for the US Army in both World War I and World War II. In addition to its training facility for troops it served as a prisoner of war camp in World War II and was the hub of a series of satellite camps throughout central Georgia.
For more information on the history and location of Camp Wheeler click here.
This list of bases still exist throughout the coastal plains of Georgia.
Moody Air Force Base– Valdosta, Georgia assured local residents that he would cooperate. After months of intense lobbying, the U.S. Congress authorized the establishment of a base, and construction on the base began in June 1941. Valdosta Field opened on September 15, 1941. The field was later renamed in honor of Major George Putnam Moody, who was killed in May 1941 in Wichita, Kansas, while test-piloting a Beech AT-10 transitional trainer.). [1]
Fort Benning– Columbus, Georgia
Fort Benning, home of the U.S. Army Infantry, is adjacent to the city of Columbus in southwest Georgia. Established in 1918 during WWI the U.S. Army Infantry School at Fort Benning has confirmed its place as the premier school of arms, developing such military leaders as five-star generals Omar Bradley, George Marshall, and Dwight D. Eisenhower. Fort Benning became even more significant after the United States became involved in World War II in 1941. Troop strength soared with the arrival of the First Infantry Division, as well as with the establishment of an officer candidate school and airborne training center. [2]
Black Americans served their country in WWII in spite of strident segregation in the military. This MP in Columbus, GA, stands ready to answer calls in 1942.
This video from the National Infantry Museum in Columbus, Georgia highlights the U.S. infantry during World War II.
Robins Air Force Base– Macon, Georgia. Construction officially started with September 1 on a 3,108-acre tract. The Army Air Forces (AAF) later bought an additional 2,700 acres for the cantonment area, civilian barracks, and the pistol/rifle range. Spurred on by the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941, construction on the industrial and cantonment areas was completed by August 31, 1942. The second and third phases were completed the following April. Throughout World War II. [3]
Georgia World War II Navy Veteran John Boase recalls his experience during the war. Click here.
Fort Gordon– Augusta, Georgia bombing of Pearl Harbor in Hawaii on December 7, 1941, brought the United States into. [4]
[1] “Moody Air Force Base.” The New Georgia Encyclopedia (Accessed April 18, 2011)
[2] “Fort Benning.” The New Georgia Encyclopedia (Accessed April 26, 2011)
[3] “Robins Air Force Base.” The New Georgia Encyclopedia (Accessed April 18, 2011)
[4] “Fort Gordon.” The New Georgia Encyclopedia (Accessed April 18, 2011)Wow, 50 followers! I can't quite believe it!
My blog is a little bit over a year old, but I can't say I've put constant effort in over all of the time, so thank you to anyone who stuck with me during the dry spells! Haha!
I know there is some controversy about giveaways sometimes, but I have been looking forward to doing this for ages and genuinely see it as something fun for me to do and as a thank you to the lovely people who read my little ramblings and sometimes even leave me kind comments which make me smile =)
Here's what I'm giving away...
• 2 x Lancome mini juicy tubes
• Red Herring eye shadow quad
• Lush Space Girl Ballistic
• Lush Bubblegum lip scrub
• 2 x Rimmel nail polishes in bright orange and yellow
• 2 x cute cupcake lip balms
• Rimmel Glam Eyes black mascara
• Sleek Storm eyeshadow pallette
• Too Faced cosmic eyeshadow
• Too Faced glitter eyeliner
• Barry M mint nail polish
• Nails Inc St Tropez nail polish
• Red Herring make-up pallette
• plus anything else I forgot to put in the photo but remember by the time it comes to pack up the box!
Rules of the giveaway
I've tried to make this as inclusive as possible, no need to tweet or blog about the giveaway unless you want to. My one main rule is that you must tell me about your favourite blog (no not your own!). I hope this will open my eyes to lots of lovely new blogs to read, follow and appreciate, and it spreads the love a bit for everyone.
1 You must be a follower of my blog (open to followers worldwide).
2 Please comment below and tell me your favourite blog you like to read (any subject, inspire me!) Give the link and a reason you like it. You can also link your own blog too if you want to.
3 That's it!
If you'd like to tweet or re-tweet about the giveaway, do a blog post or put a link in your sidebar, that would be fab and I'll enter you twice so double the chance of winning, but this is by no means necessary. You will still be entered if you only comment below. If you want to tweet / retweet I'm @tweetiegem
The giveaway closes on Sunday 1st August and I will be using the random number picker. I will announce the winner on the blog and on twitter on Monday 2nd August - so you have two weeks to enter.
Good luck!
Oh and if I've done anything daft or missed any blindingly obvious giveaway rule, please tell me!
Heya :)
Great contest!
My favourite blog is Lily Loves Lola, I'm sure your already following her, I just love her blog :)
xoxo
My favorite blog to read is a pretty popular blog actually. I like , because she's always putting up pictures to upcoming collections and swatches of new products. Awesome giveaway BTW!
adventures of the cautionary tale is the blog I visit most. The chick is just really cool and her blog looks neat!
I follow you. You seem sweet!!! Thanks and have a terrific week. Love your giveaway stuff.Yay!
jacksoncrisman@yahoo.com
Hey, my favourite blog atm is Lollipop26's. The link's. She's awesome to watch on youtube and to read on here =) xxx
This comment has been removed by the author.
Congrats!
My fave blog is sprinkle of glitter-
I love her style, and writing!
My blog- pinkpompoms
Anna x
Well done on reaching 50!
One of my favourite blogs to read is:
Thanks for putting me in your sidebar as one of your favourite blogs! It means a lot :)
xxx
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
congratulations!
for beauty tips I love kissonthechic.net and
for just any other blog, I love
I just love antiques!
I was wondering if its an international contest.
I live in the U.S
OOh enter me please I love your blog.
My favourite blog is Emma at
the reason is that I love the fact that Emma is so sweet and down to earth and I love seeing her new buys.
She also gives me a lot of inspiration for outfit ideas. I hope she carries on blogging after she has her baby.
xx
Aloha!
Enter me enter me enter me!! Congrats on your 50 followers too :)
My fav blog is because she makes me want to live a perfect life and also BUBBLEGARM because she writes so nicely.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Congrats! My fav blog is probably lipglossiping! She updates so often and its always interesting and fun
Congratulations on reaching 50 followers! I find it so hard to pick one favourite blog as I follow loads, but I do love a bit of Lipglossiping too, always written in a really entertaining way, with great photos.
Ellie x
Hey, please enter me :)
50 followers is pretty damn good!! I get so excited when i see i have a few new followers!!
My favourite blogger is of course lolipop26. Her blogs never fail to inspire and make me giggle ;)
xx
I adore this blog
It's not beauty related (I love beauty blogs though!) but a dating blog. The blogger, Sarah, writes really witty, clever and funny posts about the dating world. I'm never disappointed and always smile when I see she has a new post up. :)
Congrats on your fifty!
xx
My fave blog is yours at the minuet :) I know that sounds sycophantic but its the truth! oh and my twin sisters
she only has me as a follower tho! Everyone!! follow her!! >.<
congrats on the big 50!! you deserve lots more!
xoxo
My favourite blog is lollipop26's blog.
I love reading laura's blog.
Here is her link -
Congrats on 50 followers :)
Goodluck Everybody XxO
Hey I am a new follower. Well done on your 50 followers.
My favourite blogger is Muhsine aka Bubblegarm..
Her blogposts are amazing and interesting and she always includes lots of fab photos and swatches etc!:)
Laura
xoxo
PS Please also check out my blog and if you like it follow mine :)
Hi! (I think 50 followers is great!)
I'm pretty new to the world of makeup blogging but I LOVE everything I've seen so far. I've been reading alot of Chloe's blog:
It's pink and girly and very different from my style but a new makeup/fashion perspective is awesome!
Hello!
1 I'm a follower (=
2 I have 2 favorite blogs: and forthefierce.blogspot.com. I love them both because they are not only about beauty, but they are super interesting (=
3 I follow you on Twitter and I tweeted:
Thank you!
gabyfauchon@hotmail.com
Hey!
My favourite blog (it got me into many many more) is written by the fabulous Bitchcakes.
She writes 3 different blogs but I LOVE her weightloss blog:.
She's incredible and so inspiring.
Hi!
One of my favourite blogs lately is Tina at TheFancyFace. She does LOTD almost every day, product reviews, and fashion.
Her blog is
Thanks!
One of my favorite blogs is Survey Junkie. She does great product reviews and giveaways for a lot of the stuff I like to use.
funnicooki163@aol.com
I am following your blog as "notbeforecoffee"
funnicooki163@aol.com
-Meg
you should check out the blog he is an entertainment lawyer and it's a gossip-y type blog. my favorite things are the blind items in which he tells of some incident that happened with a "star" or two and people try to guess who he is talking about... the best is twice a year he reveals who he was talking about!! it's fantastic and juicy!!
xoxo
Ohhh how awesome! Might i recommend her makeup collection is massive and her tutorials are the best!
katch05 at gmail dot com
Hi, my fave blog would be....... her reviews are awesome and honest!
thanks for entering me :)
Alice
xx
My fav blog would have to be ....
Lollipop26writes.com
Thanks or the giveaway...Enter me xxxxx
Thank you to everyone who has entered so far! Yes it is open internationally xx
Congrataulations on 50 followers sweetie :) I absolutely love your blog!
My favourite blog at the minute is Paulas - she does amazing OOTD, FOTD and really honest reviews! Love it lots!
xxx
My favourite blog is Zoella!
congratulations! xx
Great contest!! My favorite blog is "Bella Gets Real" at
You will love all the advice on fashion, food, etc. etc...
I hope you'll check out mine too at
Hey girlie
Congrats on hitting 50 followers :)
Lovely giveaway.
I have so many fabulous blogs I follow, this is really tricky!
Currently, my favourite blog is
This girlie is so inspirational and talented!
xxx
I am a new follower of this blog. :3
A blog I like quite a lot:
Why? Because it is a look into her life, fashion and a lot of cool stuff. :)
ellaetc(at)gmail(dot)com
My favourite blogs are...
*drumroll* - Carla is so lovely. ^_^ - Helen is my style inspiration of the moment. - I just adore Carly's tutorials.
Congrats on all the followers by the way!
*thumbs up*
- Mia. x
Hi, I've just come across your blog & am now following you.
Just to let you know, I would've followed you regardless of the giveaway or not, but seeing as you're having a giveaway - I'd like to be entered please - thanks a lot :)
I have quite a few favourite blogs, but one of my very very favourites, one I know I'll never be disappointed by, is:
She's seriously ace - definitely check her out :) She has a great mix of outfit posts, tips for her fellow bloggers, etc & is just generally great! She's also hilarious, which definitely helps.
This is a brilliant giveaway - & congratulations on all your followers (I was going to say 50, then saw your current total!)
Congratulations on 50 followers! I think I'll do a give away at 50 too!!
My favourite blog at the moment is SuperficialGirls-
I love her girly outfits and accessories.
Zoe xx
congrats on 50!!
one of my fave blogs is, she does her own line of hair extensions and i find both her blog and youtube very very helpfull xx
Hey, congrats on 50 followers hun,
my fave blog would have to be lollipop26writes.com.
Laura's blog is what got me interested in blogging she's a really down to earth girl and her ramblings are just so funny to read and will make you laugh out loud but also give you great advice and tips on all things beauty.
My blog is check it out:D
Love your blog. Xo
i really like, but that's mostly because I have been a little nail polish obsessed of late.
And everyone love Laura at.
Im a follower google connect :)
mmm one of my fav blogs is MakeupSavvy!! Fee's blog is just amazing!
Great posts! She has wonderful reviews and creative notes "within" notes
She is a UK blogger and I enjoy every post!
Ive linked the giveaway in my sidebar :)
hunnylovins.blogspot.com
I follow you on twitter @hunnylovins
thankyou so much for the opportunity! This is very exciting great prizes x
Hi hun please enter me .
One of my favourite blogs is
My blog
nicolettarocchiccioli@yahoo.co.uk
Please enter me :D black.sonnet@gmail.com
My favourite blog is Violet Le Beaux
She has cute tutorials and how to adjust your items to make them prettier. Also has make up reviews :)
my blog is but i am a slacker XD
Enter me please!
I'm a follower.
My fav blog is, in spanish, it's a beauty blog.
carmencj.88@gmail.com
Congrats on your followers!
My favorite blog is Temptalia (Temptalia.com) because she is always on top of all of the newest products, and gives great swatches and pictures which helps me decide what I want to buy!
Thanks :)
Congrats on all your followers! I am following as well :)
My favourite blog has to be Karen's at makeupandbeautyblog.com. She has a great sense of humor and all her posts are fun to read. Not only that, but she's always on top of the latest makeup products and has great swatches, reviews and tutorials :)
My blog is not even close to hers, but it is makeup and fashion related.. so if you want to check it out, heres the link :) Pinkbox Makeup ()
i also posted your giveaway on my sidebar :)
thanks for having this giveaway!
Hiii :)
My fave blog ever is
It's literally my go-to blog for everything-make up, hair, food, wellbeing etc. Muhsine (the author) is just stunning and can pull off any product, but she does great reviews!
My blog is: & my Twitter is: @smoir and I'll tweet about it when I've finished writing this. ha.
xxx
congrats on your 50+ followers.
my favorite blog would be
blog about skincare,makeup,haircare,everything(gives genuine reviews)
username- ks sn
blog- skakidotcom.blogspot.com
I have to many favorites! I really enjoy reading Tiffany's blog.
And here is my blog-
My email- Savannah.Perry.95@gmail.com
And congrats on the 50 followers (and now well over that!)
Thanks for the giveaway, too nice!
XX
Savannah
Hi, nice giveaway!
I cannot really decide on just one lovely blog to read so I will give you at least two of them:
Funny Face Place
and Confessions of a Makeupholic for fotd's!
my own blog, you follow already and hope you like it :)
my email is krucialsteez(at)hotmail(dot)com
Hi,Congrats on 50 followers
I have two favourite blogs :
1) productrater.blogspot.com
2) themakeupdrawer.blogspot.com
I love their reviews they give detailed and honest reviews
My email is alvira_rashk@yahoo.com
Hi!
My favourite blogs is:
It's in spanish ;) I like the reviews :)
My e-mail is: maquillaje-pasion@hotmail.com
I wrote about your giveaway on my blog:
Thank you!
heya =) congrats on your 50 followers!!
my favourite blog at the moment is:
i find the range of posts and things she includes really interesting to read and her advice a great help! hope you like it too xx
My email is: starsglittermagic@gmail.com
My blog is:
Enter me please!I'm a new follower via google, as fisiwoman. My favorite blog is:
She's a spanish woman. I love her wardrobe. She's perfect!
Tweeted:
Ana Belén R.M
fisiwoman(at)hotmail(dot)com
Spain
Enter me please!
I'm a follower via google, as The Allure House.
My favorite blog is:
She's a famous blogger, I love her wardrobe and sense of style.
My email is: slovenska_gera@hotmail.com
My blog is:
congratulations on the followers! Amazing prizes !
My favourite blogger is Ric!! Love his blog. He writes interesting things and I just love reading it. if only he updates a bit more :P
holli_cut3_sparks@hotmail.com
My first beauty blog was Karen at;
She's funny, pretty and a great writer!
Maria
mariagoddard at shaw dot caBe Pension Wise
Date: 25 March 2015
The rules for taking personal pensions are changing. From 6 April 2015 you’ll be able to access and use your pension pot in any way you want if you’re aged 55 or over.
Pension Wise is a free and impartial service to help you understand what your pension options are from April 2015.
Visit the Pension Wise website for information and guidance about your pension options and their implications.
Booking an appointment with a pensions guidance specialist
You can book a free appointment with a pensions guidance specialist who will talk through your pension options with you. Appointments will either be over the phone with The Pensions Advisory Service or face to face with specialists from Citizens Advice.
You can book an appointment if:
- You have a ‘defined contribution pension pot’.
- You’re very close to retirement age (ie 54 and 6 months or older).
A ‘defined contribution pension’ is built up over time through regular payments by you and/or your employer.
To book an appointment visit the Pension Wise website, or call 030 0330 1001 between 8am and 10pm, Monday to Sunday. You can also book an appointment by visiting your local Citizens Advice Bureau.I’m so happy it’s spring! This month’s favorites video is a bit more chatty than usual since I go into more detail & personal stories.
videos
January Favorites 2016
Remembering Joan Rivers
Joan Rivers: 50 Years of Funny | New York Times On Thursday afternoon, comedienne Joan Rivers passed peacefully, surrounded by her close family and friends. I first heard the news on Twitter that afternoon. My first thought? Wow, this woman had LIVED. Joan was 81 when she passed. Her career was still thriving. Just last week, she … Read more11.09.2012"
Auction date: 09 october 2012, Time 12.00 am, Coordinates: Chkalov str. 5, office 324.
The initial price with VAT - 4 150 000 000 BYR..
Land area - 9.7505 ha.
Limitations of Use: Lakefront of Rudakovo lake.
The deposit of 10% of the initial price is paid to: RB residents on a / c number 3012108260016; RB non-residents in foreign currency equivalent at the exchange rate of the National Bank of Belarus on the day of the payment on a / c in the euro (EUR) - 3012108260032, in U.S. dollars (USD) - 3012108260029 , in Russian rubles (RUB) - 3012108260045, in BSC number 701 OJSC "BPS-Sberbank", BIC 153001369, Minsk, UNP 690324015 State Enterprise "Minsk Regional Centre for Investment and Privatization."
Sales contract must be signed within five (5) business days after the auction.
Payment for the facility shall be made within thirty (30) business days from the day of the auction, unless otherwise stipulated in the contract of sale.
The order of the auction and the auction clearance is specified in the conditions of the meeting posted on the website of the organizer trading.
Applications for admission and supporting documents are submitted by 10/05/2012 no later than 17.00 pm at the given address. Contact: Tel: (+375 17) 224-61-34, 500-47-12.- How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are? 35
- Which is worse, failing or never trying? Never trying
- If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don’t like and like so many things we don’t do? Social pressure and fear of rejection
- When it’s all said and done, will you have said more than you’ve done? God, I hope not
- What is the one thing you’d most like to change about the world? Children getting abused
- If happiness was the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich? Teaching creative writing
- Are you doing what you believe in, or are you settling for what you are doing? Settling
- If the average human life span was 40 years, how would you live your life differently? I would have moved and had a family already
- To what degree have you actually controlled the course your life has taken? I’ve tried to
- Are you more worried about doing things right, or doing the right things? A little of both to be honest
- You’re having lunch with three people you respect and admire. They all start criticizing a close friend of yours, not knowing she is your friend. The criticism is distasteful and unjustified. What do you do? Tell them that is my friend
- If you could offer a newborn child only one piece of advice, what would it be? Live life well, the best things are worth the wait
- Would you break the law to save a loved one? YES
- Have you ever seen insanity where you later saw creativity? Yes, during my creative writing classes
- What’s something you know you do differently than most people? Express myself
- How come the things that make you happy don’t make everyone happy? Because everyone isn’t me
- What one thing have you not done that you really want to do? What’s holding you back? Travel. Fear of not having anything to come back to in terms of work
- Are you holding onto something you need to let go of? Yes
- If you had to move to a state or country besides the one you currently live in, where would you move and why? Dublin. I fell in love with the country before I ever got there. I will move there!
- Do you push the elevator button more than once? Do you really believe it makes the elevator faster? Sometimes, and No, but it’s nice to dream
- Would you rather be a worried genius or a joyful simpleton? Must I really choose?
- Why are you, you? Because that is the sum of my experiences
- Have you been the kind of friend you want as a friend? No, but I work hard at it
- Which is worse, when a good friend moves away, or losing touch with a good friend who lives right near you? Losing touch, always
- What are you most grateful for? My sister and 2 cousins. NOTHING will ever compare to those women
- Would you rather lose all of your old memories, or never be able to make new ones? I don’t know…
- Is it possible to know the truth without challenging it first? I believe so
- Has your greatest fear ever come true? No, and I hope it never does
- Do you remember that time 5 years ago when you were extremely upset? Does it really matter now? Yes, and no, it really doesn’t
- What is your happiest childhood memory? What makes it so special? Going shopping instead of my mother’s college graduation. Best day I ever spent with her
- At what time in your recent past have you felt most passionate and alive? Senior year of high school
- If not now, then when? Never
- If you haven’t achieved it yet, what do you have to lose? Nothing
- Have you ever been with someone, said nothing, and walked away feeling like you just had the best conversation ever? Yes, lol
- Why do religions that support love cause so many wars? Because the believers don’t truly believe
- Is it possible to know, without a doubt, what is good and what is evil? No, you just have to live and have hope
- If you just won a million dollars, would you quit your job? Yes, then I’d move to Dublin and start a Creative Writing class for young children
- Would you rather have less work to do, or more work you actually enjoy doing? More work I enjoy
- Do you feel like you’ve lived this day a hundred times before? Yes, with slight differences
- When was the last time you marched into the dark with only the soft glow of an idea you strongly believed in? …wow
- If you knew that everyone you know was going to die tomorrow, who would you visit today? My family
- Would you be willing to reduce your life expectancy by 10 years to become extremely attractive or famous? Nope
- What is the difference between being alive and truly living? One is breathing, the other is happiness
- When is it time to stop calculating risk and rewards, and just go ahead and do what you know is right? Hopefully all the time
- If we learn from our mistakes, why are we always so afraid to make a mistake? Because we’re afraid of life
- What would you do differently if you knew nobody would judge you? Almost nothing, perhaps keep things that I had to give up
- When was the last time you noticed the sound of your own breathing? Only during my quiet moments
- What do you love? Have any of your recent actions openly expressed this love? Writing, maybe
- In 5 years from now, will you remember what you did yesterday? What about the day before that? Or the day before that? No, but I will remember the places I’ve been
- Decisions are being made right now. The question is: Are you making them for yourself, or are you letting others make them for you? I’m making them, I have to live with them right?
I got these questions from Marc and Angel
AdvertisementsEnter your search term & enter. Esc or X to close.
Brother Thomas Sullivan, FSC was born on August 10, 1944 in Sparta, Wisconsin. He entered the Brothers in 1966 after receiving his B.S. (Biology) from St. Mary’s University in Winona, Minnesota, where he received his M.S. (Environmental Biology) in 1976. He completed his Ph.D. work in Botany in 1996 at the University of Minnesota. Early in his career, Brother Tom taught in schools in Wisconsin and Minnesota and later became an administrator and director in Minnesota, Illinois, and Nairobi, Kenya. He served as Provincial Superior of the Brothers from 1991 to 1995. Brother Tom came to CBU in 2010 where he teaches Biology and serves as Director of Campus Ministry. He loves travel, nature walks, and “anything dealing with my passion of LICHENS!”by Jennifer Collins, M.A.
(Albuquerque, NM, USA)
Essential fat percentage charts are used to estimate the percentage of fat your body has based on certain factors such as skinfold measurements, circumference measurements, height and weight or water displacement.
Your body fat percentage is simply the percentage of fat your body contains. If you are 150 pounds and 10% fat, it means that your body consists of 15 pounds fat and 135 pounds lean body mass. Lean body mass, or lean body weight, refers to the total weight of organs, bones, and muscles. All tissues in the body, other than fat, are considered part of lean body weight.
Knowing your body fat percentage can help you set safe, realistic weight loss goals. For example: A woman weighing 150lbs wants to lose 30lbs. Her body fat percentage is estimated to be 25% as determined by using a 7 site skinfold caliper test. Multiplying her current weight by her percent fat determines her fat weight as 40lbs and her lean weight as 110lbs. At 120 pounds, this woman still requires 110lbs of lean body mass (bones, organs, etc.), but would only be carrying 10lbs, or 9% body fat. From the body fat percentage table listed, you can see that this is a dangerously low percentage of body fat for a female and she is most likely losing healthy lean weight as well.
When deciding to "lose weight" remember to consider that "weight" consists of both lean body mass and body fat. Use body fat percentage charts to keep your weightJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
SPECIAL DISCOUNT TODAY ! Place your order today. Chat with us for Available Special Discount Offers
New customer? Start Here.
Secured and trusted checkout with
Yale 656F Classroom / Storeroom Escutcheon Exit TrimNew Products
New Balance Grey Flint Grey Shoes Greatest
$150.48 $58.06
Save: 61% off
Save: 61% off
New Balance Grey Lead Silver Mink Blue Shoes Running Jewel
$132.51 $58.06
Save: 56% off
Save: 56% off
New Balance Running Trainers Kwxvgwc Men
$151.45 $58.07
Save: 62% off
Save: 62% off
Men New Balance Blue Sneakers Trainers
$139.55 $58.10
Save: 58% off
Save: 58% off
Men New Balance Black-White Trainers
$131.46 $58.10
Save: 56% off
Save: 56% off
New Balance Red White Women Trainers
$127.50 $58.10
Save: 54% off
Save: 54% off
New Balance Pink Trainers Women
$134.47 $58.12
Save: 57% off
Save: 57% off
Men New Balance Grey Trainers
$140.53 $58.Accelerating Apache Spark machine learning with Clear Linux* OS for Intel Architecture® and Intel Software Optimizations
Clear Linux* OS for Intel Architecture® is a modular operating system built for efficiency and optimized with security and performance in mind. Incorporating modern continuous development/ continuous integration practices allows Clear Linux* OS for Intel Architecture® to quickly integrate the latest technologies and platform capabilities. This makes it ideal for advanced use cases, spanning Cloud to Edge.
One of the many Cloud segments benefitting from Clear Linux* OS for Intel Architecture® is big data analytics, specifically areas such as Machine Learning (ML). Apache Spark MLlib is one of the leading solutions for big data analysis, offering functionality to perform ML workloads including regression, classification, dimension reduction, clustering, and rule extraction.
Any improvement to Apache Spark MLlib performance has significant impact for enterprises using this solution. Below we outline how running Apache Spark MLlib with Clear Linux* OS for Intel Architecture® and Intel software optimizations delivers an 8x performance acceleration.
The benchmark
Intel benchmarked Apache Spark MLlib performance on a generally available operating system against the Clear Linux* OS for Intel Architecture® software optimizations (See configuration table below). This comparison used an open suite of performance tests called spark-perf and Alternating Least Squares (ALS), the most popular algorithm for building recommender systems.
As the graph shows, the optimized software stack on Clear Linux* OS for Intel Architecture® reduced test suit completion from 11026 elapsed seconds to 1361 seconds—a more than 8x improvement in training performance.
This benchmark was done on Intel® Xeon® Gold 6140 processors (codename SkyLake), and more details about the benchmark configurations are provided below. The observed performance boost will vary over different Intel processors.
Intel software Optimizations
Benchmark testing included 10+ rounds of optimization and tuning, ranging from the software stack to training hyper-parameters. Key optimizations include:
Math Routines for Machine Learning
Intel software optimizations include math routines designed specifically to boost Machine Learning workloads, including Linear Algebra, Fast Fourier Transforms (FFT), Vector Math, and Statistics functions. Apache Spark can take advantage of these routines delivered using Intel® Math Kernel Library (Intel MKL) without need for any code changes.
Java 9 Enabling
JVM plays a key role in the Apache Spark stack. Intel enables Java 9 on Apache Spark to leverage the performance advantage of Java Development Kit (JDK) 9 features. JDK9 was enabled to improve Java Garbage Collection (GC) performance; hyper-threading (HT) technology was disabled per the best known configuration to achieve better performance; and hyper-parameters of ALS were tuned to make full use of acceleration.
Generational Performance Increase on Intel® Xeon® Processors
The Intel Xeon processor scalable family on the Purley platform is a new microarchitecture with many new features compared to the previous Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 v4 product family (formerly Broadwell microarchitecture).
These features include:
- Intel® Advanced Vector Extensions 512 (Intel® AVX-512)
- Intel® Memory Protection Extensions (Intel® MPX)
- Intel® Ultra Path Interconnect (Intel® UPI)
- Increased processor cores
- Increased memory bandwidth
- Non-inclusive cache
- sub-NUMA clusters.
With these features, Apache Spark and the associated Intel software optimizations can boost performance over previous 256-bit AVX2 instructions in previous Intel Xeon processor v3 and v4 generations (codename Haswell and Broadwell, respectively).
Benefits to Customers
The combination of Clear Linux* OS for Intel Architecture® software optimizations demonstrated in the tested configuration can advance Machine Learning performance over large data sets in less time. As ML workloads get access to more data, they can provide better accuracy in delivering predictive maintenance, recommendation engines, and more.
Built with performance in mind, the Clear Linux* OS for Intel Architecture® provides the ideal platform for advanced operations including machine learning. Following a fast release schedule means uses can take full advantage of the latest Intel platform features and technologies spanning the software stack.
Intel software optimizations can also boost the performance of deep learning solutions on Intel architecture platforms, such as BigDL and other Intel-optimized frameworks (i.e., TensorFlow, Caffe, and others) this can help organizations accelerate their investments in next-generation predictive analytics.
The benefits of performance gains are clear: improved performance means it’s possible to train with larger data sets, explore a larger range of the model hyper-parameter space, and train more models. Additionally, these optimizations do not require a modified version of Apache Spark or modifications to an Apache Spark application code, nor do they require procurement of extra or special hardware. It just takes a few steps to install Intel MKL on a cluster.
Benchmark hardware and software specs
References
- Clear Linux:
- MKL:
- MKL Wrapper:
Tests document performance of components on a particular test, in specific systems. Differences in hardware, software, or configuration will affect actual performance. Consult other sources of information to evaluate performance as you consider your purchase. For more complete information about performance and benchmark results, visit.
Intel technologies’ features and benefits depend on system configuration and may require enabled hardware, software or service activation. Performance varies depending on system configuration. No computer system. The nominative use of third party logos serves only the purposes of description and identification.
© Intel Corporation.This is a post where I try to describe the law. That means this is going to be, at best, a semi-coherent approximation of what the law actually says. I’m not an attorney, so please don’t consider this legal advice. The standard disclaimer, as always, applies.
I’m seeing a lot of consternation lately about aggressive solicitors, who ignore posted signs and try to sell you magazine subscriptions that never seem to actually show up and household cleansers that appear to be nothing more than some highly-diluted Windex.
Happily, the City of Cottage Grove has a good, strong, court-tested solicitation ordinance. It defines “solicitation” as:
The entry onto real property used for residential purposes by a person for the purpose of communicating with an occupant of the property, whether the communication is verbal, visual or in writing.
Admittedly, that’s a pretty legalese-thick sentence, so let’s break it down a bit:
- “The entry onto real property used for residential purposes” means coming to where you live. It doesn’t cover businesses or parks or churches or anything like that; it only counts if they come to property where someone actually resides.
- “For the purpose of communicating with an occupant of the property” means just what it says. There’s no special exception for someone trying to sell you magazines, or telling you how you should vote, or asking for your cans and bottles, or trying to convert you to some religion or other. If they want to communicate with you, it doesn’t matter what the communication is about (though obviously if they’re just knocking to warn you that your house is on fire or something, the court will probably consider that a pretty good excuse).
- “Whether the communication is verbal, visual, or in writing” means that if they don’t knock on the door, but leave a pamphlet or door-hanger, that doesn’t matter; it still counts as solicitation.
So that’s what solicitation is. Now, here are the situations in which solicitation can get somebody into trouble:
- If they’re soliciting outside the hours of 9 AM to 8 PM (or 9 PM if it’s Daylight Saving Time), that’s a violation.
- If they’re not soliciting themselves, but they’re directing other people to do so, and those other people are violating these rules, they’re in violation as well.
- If they leave written materials on your property, and you’ve posted a “sign conforming to the requirements of Section 5.20.040” (we’ll get to that in a moment), that’s a violation.
- If they personally go and solicit upon property where one of those Section 5.20.040 signs is posted, that’s the big violation.
Any of the first three of the above violations is punishable by a fine of up to $250. But that last one is punishable by a fine of up to $500, and the violator could also end up spending up to thirty days in jail (there are some definite teeth to this ordinance).
There are three exceptions to the ordinance; these are the situations where people get to do things that fall under the definition of “solicitation” but won’t get in trouble for it. These are:
- If the person on your porch is a governmental official of some sort, and they’re doing their job.
- If you’ve somehow invited this person to be on the property.
- If it’s between 4 PM and 9 PM on October 31st. ‘Cause trick-or-treaters generally have no idea what “solicitation” even means, and, unlike most solicitors, there’s no expectation that they would.
So you’re probably asking yourself, “So what sort of sign do I need to do this ‘conforming’ thing so the solicitors will leave me alone?” Well, it’s pretty easy. Section 5.20.040 says that it’s gotta be a sign that says, “No Solicitation”. It’s gotta be on or near the boundaries of your property at the normal points of entrance if you have a fence with a gate or something like that (or at your main entrance if you don’t have a gate), and it’s gotta be big enough and clear enough to be obvious and readable to anyone coming into your gate or up your walk.
That’s it! That’s all you’ve gotta do, and salesmen, pamphleteers, and petitioners should stop bothering you. If they don’t, call the police with a description of the violator (what they look like and what they’re wearing) and which way they were going. Just make sure you’ve got a sign properly posted, or the police won’t be able to do a thing about it.
(As a general rule, I tend to give people who seem honestly ignorant of the law a chance to understand why they can’t do what they’re doing, but sometimes people are pushy and get argumentative about it. So I went ahead and printed up this Solicitation Ordinance sheet. it’s perfect for double-sided printing, lamination, and keeping near the front door as a handy reference you can use to instantly win arguments about why the person on your porch really needs to knock it off and leave you alone.)
I hope that helps clear things up. If you’d like to read the text of the law itself, to see where I may have led you astray (I recommend it!), please head over to our Municipal Code and select “Title 5 BUSINESS LICENSES AND REGULATIONS” in the left-hand column. When that opens up, choose “Chapter 5.20 SOLICITATION” and it’ll appear on the right. (You can read the rest of our ordinances at that site as well; it’s a handy reference.)
(One last note: I have encountered local members of one particular religious denomination who mistakenly believe that some mysterious Supreme Court case gives them the right to ignore Cottage Grove’s solicitation ordinance. This is absolutely untrue; it’s nothing more than a conveniently self-serving urban myth. If anyone tries to tell you that they get to ignore your sign based on some “freedom of religion” case, please invite them to contact me. I’ll be happy to walk them through the important difference between what they think the Supreme Court said, and what the Supreme Court actually said.)
— Jake.
SHARE YOUR COMMENTSDesigning for Damp Conditions
Designing for Damp Conditions
a reduction in lumber or plate design properties can help
ensure trusses perform as the building designer intends.
ANSI/TPI 1-2014 requires building designers to identify in construction documents any conditions that are expected to result in high wood moisture content, sustained high temperatures or environments that have the potential to cause truss plate corrosion (section 2.3.2.4(g)(6)). Each of these conditions requires a reduction in lumber or connector plate design values. In addition, these environments might require chemical treatment of the lumber or corrosion protection of the plates. Truss technicians who recognize the situations that create these conditions can implement appropriate design practices to mitigate potential serviceability issues and to ensure the trusses are designed to perform as intended by the building designer.
Design values for stress-graded dimensional lumber, published in the National Design Specification® for Wood Construction (NDS), apply only to wood with a maximum moisture content of 19 percent that is used in dry service conditions. Typical applications include enclosed buildings, properly ventilated roofs and covered structures where members are protected from the weather. However, when the moisture content of wood is expected to exceed 19 percent for an extended period of time while in service, allowable design values must be reduced by the appropriate wet service factors.
The wet service factors for truss design vary by property. For example, there is no reduction for tension parallel-to-grain (Ft), but a 33 percent reduction is required for compression perpendicular-to-grain (Fc˔). Additionally, the lateral resistance (or grip) value (VLR) for metal connector plates is reduced by 20 percent.
The same 20 percent reduction of plate grip applies to trusses that are fabricated with green or wet lumber, where the moisture content is greater than 19 percent. However, no reduction is required when those green or unseasoned lumber trusses are used in an application that results in the wood elements drying to and remaining below a 19 percent moisture content.
Lumber moisture content is expected to exceed 19 percent when the wood is exposed to an average air humidity of 85 percent or more for an extended period of time or when the wood has direct exposure to rain and other moisture sources. For example, wet service scenarios might include:
- Floor trusses over a crawl space and within 18 inches of exposed ground.
- Trusses supporting an outdoor balcony with a moisture-permeable floor covering like concrete or masonry and without an impervious moisture barrier.
- Trusses over an indoor swimming pool where the plenum or attic space is insufficiently ventilated and conditioned.
- Open-air sheds that experience repeated wetting and drying due to rain.
- Agricultural buildings housing livestock where slatted floors hold manure slurry.
A sustained high moisture level not only has an adverse effect on wood strength properties and plate grip, but it also makes wood more susceptible to wood-destroying fungi and decay. Accordingly, if trusses are to be placed in high moisture applications, truss designers should select a wood species that is naturally resistant to decay or preservative-treated lumber.
Of course, preservative treatment options can also affect lumber and connector plate design properties—but that’s a topic for a future article!Model Town tragedy: JIT decides to investigate Nawaz Sharif in jail
ISLAMABAD (92 News) – The joint investigation team formed to probe into the Model Town tragedy to investigate former prime minister Nawaz Sharif in jail.
Accountability Court Judge Arshad Malik has allowed the JIT to investigate Nawaz Sharif. Punjab Police DSP Muhammad Iqbal had filed an application seeking permission to investigate Nawaz Sharif.
Shehbaz, Hamza & others refuse to appear before JIT
Former Punjab chief minister Shehbaz Sharif, his son Hamza Shehbaz, former law minister Rana Sanaullah and other Pakistan Muslim League-N (PML-N) leaders had refused to appear before new joint investigation team (JIT) in the Model Town case..Can I use any car battery in my car ?Posted on by adminForCF
No, you cannot. Every car has specific battery requirements so that it can perform at an optimum level. At Car Fit Experts, we provide genuine and best-in-class Amaron and Exide batteries recommended for your car. We have an extensive network of service centers providing car battery on site replacement. We also offer doorstep battery check, installation, car battery change service and car battery delivery services as well.Main Causes of insecurity in India and solutions
As one of the globe’s largest democracy, India faces many security challenges both locally and internationally. In the past fifty years, it has fought war against its two neighbors, Pakistan and china. Both nations contain nuclear weapons as India does. Making it more than worse and a threat to India’s national security Pakistan and china are united and exchange high technology military possessions like missiles. India’s hostile association with Pakistan emerged from a territorial disagreement over the state of Kashmir which both countries claim. This resulted to the 2008 terrorist attack in Mumbai by the Islamic militants groups hosted by Pakistan (Chapter 2 Realist Theories, 2011).
One of the ways one can use to confront security environments is by implementing measures that regulate arms race. Arms race is the process of building up military weapons in competition, and response to arm dominance. The main aim of arms race is preparing for actions of brutality against each other. Regulating arms race reduces the escalation of threats and thus encourages confidence amongst each other. For instance, the soviet-US nuclear arms race led to the rise of thousands of nuclear weapons.
During a debate held in Lok Sabha about the Indo-US treaty on nuclear energy, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh pointed out that, “the august house should recognize the changed disposition towards India that it is against the US and supporting the Soviet Union” (Shveta & Peyyeti, 2006). He urged US to make good relation with it since it was a pre-eminent power (Shveta & Peyyeti, 2006). Then again, the prime minister signed peace agreements with japan in 2006 (Shveta & Peyyeti, 2006).
Nonetheless, another way of confronting security issues that arise from collective possession problem is by using the reciprocity mechanism. This mechanism unravels the problem by punishing or rewarding behaviors that encourages egotism at the expense of a group. The shortcomings of reciprocity as a way of solving a problem is that it is likely to lead to what is termed as downward spiral where a group just punishes the other for what it believes to be negative to it. However, in international relations, it forms the source of most of the institutions and permits nations to control agreements as well as bit by bit conflict resolution measures (Goldstein & Pevehouse, 2009).
On the other hand, the principle of identity can be used to confront security problems. This principle does not depend on self-interest. Associates of the identity group care about the concern of others more than they care about theirs. They sacrifice their concern in order to profit others. This principle encourages people to live as though they have the same ethnic origin, same nationality and same religious group (Goldstein & Pevehouse, 2009)
Conversely, there is the statecraft mechanism. This is the art of controlling state affairs in a way that makes it possible to maneuver effectively in a world of power politics amid sovereign states. The power strategies are used by actors to cultivate and deploy power competences to accomplish their goals. The fundamental aspect of plan, is selecting the type of abilities to develop and the given inadequate resources, so as to maximize international influence (Chapter 2 Realist Theories, 2011).
In conclusion, the major consideration in conflict confrontation is by coming up with a mutual understandings and decrees that govern this understanding. Conflict between nations majorly arises from land disputes like Pakistan and India and also struggle for dominance. Establishing of power hierarchy also is another major cause of state conflicts. Those at the top govern those who are below and thus fighting for top position begins because of lack of resources. An instance of dominance is in the united nation council where the strongest military powers in the world hold veto. However, the only solution to counter all this to avoid security threats because of dominance is by instilling power sharing deals.
References
Chapter 2 Realist Theories. (2011).Policy perspectives prime minister of India, Manmohan Singh. Retrieved on 12 november, 2012 from < >
Goldstein J. S., & Pevehouse, J. (2009). International Relations. Harlow, England: Pearson-Longman publishers.
Shveta, U., & Peyyeti, R. (2006). Contemporary world politics. New Delhi, India: Shakun Printer publication, Print.He pledged when he started writing to always respond to readers, and love getting comments and questions, so please contact him using one of his favorite social networking sites below. As always, happy reading!
Where you can find David Estes hanging out:
You can find David's books in paperback and eBook, ready for purchase now from Amazon and Smashwords
As you're a bit of travel junkie, which destination has given you the most inspiration when writing and why?
Ha! Travel junkie! That’s putting it lightly. My wife, Adele, and I have been travelling for 13 months now, while I write and she writes and takes photographs. We love seeing the world and all the different places we see and people we meet undoubtedly provide me with crazy-huge amounts of inspiration! Hmm, I’d say Mexico or Morocco were the most inspirational. We spent four months in Mexico and five weeks in Morocco, and saw many unique and remarkable people and places. I think they were so inspirational because they were so different than the places I’ve lived in. At every turn there was something I’d never seen before, camels and underground rivers and sandstorms and on and on, and I could see them coming to life on the pages of my books. A few new book / series ideas were spawned and the ones I was working on benefitted from the uniqueness of my surroundings. This trip has truly been an awesome experience and I hate to see it end in 2014.
You love to dance and sing (not surprising since you remind me a little of Chris Martin from Coldplay), so what would be your ultimate karaoke song, and would we need ear plugs to witness that event?
Double ha! Adele and I watch lots of dancing and singing shows and we love hosting our own dance parties (just the two of us), that typically include lots of singing. I love love love music and sing quite often, but I’m not sure if I’d ever be able to pick just one song! Maybe something by Weezer, like 'Say it Ain’t So' or 'Surf Wax America', or perhaps Red Hot Chili Peppers' 'Under the Bridge'. Something from the 90s alternative rock era, when being a teenager was the ultimate freedom.
As for the earplugs, it would generally depend on the note haha! I’m not the best singer, but not the worst either, so if I’m singing a part of the song that’s in my very-narrow range, it might sound alright. But if I’m trying to hit an impossibly high falsetto note, you might want to stick your fingers in your ears!
Your lovely wife Adele shares the same name as your female heroine in your awesome Dwellers series. Are there any similarities between the two?
Funny you ask, as Adele and I were just talking about this with some friends the other day. They asked the same question! In short, no. I chose the name partly out of respect for my wife, partly because she inspires me to write, and partly because I just love the name and it felt right for the character. The Adele in the Dwellers is quite tomboy-ish, whereas my Adele is very feminine (which suits me just fine!). However, in some ways, like her spirit, loyalty to family and friends, and spunk, they are fairly similar.
If your life was being made into a movie, what would it be called and who would you want to play David Estes?
As if! Okay, I’ll bite. If, and that’s a really BIG if, by some miracle anyone ever had an interest in turning my life into a movie, it would be called The Dreamer and would star James Marsden as he does comedy really well without being over the top. And yes, my life would definitely be a comedy / drama.
And the weekly question, I love to support independent authors, do you have any words of wisdom for potential authors wanting to make the leap into writing?
My biggest advice is to do it for the right reasons; namely, because you love writing. Although it is my career and livelihood, I write because it’s my favorite thing in the world to do. Don’t expect to become the next bestseller (although you might be), don’t expect millions of readers to flock to your books (although it’s possible), and don’t do it to make a quick buck (because you probably won't!) DO IT FOR THE LOVE OF WORDS!
For those who are looking for more substantial advice for Indie authors, check out my popular blog post on Everything I Wish I Knew When I Started Writing: HERE
A special thanks to Kelly for having me on her AWESOME blog!The National Football League has been at the center of a major political controversy after protest from it's players during the national anthem sparked the ire of a huge number of their fans, while another segment of their fans have been fully in support of the actions from the players. This obviously creates a rather tense political climate and as a result whenever a player comes out and speaks his mind on the topic he risks placing himself smack dab in the middle of all the controversy.
In spite of the obvious risks involved in getting involved in this heated political issue on Friday Dallas Cowboys star quarterback Dak Prescott shared his thoughts on the issue. Prescott took a hard stance that may rub some of his fellow NFL players the wrong way, but it was obvious based on his comments that Prescott feels strongly about the issue and does not agree with the protests during the anthem.
“I’d never protest during anthem, and I don’t think that’s the time or the venue to do so,” Prescott said as per Pro Football Talk. ..”
Do not think however that Prescott is not making efforts to help improve the community in spite of his lack of participation in the protests during the anthem. In fact Prescott cites the fact that he would much rather take action in order to help improve the lives of others instead of simply kneeling during the national anthem.
“I respect what all those guys believe in,” Prescott said. “If they believe it’s going to make a change, and it’s making a difference, then power to them. But for me, I think it’s about [taking] action..”
No doubt he will be hearing about these comments from both those who agree with his stance as well as those who disagree. That being said though Prescott seems very comfortable in his position and that's likely why he felt so confident when speaking out.
Photo Credit: Keystone Press3. You can make the pool virtually any shape and size within reason. However, these pools take longer to build and are more expensive.
If your budget is a little tight, aboveground pools may be better. They won't have a seamless look in the backyard, but they'll still do the job of providing you and your family with pool fun. Additionally, aboveground pools can be shipped to your home quickly.
Safety
Whether you plan on swimming with friends or children in the family, pool safety is paramount to consider. You wouldn't want anyone hurting themselves or potentially drowning, after all. There are several safety features you should consider equipping for this pool.
One of the most important is a gate. By putting a tall gate around your pool, people won't be able to easily access it. This is vital if you have children. Pool sensors are also worth installing in your pool. If someone or a pet accidentally falls in, the sensors will sound an audible alarm so you can respond promptly.
Features
A residential pool wouldn't be complete without unique features that let you maximize your time spent in it every day. If your budget is pretty substantial, you can't go wrong with a remote cave. It can isolate an area off from the rest of the pool, perfect for being romantic or getting some much-needed alone time.
Water fountains are also a nice touch to any pool. Not only do they provide a nice visual effect, but the sounds of trickling water can also create a peaceful atmosphere that you can just drift off listening to. LED lights may also be worth investing in. They come in so many different colors, helping you create a distinct aesthetic at night.
If you're hoping to put your very own pool in the backyard, there are so many great paths you can go down. Just make sure you assess the most important details so this project works out perfectly. Contact a pool design service for additional help.The latest title in the Doctor Who: Short Trips range from Big Finish is now available. The Mistpuddle Murders sees Sarah Sutton tell a new Fifth Doctor story featuring Nyssa and Tegan.
The Doctor Who: Short Trips range has been running for several years now. These shorter Doctor Who stories are read by an original cast member or Big Finish actor. They are also available to purchase at a bargain price for download only.
Stay tuned to BlogtorWho as we bring you a full review of The Mistpuddle Murders.
Doctor Who: 8.11 The Mistpuddle Murders is available now from the Big Finish website.
Synopsis
Release #47 is a Fifth Doctor, Nyssa and Tegan story.
Welcome to Mistpuddle.
“I’m sure you’re all wondering why I’ve gathered you here. I’m sure you’re all wondering why the village is home to woodland creatures with a taste for tea, cakes and secrets. And I’m sure you’re all wondering where the Doctor has vanished to. The truth is not as quaint as the pretty cottages and mostly cute residents would have you believe.
Murder has come to Mistpuddle. And no-one is leaving until we uncover whodunnit.”With my Dissertation Presentation completed, I can take a couple of weeks off and enjoy the holidays. Here in the States, at this point in December, it already looks a lot like Christmas with light displays, shopping and of course parties and get togethers occurring almost every night. As I finish my Christmas decorating, I can’t believe 2018 is almost over. It’s time to begin making plans for 2019 and begin the process of writing down my initial hopes and goals for the new year. One list will be for what worked great last year and another for what skills/traits/habits I need to improve upon or even get rid of.
My Dissertation Project is at the top of my “accomplishments to do” for 2019. Surprisingly I’m not anxious about it as, so far, it has been such a great experience. With timeline in place, it will be a one step at a time process.
I’ve included some holiday pics, from my farm and local town, although the Christmas Lights of Edinburgh are hard to top! Enjoy!On Aug 27, 1:01pm, Peter Stephenson wrote: } } } All I've added is the read and write --- the pipe was there anyway as } the key part of the master/slave interface. Ah, sorry; I misread the patch. In exec.c synch is the array that holds the pair of pipe descriptors, so I was expecting a new pipe here. I spent a while wondering whether it could ever matter to either side of the pty that it had been used to transmit an extra byte before the real conversation started, but I didn't come up with any objection.>>.
Updated and expanded, this text covers every aspect of training - from planning to delivery and evaluation. It includes new chapters on special training applications as well as guidance on numerous topics such as: technology, literacy, lesson plans, games and negotiating.
ISBN: 9780814403419
ISBN-10: 0814403417
Audience: Professional
For Ages: 17+ years old
For Grades: 12+
Format: Hardcover
Language: English
Number Of Pages: 428
Published: 30th November 1997
Country of Publication: US
Dimensions (cm): 25.9 x 18.1 x 4.0
Weight (kg): 1.08
Edition Number: 3
Edition Type: RevisedPut healthy eating Scottish mackerel on your New Year menu plan
With the New Year almost upon us and people turning their thoughts towards healthy eating resolutions, Scottish fishermen and processors say now is the perfect time for consumers to put nutritious mackerel and herring onto their weekly menus.
Both mackerel and herring are packed full of heart-beneficial omega-3 fatty acids and contain a vast array of vitamins and minerals to ensure a healthy body and mind.
UK health experts recommend that people should eat two portions of fish per week, one of which should be an oily fish such as herring or mackerel.
Furthermore, Scottish caught mackerel and herring come from sustainable fisheries that carry the Marine Stewardship Council ecolabel for the responsible way in which they are managed.
Ian Gatt, chairman of the Scottish Pelagic Sustainability Group, which was created by fishermen and processors to ensure a sustainable future for the mackerel and herring sector, says both fish can be bought in a variety of convenient forms.
“The winter mackerel season will shortly be upon us, which means that fresh mackerel should soon be available in many supermarkets and fishmongers. However, hot smoked mackerel is available all year-round and is incredibly versatile in the kitchen.
“For those looking for healthy eating ideas for the New Year, smoked mackerel is great flaked over a salad or made into a delicious pâté. Scottish canned mackerel can also be served in many ways, for example mixed with low-fat mayonnaise to produce a delicious and healthy sandwich filler.
“Herring are also available smoked as kippers, and there is no better healthy weekend breakfast treat than grilled kippers.”Thousands Without Power In Central New York – Find Out When Power Will Be Restored
The heavy wet snow is causing power outages in Central New York.
According to the National Grid website, 16,569 customers were without power as of Noon today.
- Oneida County, 11,028
- Herkimer, 2,463
- Madison, 3,068
- Oneida, 14,798
National Grid says it's "assessing conditions" as far as to when power is expected to be restored..Consumer Research Needs Sensory Software
In a world that offers unlimited choices at the click of a mouse, choosing your sensory analysis software application for consumer research is actually quite simple. RedJade’s sensory software combines over four decades of sensory experience with today’s cutting edge technology.
Let’s explore three reasons why RedJade’s sensory software should be your choice for sensory and consumer research.
For starters, RedJade’s sensory software for sensory and consumer research was developed by leading experts in the sensory science field. Originally part of Tragon Corporation, the leader in sensory research since 1974 – developers of Quantitative Descriptive Analysis (QDA®), Product Optimization (PROP®), and many other sensory methodologies that are now considered industry standard – RedJade sensory software was developed for sensory experts by sensory experts.
Secondly, RedJade Software Solutions, LLC is based in Silicon Valley – home to the world’s leading software innovators such as Facebook, Google, Oracle, Instagram, Airbnb, Uber, Lyft, Yahoo, HP, LinkedIn and many, many more. Why is this important? A couple of reasons. For one, skilled talent. Because RedJade’s sensory software is built using today’s leading edge (and often bleeding edge) technology, it’s important to have software is second to none is because application runs entirely on the web with any web browser.. RedJade’s sensory software can do any of this. Consumers
America likes to shop, and we spend a lot of time doing it. Every year Americans spend trillions of dollars on clothing, electronics, homes and household items, cars and a billion other products. It’s hard to believe the staggering amounts being spent. In 1930, the average American woman owned 9 outfits. Nowadays the average American woman owns 30. 25% of people who have two-car garages don’t have space to park their cars. One in ten Americans rents a storage unit outside of their home. Source:Brand: Sheaffer
Type: Ball Pen
Model: Valor
Condition: (Used)
Material: Palladium Plated
Vintage: Yes
Made In USA
Every product is unique, just like you. If you're looking for a product that fits the mold of your life, the Sheaffer Valor Burgundy Polished Finish W/ Palladium Plated Ball Pen is for you.
Inventory Last Updated: Nov 27, 2021
Inventory Last Updated: Nov 27, 2021Long time no release
Update: Apparently, I used a too recent version of libgee when generating the release tarball. Therefore, gnome-dvb-daemon 0.1.6 doesn't compile with libgee 0.1.5. I just released version 0.1.7 which fixes this problem.
After two months since the last release I'm proud to announce GNOME DVB Daemon 0.1.6.
If you don't know what it is:
GNOME DVB Daemon is a daemon written in Vala based on GStreamer to setup your DVB devices, record and watch TV shows and browse EPG. It can be controlled by any application via its D-Bus interface.
I'm particularly happy about this release, because it fixes two of the most annoying bugs. First of all, the channel scanner now produces the same results on each scan. Secondly, it's now possible to record multiple shows on the same transport stream at the same time. In order for the latter to work properly you currently need gst-plugins-bad from git (a tarball is supposed to be released soon). Both bugs would still be present if the awesome Zaheer had not fixed fixed a couple of bugs in GStreamer and helped me getting the recording done correctly. Thanks a lot man!
Furthermore, I added a dialog to gnome-dvb-control to manage recordings. EPG data is now stored for each device group separately. Therefore, you have to delete the old database in ~/.cache/gnome-dvb-daemon.
You can download the latest release at
This version requires gst-rtsp-server 0.10.2.
It also seems to need libgee
It also seems to need libgee from git, hopefully there'll be a new release soon.
Are you sure? It works for
In reply to It also seems to need libgee by LaHaine (not verified)
Are you sure? It works for me with libgee 0.1.5
In Datei, eingefügt von
In reply to Are you sure? It works for by sebp
In Datei, eingefügt von ./src/Cable/CableChannel.h:29,
von src/Cable/CableChannel.c:20:
./src/Channel.h:27:17: Fehler: gee.h: Datei oder Verzeichnis nicht gefunden
gee.h doesn't exist in libgee 0.1.5 here.
You're right, my version of
In reply to In Datei, eingefügt von by LaHaine (not verified)
You're right, my version of libgee was to recent. I just released a new version. I updated the version required version of gst-rtsp-server in this one, too. Unfortunately, the current release of gst-rtsp-server contains the wrong version number in it's pkg-config file. You can manually set the version to 0.10.2 in /usr/lib/pkgconfig/gst-rtsp-server-0.10.pc
Another on the way?
Is there another release in the works? Has been a couple of months since the last one!Global News at 6 New Brunswick November 9 2018 4:48pm 01:54 Fredericton program helping immigrants become established Fri, Nov 9: Newcomers to Canada can sometimes find it hard to get established and find a job. But a program in Fredericton is working to change that. Megan Yamoah reports. Responsive site?September 2017
From Executive Director Tom Ikeda
Dear Friends,
Personal stories have the power to connect our communities, guide the work we do, and inspire each of us. Earlier this week, I was in Washington, D.C. to lead a history session at a national convention of Asian and Pacific American non-profit organizations. The purpose of this session was to acknowledge the difficulties we face in navigating a political environment where vulnerable communities are under heightened attacks—and to find lessons in our shared history, where we have seen this repeatedly.
To get us grounded, we each told our personal story of why social justice work is so important to us.
We heard family histories of coming from war-torn Vietnam and Cambodia, growing up as a Chinese American amidst racism in a Midwest town, journeys to explore Polynesian roots, being in Koreatown during the L.A. riots, and Japanese American families incarcerated during World War II. Sharing and hearing these powerful stories gave me a feeling of empathy, inspiration, gratitude, and resilience.
If you feel overwhelmed by the daily mind-numbing examples of racism and injustice happening in our country today,
take a moment to find your own personal story and share it with someone else
. Then ask that person to share their story. I hope making this connection will give you strength and clarity as we face the difficult days ahead.
Sincerely,
Tom Ikeda
Curriculum: Examining Racism and Discrimination Through Oral History
For the past two years, we've been developing and workshopping a new curriculum that uses personal stories and oral history to bring conversations about racism and discrimination to the classroom. Please help us share it widely -- these conversations are so needed right now.
>>
View the curriculum
.
Thanks to our funders, the U.S. Department of the Interior, National Park Service, Japanese American Confinement Sites Grant Program and the Kip Tokuda Memorial Washington Civil Liberties Public Education Program.
And THANK YOU to all of our individual Densho donors who helped us meet the required matching funds for these grants. We truly could not do this important work without you!
Join Us For the First Annual Densho Dinner
Join Us On November 18th For Our First Annual Densho Dinner!
We are busy planning the 2017 Densho Dinner and we think you're going to love it. We're creating a program that will get you thinking and talking about the need for civic action. But we're also introducing fun new features too: A Dessert Dash will allow guests to pool their resources and compete for a selection of fine cakes and confections. A Wine Grab will put your divination skills to the test as you select from a lineup of cloaked wine bottles, valued between $30 and $100. Wine and cake for a good cause? Everyone’s a winner
!
Buy Tickets
5 Ways You Can Help Us Make our First Densho Dinner a Success
We need your help in making our first annual Densho Dinner a success. Here are five ways to get involved:
Buy
individual tickets
or sign up to serve as a
table captain
.
Volunteer at the event.
Donate items for our wine grab or dessert dash.
Sponsor the event.
Donate an item for our live auction.
Have we piqued your interest?
Email Naoko Magasis and let her know how you'd like to get involved:
naoko.magasis@densho.org
New Staff Announcement
This summer we welcomed Cameron Johnson on board as our new
Assistant Digital Archivist
. Having worked on collections at U.C. Berkeley’s Folklore Archive as well as those at the Minidoka National Historic Site, Cameron’s interests are centered on the preservation and presentation of narratives in historically underrepresented communities. Most content when poking around cultural texts and esoteric computer systems, he is elated to get to do both in his new position at Densho. Cameron holds a B.A. in anthropology and a minor in rhetoric from the University of California, Berkeley. He is continually humbled and emboldened by the experiences gained at the intersections of public outreach and collections management.
Blog Highlight: 4 Crucial Things to Remember As You #DefendDACA
Last week, President Trump turned the futures of 800,000 young immigrants, many of whom know no life outside the U.S., into gambling chips in a toxic political climate. Aside from being unquestionably cruel, a
lawsuit filed by 15 state attorney generals
alleges that the administration’s actions were motivated by racial bias and that they violate the due process rights of DACA recipients. We’ve got a long battle ahead, folks, and there are a few crucial things to remember as we wage that battle.
>>
Read more
.
Visual History Spotlight
Alfred "Al" Miyagishima was born in Scottsbluff, Nebraska, but moved with his family to Stockton, California, before World War II. During the war, he was incarcerated in the Stockton Assembly Center, California, and the Gila River concentration camp, Arizona. In this clip, he describes his first impressions of the camp at Stockton.
>>
Watch the clip
.
Scapegoat Cities
This month, scholar and longtime Densho collaborator Eric Muller debuted a new podcast featuring stories from WWII incarceration. The first three episodes are currently available online and through iTunes. Listen in and let us know what you think!
Listen now
.
STAY CONNECTED:
Densho | info@densho.org | |
Make a Donation1 Bedroom Flat Let in CHELTENHAM, GL50
*NO AGENCY FEES* AVAILABLE 26 NOVEMBER 2012. A 1 bedroom raised ground floor RETIREMENT APARTMENT for the over 55s with resident House Manager. In one of the most prestigious locations in Cheltenham: "The Park"Flashing Wheels Lesson 3
In this lesson students use their paper prototypes and algorithms from the previous lesson to create their micro:bit prototype using the MakeCode editor
Curriculum links
- Computing: Algorithms, pseudocode, logical thinking, programming, iteration, loops, selection, variables, testing and debugging, paired programming, evaluation
- Science: Day and Night / Sensors
- Citizenship: Road safety
- Design and Technology: Product design
Skills: Designing, analysing, problem solving, team working, presenting
Background
It is assumed that you have first completed Lesson 1 and 2 of the Flashing Wheels activity. Although some experience of programming and using iteration, loops, selection and variables and using micro:bit is helpful, you can adjust the lesson accordingly for your students and spend more on these areas if necessary.
Introduction
In this lesson students use their paper prototypes and algorithms from the previous lesson to create their micro:bit prototype using the MakeCode editor.
Teacher Guide
Learning Objectives
- To follow a pseudocode algorithm to program a ‘Flashing wheel’ device
- To use iteration, loops, selection and variables in code as appropriate
- To use paired programming if helpful
- To test and debug code
- To evaluate and present a complete Flashing Wheels solution
Agenda
- Introduction (5 minutes)
- MakeCode environment (5 minutes)
- Programming (paired) (15 minutes)
- Testing and refining code (15 minutes)
- Wrap up (5 minutes)
Introduction
- Remind students they will be coding their ‘Flashing Wheels’ device (slide 2) and recap their algorithms from last lesson (slide 3), inviting them to share how the algorithms will help them in their coding today. Share the learning objectives on slide 4 if you wish.
Activities
Programming their Flashing Wheels solution
- If necessary, use Sarah’s Flashing Wheels example to illustrate moving from algorithm to programming (slide 5) and give students time to explore the environment or let them get started straight away.
Programming (paired)
- If helpful, introduce paired programming to students if they have not used it already (slide 7), inviting them to share their ideas about why it is helpful. Get them to choose the initial driver and navigator, though ensure they swop roles during programming.
- As they program, encourage students students finish, ask them to share their work with other students to help them to test and refine their code.
- They can then evaluate their work (slide 8).
Presenting Flashing Wheels devices
- Help students to set up a ‘station’ with their work on display (the user persona, paper and micro:bit prototype) and have a class showcase of their work where they explain what they have created.
- You could invite other students and/or teachers. Invite students to present their work and others to give feedback (e.g. WWW/EBI, 2 stars and a wish)
- Discuss any common issues and highlight key learning as appropriate to your students.
Lesson wrap up
Explain that next lesson they will be using the knowledge, understand and skills they have been developing over the last 4 lessons to design their own innovation to address a problem relating to safety for children and remind them of the micro:bit challenge (slide 9). Explain that next lesson they will be using the knowledge, understand and skills they have been developing over the last 4 lessons to design their own innovation to address a problem relating to safety for children and remind them of the micro:bit challenge (slide 9).
Extension / homework
- You could video students presenting their work and they could add it to an assessment portfolio.
- You could get students to start thinking up ideas for the Global Challenge for homework.
Differentiation
Support:
- You could also give out printed versions of the blocks to sequence before coding and help students to program their device by working with others, or through additional support.
Stretch & challenge:
Students can be challenged to consider the most efficient way of writing the program and to explain why. They can act as ‘expert troubleshooters’ to help others if workable and if students wish, they could also use one of the other editors (e.g. python)
Opportunities for assessment:
- You could ask students to create an assessment portfolio of their work for formal assessment, or you could informally assess their work as they present it and from their programs.TALLAHASSEE, Fla. – Fresh off its third Atlantic Coast Conference championship, the Florida State women’s soccer team will open the NCAA Tournament Friday night at 7:00 p.m. as the Seminoles (18-1-1) host South Alabama (19-2-1).
Florida State and South Alabama are squaring off in the first round of the NCAA Tournament for the second straight year. Last year, the Seminoles defeated the Jaguars behind a two-goal performance from Carson Pickett and a four-point effort from Megan Campbell (1G, 2A). The Noles scored three goals in the first 21 minutes en route to a 5-0 victory.
FSU is 6-0-0 all-time against USA with four of those victories coming in Tallahassee. The Noles have outscored the Jaguars 25-2 in the previous six matches with FSU notching four shutouts including three in a row.
Florida State has posted an all-time record of 10-1-1 against current Sun Belt Conference schools. The Noles have played four other schools in the Sun Belt but six of those 12 matches have come against South Alabama.
The Jaguars enter the tournament winners of nine straight and unbeaten in their last 18 matches (17-0-1). South Alabama has posted 12 shutouts on the year and has allowed just three goals in the last seven games. Charde Hannah has paced the Jaguar offense through 22 games with 47 points on 20 goals and seven assists including seven game-winning goals.
Florida State earned the ACC’s automatic bid into the NCAA Tournament after claiming its third league title in the last four years. This year’s berth marks FSU’s 15th consecutive NCAA Tournament appearance. South Alabama, winners of the Sun Belt Conference for the second straight year, is making its second consecutive appearance in the NCAA Tournament. of at least 15 straight appearances.
The Seminoles are 31-1-0 at home all-time in the NCAA Tournament outscoring the opposition 96-16. FSU enters Friday’s match winners of 13 straight NCAA Tournament matches at home. The Seminoles have just one loss in their last 45 home matches (43-1-1).
Tickets for the NCAA Women’s Soccer Tournament).
——Finalists cover a range of art formats, including sculpture, ceramics, and photography.The winner and five finalists of the 2017 SA Taxi Foundation Art Award were announced on 5 April 2017 at Lizamore & Associates Gallery, on the art strip in Rosebank, Johannesburg.
The winner is painter and printmaker, Banele Khoza. The finalists are Mashudu Nevhutalu, Lebohang Kganye, Duma Mtimkulu, Mpho Mokgadi, and Jabu Nkomo.
First place is awarded a cash prize of R50 000, with finalists each receiving R10 000 in cash. The hallmark of the competition is the requirement for an artist to produce an original work and then interpret it as a decal to be wrapped around a minibus taxi. Each work is carried by 10 taxis on selected routes for a year. The works are also displayed for one month at Lizamore & Associates Gallery, which partners with the SA Taxi Foundation in managing the Award. The combined exposure on the taxis and at the gallery together with all related publicity amount to a public relations value of some R600 000. This gives participating artists an introduction to the market that would otherwise be beyond their means.
The scope of this year’s Award had been expanded beyond two-dimensional original artworks to include three-dimensional works, multiples, mixed media, and digital.
“We were gratified to see that the works of the winner and the finalists represent a range of different art formats, justifying our expansion of categories for this year,” says SA Taxi Foundation director, Lishani Letchmiah.
“Also interesting is that this year’s winner was among our top 30 semi-finalists in the first two years of the competition. One of this year’s finalists, Mashudu Nevhutalu, received a merit award in 2016. All entries are anonymous and none of this year’s judges had participated in previous years. So, the fact that, in spite of an increase of 68% in the number of entries, artists have been independently recognised several times over the years validates the consistent quality and ingenuity of their work.
“It also illustrates the consistency of those in the South African art industry to whom we, as the general public, look for expertise and insight into the arts. We have a world class art community. The young people entering our Award have large shoes to fill. Based on the quality of their work, we believe they will do so comfortably.”
The top six works include a sculpture, a ceramic plate, and two photographic entries as well as conventional two-dimensional art. The top thirty semi-finalists include illustrations by designers and, in one case, jewellery.
Winner, Banele Khoza, has a Fine Arts degree from Tshwane University. He was among the top 100 of the 2015 and 2016 Barclays L’Atelier art competition, and studied at the London International School of Fashion for a year. In 2016, he held his first solo exhibition, at the Pretoria Art Museum and exhibited at the AKAA Art Fair, at Le Carreau du Temple, in Paris. To date in 2017 alone he was showcase at Cape Town Art Fair, with Smith Studio, held his second solo exhibition, Lonely Nights, at Lizamore and Associates Gallery, curated a group exhibition, ‘Khula Ukhokhobe’, at the University of Stellenbosch Woordfees Art Festival and participates in a group exhibition titled ‘Le jour qui vient’ at Galeries Lafayette, Paris, curated by Marie-Ann Yemsi.
The Top 30 semi-finalists, finalists and winners work is on exhibition at Lizamore & Associates gallery from 6 April – 29 April 2017. Ten percent of the sales these works is used as a scholarship for an emerging artist to attend the Artist Proof Studio (APS). The scholarship covers a year’s tuition, transport, and stationery. Mixo Khosa will be the beneficiary of the 2017 scholarship at the APS. The SA Taxi Foundation partnership with APS focuses on the organisations’ shared objective of enhancing the economic value of art in society through the incubation and up-skilling of local artistic talent, enabling artists to derive financial benefit from their work.backlog flush #62
Goose egg, actually, which led to this brilliant comment on there, "I forgot to measure the yolk, but it's approximately the same size as a new-born goose." Heh!
--LAN3
Sat Nov 4 16:38:41 2006
Kirk, my former stepfather is from Portugal. His friend was the famous Fado singer Amalia. I was familiar with some terms used to express longing like "saudade" but had never seen a good link like this to describe it better. I guess some of the works I've posted at blender are somewhat in this vein, but hadn't put a descriptive word like this to them before now. Thanks for this link ......
--Rennie
Sat Nov 4 18:07:32 2006
I'm curious about which games were the first to use certain turns of phrase, like "GAME OVER", or when 1UP stopped meaning Player 1 and started meaning Extra Life.
If I had a time machine, I would have traveled back to whenever I had to, and had the machine instead say "GOOD DAY, SIR."
--Nick B
Sun Nov 5 01:42:52 2006
i dig this robot. for the rest of the day i'll smash cameras in his honor.
--FoSO
Mon Nov 6 10:21:08 2006
Hmm. I'm thinking Super Mario Brothers for "1up" but really I have no idea. I was thinking it would fit nicely in an 8-bit-side sprite, but no, not really, if 1 needs 1 pixel, U and P need 3 each, and a space between each letter.
--Kirk
Mon Nov 6 10:47:29 2006
Feel free to write kirkjerk at gmail dot com!1 – What it is and how it relates to Workplace Benefits (offered by employers)
Long term care insurance has to do with the protection of an individual against losing employment in old age or otherwise being unable to work or produce income. It is usually a part of a larger group of workplace benefits that is given to employees.
2 – Who it is for
This kind of care insurance is meant for all people; however, it is most likely applied to people who are employed at a large company because of the expense of the insurance package. Professionals such as lawyers and doctors may also have the ability to engage with a long term insurance plan if they are running a fully independent office for their own benefit.
3 – How it works
A long term care insurance package tends to kick in when an employee is no longer able to work because of something that happens on the job. However, it can also be a policy that kicks in when a person ages out of the workforce due to natural causes. The policy will provide a source of income for the person who is no longer able to work, usually in the form of an annuity. These kinds of policies may also have the ability to gain monetary value on their own. They can be borrowed against for housing and businesses depending on the terms of the agreement.
4 – Different types of coverage in existence
There are different forms of this coverage that are meant for employees of a large company and independent proprietors such as accountants, doctors and lawyers.
5 – Major benefits
The major benefit of this kind of policy is the ability to support oneself after an unexpected accident on the job or aging out of the workforce.Increase of carbon emissions (15% of global CO2 emissions are attributed to the transport sector), traffic jam, air pollution, harmful impact on health, are some of the elements that definitely make reflect about the need to reshape our rusty infrastructures and daily habits that are not contributing for good. Definitely transport represents that change that we need in order to make cities more livable.
Is estimated that around 2.5 billion people -2/3- will be living in cities by 2050, which means more demands in terms of a clean environment and the reshape of infrastructures.
More than ever investment on infrastructures coming from the public sector, becomes essential for making cities sustainable and achieving a system around a 100% green transport. We are not used to be innovative and infrastructures have remained within the same traditional standards for decades. In political aspects, infrastructures have always been the visible side of a successful Administration. From democracies to dictatorships it represents a symbol of power and a good way to justify rise of taxes or/and wrong policies from other grounds.
In Venezuela, Merida cablecar, is considered one of the 10 world´s best cableway, despite the fact that only 480 tourists have used it since 2016. The big green project get trapped in the political vertigo of a Government that does not handle well with crises and had seen on this cableway just a “green marketing opportunity”.
Once again, corruption leads and Green politics are just dark politics painting by a Green layer of pseudo-innovation and excess of marketization that do not aim to improve services but give an image of a clean Administration.
We not only need to get rid of marketization aspects but to the tradition of building new highways, roads, bridges, etc. and investment in modern cars without innovation and sense of “being green”. A sustainable future comes from awareness and commitment from the public sector to boost a new “establishment” on public investment.
Initiatives as the one developed in Los Angeles of painting the roads in white, named “sealcoat” shows that its possible and that innovation is a driver for change with immediate impact on the environment. Indeed, roads painting in dark absorb 80 to 90% of the sun´s rays*.
There is much more than just invest on conservation and construction of better roads but to make it sustainable and a tool that contributes to a better environment.
The rise of the cities, with half of the world population living on it has left the idea of a middle class that met the challenges of an urban living with more spending on polluted habits on transport. That was definitely the mentality of the 90s´that still today and prevent for a system change.
There is still not a general perception of associating a green transportation to high standards of living and these culture codes impact negatively on the pursue of a green goal on transportation.
Global Goals are definitely a driver for change and a way to make the political agenda mandatory green. SDG 9 “Industry, innovation and infrastructure” forces to make an in-depth change of the system –not just on policies- and make of transport a sustainable tool that contributes to reduce emissions and at the same time boost growth and new habits. At regional level the European Union has taken important and determinate steps for transforming transport into a “contributor” for a clean environment by setting limits for average CO2 emissions per kilometer from new passenger cars.
If innovation it’s the tool for building new infrastructures around a green transport its clear that a robust regulation represents a paramount framework to achieve successful goals. Even if there is a formal commitment to Global Goals there are still been seen as a matter of good political intentions and leaders with a green vision, not as a rule to follow However, it must be absorbed among politicians and mainly among citizens that the agenda has a clear priority and that it is mandatory: transformation towards green.
If there is not full awareness from citizens of the need to influence politicians towards green innovative goals there are few chances that cities could become a sustainable place for living. In which transport represents the main challenge for addressing in the next decades. Change of individual habits, strategic selection of leaders, green regulation, innovative infrastructures and R+D investment are some of the challenges.
Green cities…the sky is the limit.
-
-
-
One thought on “The sky is the limit…towards a green innovative transport”The 91st Textile Institute World Conference at School of Design
We are delighted to announce that School of Design will be hosting The 91st Textile Institute World Conference from 24 to 26 July 2018.
This year’s conference explores the theme of Integrating Design with Sustainable Technology.
The week-long event will focus on on identifying and establishing interdisciplinary engagement in the textile manufacturing and retail industry through the technology, design, sustainability, research and economy.
Chris Carr, Professor of Textile Technology and Head of School of Design commented:
“The School of Design has been undergoing a major refurbishment and re-equipment over the past few years with the clear intention to be one of the best textile education and research providers in the world.
In establishing these world class facilities it is important to share that ambition with the industry, prospective students, the UK government and our global alumni.
What better place to showcase the changes, ambition and our activities than The Textile Institute World Conference.
The main conference title is ‘Integrating Design with Sustainable Technology’. However this is a broad church which encompasses the full gamut and diversity of the textile industry.
The key element in the conference is to bring together the industry practitioners, researchers manufacturers, managers, industry shapers, and the next generation of textile and fashion innovators, the students.
In creating a dynamic forum for discussion and sharing the broader perspective of where the industry is and where it is going, researchers and businesses can engage with the wider textile developments and collaborations can be established which will benefit regional and international businesses, educators, and researchers.”Item Details
Miss Lile
Holsinger, Rufus W.
- Format
- Online; Visual Materials
- Type
- Nonprojected Graphic
- Date Created
- 1915-04-28
- Description
- 8 x 10 in.; Plate is in good condition.
- Collection
- Holsinger Studio Collection
- Notes
- (Wedding)
- Negatives X03198B1-X03198B4 appear to be in a sequence
- Location
- Special Collections, University of Virginia Library, Charlottesville, Va.
- Retrieval ID
- X03198Garage Door Repair Service in Mobile, AL
Electronic Driveway Gate Supplies
Some homeowners consider garage door as a big factor of providing entrance charm of their home while its worth also increases as time passes. A wide garage door will be a great help for you featuring its extra room, you are able to store your gardening tools and other household equipment that you could no more accommodate within your home. Make your garage door energy efficient insulated and save dollars by upgrading it. Additionally, it provided added protection not only to your car however for yourself too. Having it installed can prevent home break-ins and burglary. If you are in the lookout of garage door services, you can always depend on our company. Because our technicians are well-educated, experienced and efficient, your garage door issues will end up as soon as they deal with it., your garage door issues will wind up as soon as they handle it, because our technicians are very well-educated.
-
In addition there are issues that might happen along with your garage door late into the evening and then for this we can surely reply to you. Our company is a business able to help even through the holidays, weekends and night to provide garage door anywhere, anytime and services. The well-being and safety of our own customer is really a main priority. Our technicians have sufficient knowledge and training to fix your garage door problem. We have been proud to become a leading provider or first-rate services and products at reasonable price. Whatever issues you might be working with garage door whether it's a broken parts or else you simply looking for replacement, our organization is your safe harbor for the ideal solutions. Our expert use upgraded tools to solve any garage door issues you might have.
We all do our best to supply only client satisfaction. Are you currently in need for trusted and reliable company? In terms of garage door products and services you can depend on us. Whatever your concerns, whether it is minor or major garage door issues, you will end up assisted. We have been you trusted provider for your tricky garage door or parts problem. There is absolutely no huge or small work for us, as long as it provides something to do with garage door problem, we'll handle it. Our staffs are responsible for answering all your queries and definately will advise possible solutions. Regardless of what kind of problem you may have available, we might love to help you out all the way. Avail free estimates and fast service! Make sure to give us a call when you want our assistance. You are going to surely have reassurance again.
Zipcodes:, goals for 2018. We'll and commit to first steps to making them happen and talk about best practices for shifting habits so that you can have your best year yet.
Women Catalysts is an inclusive community: all are welcome and encouraged to participate. Bring a pen and paper or a notebook to the workshop and if you have any questions, email us.
This event is generously hosted by General Assembly. GA provides innovative training for lifelong learning and success in the in-demand fields of today’s rapidly changing technological economy.Analysis Gyratory Crusher Gear System From Tanzania
Bevel Gear Cone Crusher Htm-cone Crusher
Round Cast Iron Cone Crusher Bevel Gear Rs 10000 Unit Grindwell engineers offering round cast iron cone crusher bevel gear at rs 10000unit in faridabad haryana read about company get contact details and address id 21275845430 Bevel Gear Cone Crusher Htm4.1/5
bevel gear for cone crusher - Seaforth Lodge
primary gyratory crusher bevel gear
primary gyratory crusher bevel gear bevel gear set gyratory crusher ristorantesatueddait kawasaki gyratory crusher kawasakis gyratory crusher for primary crushing of iron ore copper ore or other materials has the discharge setting is adjusted by the amount of oil
bevel gear for crusher - gruppozetasrl.it
Bevel Gear Cone Crusher Mine Equipments Cone crusher ZYC600 Shanghai Joyal Machinery Co Ltd When cone crusher work by the motor through V-belt host pulley drive shaft a small bevel gear bevel gear driving a large external brass rotation axis line of
bevel gear for cone crusher
Crusher Bevel Gear Price vereine-amel. cone crusher bevel gear metal gear view cone crusher bevel gear details and specifiions from bevel gears india pvt. a leading manufacturer of bevel gears in sadaramangala industrial area czs high efficient cone
bevel gear for crusher in korea
bevel gear for crusher in korea Crusher Gearboxes KlingelnbergCrusher Gearboxes In crushing processes for limestone brick and coal the bevel gears used in vertical crushers are not only subjected to tremendous impact loads and environmental loads they must
Large Bevel Gears for Crushing Appli ions - Gear Technology
& 0183;& 32;large. For example a large gyratory crusher may have an eccentric bear-ing clearance exceeding .100" 2.5mm with the resulting floating centerline determining the operating centerline for the bevel gear. Now imagine an automotive-type appli ion with an
Crusher Gear Crushercrusher Gear Gyratory
Oil Lubri ion For Cone Crusher Pay For Work Crusher Lubricant ISO 150 Products Gear Lubricants . D-A Crusher Lubricant provides excellent performance in gyratory cone and jaw crushers. It is also well suited for use in screen gearboxes and bearings
2. GYRATORY CRUSHERS
& 0183;& 32;The bevel gear and pinion provide rotation for the eccentric. The crusher as shown is belt driven. The older long-shaft gyratory crusher which has the gear above the eccentric Fig. 23 has another difference in that the eccentric bearing is supported by a
analysis Gyratory crusher Gear System
Analysis Gyratory Crusher Gear SystemAnalysis Gyratory Crusher Gear System Identify Gyratory Crusher Gear Properties. Gyratory crushers are designated in size e Primary mobile crushing plant Independent operating combined mobile crushing station Mobile
bevel gear for crushing equipment
The gyratory crusher bevel gear cone crusher bevel gear cone crusher Suppliers Alibaba offers 157 bevel gear cone crusher products. About 26% of these are Crusher 14% are Mining Machinery Parts. A wide variety of bevel gear cone crusher options are
Bevel Pinion Gyratory Crusher
bevel gear cone crusher - Mine Equipments A gearbox assembly for a gyratory crusher and/or cone crusher . The crusher of claim 3 wherein the first drive shaft gear is a bevel gear. 5. . T300 Cone Crusher Spiral bevel gear and pinion. Anti-Spin assembly. Wide
Trona Crush Kurimoto Cone Crusher Bevel Gears
cone crusher pdf – Concrete CrushersJaw CrusherBall Mill Allis 500 Cone Crusher Manual 2 “ GP cone crushers have been developed to crush feed materials into Heavy-duty gear and drive train Spiral bevel gears.
Cone Crusher The Machine Cut Bevel Gear And Pinion
cone crusher the machine cut bevel gear and pinion Series cone crushers News Stone Crusher plus installation and setup of the ring and pinion gears in QMS manufacture a huge Bevel Gear for a large gyratory crusher used by one of the worlds Cone Crusher The
bevel pinion gyratory crusher
cone crusher cone bevel gear and umbrellas are much. cone crusher pinion gearsthinkgloballysouthjersey. Parametric Modelling of Straight Bevel Gearing system and Analyzecone crusher pinion gearscrusher is affected by the frequent failures of bevel gear pair 900 which is the sum of the pitch cone angle of gear and pinion In order to secure uniform Cone CrushersConstruction cone crusher
Bevel Gear Cone Crusherfrom Oman-cone Crusher
Long service life wear resistance bevel gear for cone long service life wear resistance bevel gear for cone Long service life wear resistance bevel gear for cone crusher parts us 1000 10000 piece new 3 months energy from shenyang huayue brilliant bevel gear
Tsi Crusher Kurimoto Cone Crusher Bevel Gears
Cone Crusher PartsCone Crusher SpareCone Crusher Wear Parts Bevel Gear – All kinds of Cone Crusher include mobile cone crusher but can be designed to work at other angles as well. The pitch surface of bevel gears is a cone.4.8/5
Industrial Solutions Gyratory crushers.
& 0183;& 32; Spiral bevel gear toothing Drive motors with heavy duty ratings Heavy duty design Optimized crushing chambers for direct feed ThyssenKrupp Gyratory Crusher Product Range 4 KB 54-75 in Iron Ore KB 54-67 BK 54-67 KB 54-75 BK 63-75 KB 63-75 4
Bevel Gear For Crushing Equipment
helical gear set for cone crusher
Cone Crusher Bevel Gear Cone Crusher Helical Bevel Gear Labhgarh. cs crusher 7 bevel gear prices heavy industry is specialized in the design manufacture and supply of crushing equipment used in mining industry. the p . bevel gear for gyratory crusher
bevel gears for crusher
Spiral bevel gear appli ion:oil drilling equipmentwater drilling rigcoal miningmetallurgycrushing mill Tag:Cone Crusher gearSpiral Bevel Gearbevel gear. Get More Gyratory Crushers -
Cone Crusher Bevel Gear Australia.
bevel gear for gyratory crusher
Crusher 7 Bevel Gear Prices - tembaletucoza Tso Cone Crusher Pinion Gear Bevel pinion gyratory crusher - thelink crusher 7 bevel gear prices mineral coal mining in Sri Lanka Results 1 50 of 117 The crusher of claim 6 wherein the third pinion gear drives the ring 7
spiral bevel gear for ro ckcrusher rock crusher gear
Gyratory Crusher Burning Ring For Sale Gyratory Crusher Burning Ring For Sale. We are a large-scale manufacturer specializing in producing various mining machines including different types of sand and gravel equipment milling equipment mineral processingHelp B100 Support Big Brothers Big Sisters – Here’s What YOU Can Get!
It's always been my dream to be Spider-Man, and thanks to Big Brothers Big Sisters, I'm living it out this summer! But they're doing more than just letting me fulfill my childhood dream; BBBS is helping children all over the Quad Cities.
The organization pairs up a child with an adult role model, working toward a bright future. In 2015, a study found that 63% of children in the program saw improved grades after getting started with a Big. The organization has only grown since then.
So, we at B100 want to help them out. As part of our Over The Edge Adventure, we're fundraising as much as we can for BBBS. But we want to sweeten the pot even more. Along with helping an amazing cause, here's what you'll get when you donate to our page:
Each prize is while supplies last (or until Govia runs out of body space), and every donation will go straight to Big Brothers Big Sisters. We will keep NO part of it. You can donate to our page here.SUNY Adirondack Bowling Medal at Regionals
Pin-O-Rama Lanes, Utica
The SUNY Adirondack Timberwolves Bowling team finished in 7th place in NJCAA Regional III Championship.
Michael Boyce led the team with 1636 total pins. Boyce bowled 870-241 series to win the gold medal in Men’s Singles. Boyce also won a silver medal in overall points. Adrien Hollister’s total pin fall of 1610 earned 3rd place in overall points and 5th place in singles. Boyce and Hollister were also named to the All-Region Team. Hollister (813-221) and Cody Seaver (615-188) TOTALED 1428 to finish 6th in men’s doubles. Boyce and Hollister’s performances led the team to the National Bowling Championship hosted by Erie Community College from Feb. 28 - Mar. 1.
Stats of Score leaders:
Michael Boyce: 170-211-199-186 (766); 241-202-206-221 (870) 1636
Adrien Hollister: 221-193-2018-191 (813); 189-182-209-217 (797) 1610
Tyler Stone: 180-140-165-164 (649); 178-166-189-139 (672) 1321
Cody Seaver: 147-188-135-145 (615); 167-171-174-182 (694) 1309
Pictured (from left) Coach Xiao Li, Adrien Hollister, Michael Boyce, Assistant Coach Shaun NicholsonReports
In today’s job market, it’s crucial to understand what drives different segments of employees to consider jumping ship, even if they’re happy – or worse, stay even when they’re not happy – and what it takes to keep a diverse talent pool engaged and performing at their best throughout their careers. Ceridian partnered with The Nielsen Company to survey full-time employees in North America and compared their answers based on age, career stage, and tenure with their company.
One of the most striking lessons in the research is that cultivating loyalty and engaging employees must begin at the very outset.
When asked how many more years they would like to work for their current employer, there is a significant drop between those within their first year of service and those in the first to fifth years. In other words, the honeymoon ends and they start to weigh their options.
When asked why they remain at their current job (and respondents could choose multiple options), benefits were the commonly cited reason (30%), just ahead of pay (29%), their relationships with colleagues (28%), and job security (27%).
Only 52% of employees surveyed think their companies give promotions when deserved. Moreover, respondents cite two years, on average, as a reasonable timeframe to receive a promotion with their current employers, yet report that they themselves have received a promotion in five years, on average.
Only 41% of respondents say they are aware of any formal or informal succession planning. For many organizations, succession planning appears to be a gap to address. If employees are seeking career growth, and feel they need to leave the organization to find it, discussions about career trajectory and succession planning need to take place at every level.Does Harvick Wreck Bayne To Stay In The Chase?
Another NASCAR Chase, another NASCAR controversy.
This year’s controversy will focus on Kevin Harvick. It happened at the end of the race when Harvick and Trevor Bayne got together. Bayne spun on the track causing a multi car wreck. Harvick however, with no damage, restarts and finishes the race grabbing the last spot in the next round of the NASCAR Chase.
Here's the video.
What do you think? Did Harvick cause the wreck?Well folks, over the past couple of months I have been talking about all kinds of things that have happened in my life, and one of the best things was that I got married! My wife and I were able to take a few days to ourselves, but we waited for our official honeymoon. While you’re reading this, we will be on our honeymoon to Walt Disney World and Harry Potter World! Yes, we are that cool. This week, I took off from writing, I am writing this update early to let you know where I went, but I needed to fully take this week and enjoy life.
I found myself stressing about what to write and it came down to the wire, so I decided to take my own advice on what I have been saying the past few months, and take care of my mental health. I plan on coming back and I can’t wait to share about the fun times during this trip. As for now, I will say see ya later! Go out and do something you enjoy, fill your soul, take some time to fill your own tank.
This has been Joshua Thomas, and I will return after these messages!
I figured I haven’t listened to Lorde in a while, so her “Pure Heroine” album has been on repeat for me. It reminded me how much I love her music and her as a person! She’s so strong and amazing and makes the most unique music. This is one of my favorites from her. The album will always remind me of the good old days driving to Disneyland with my bff/bf during high school. It’s such a bittersweet moment because they’re such great memories, but it also reminds me that things have to change and that’s going to happen in college. Thankfully, her album will always remind me of the good memories I have from my teenage years. Thank you Ella!Yesterday I made the 20-minute train journey down to Stafford to go to the town’s beer festival.
Small but well-stocked would probably best describe it. The festival had been running from Thursday so I expected when turning up on Saturday afternoon, the last day of the event, that there would have been a shortage of beer. However, unlike other beer festivals that seem to start running very low remarkably quickly, there were very few ‘sold out’ signs when I left at 7:00pm (despite my best efforts!).
The school sportshall in which the festival was held was nicely laid out with local beers, and perries and ciders, on one side and national beers on the other and plenty of leaning posts in between. I got stuck into quite a few, favouring darker beers as usual, but there were also some nicer best bitters and lighter, more summery brews – although the 10% bitter I tried last would tempt me back!
The music made quite a change with a local brass band playing for much our the afternoon.
The only bad thing about the event was the weather – nice, warm and sunny – so it seemed a bit of a pity to spend the day inside. However, this might be another event to keep in my diary for next year.même bête started as a small side project to make some extra money to pay off some debts, for St.Lucian Taribba Hinkson who now lives in Ethiopia, Africa. At the time, Taribba felt that her creative juices were not flowing and needed an outlet to express herself.
même bête began in 2009 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia with humble beginnings. The idea was to create East meets West bag, by combining the best of Ethiopian leather with the most energetic traditional 100% cotton, African Dutch wax cloth. The leather used is mostly sheep and goat skin. Generally, sheep skin leather is softer and smoother and more expensive. Cow and ox hide is a thicker tougher and does not wear well with cotton.
These practical bags, masked behind their chic design and can go anywhere are truly unique because of the leather/wax and cotton combinations. The leather and fabric colour and shading variations are natural and are not flaws, considered part of the unique beauty of each bag. Also very few of the same bags are made to maintain their uniqueness.
The name même bête comes from a St. Lucian Creole saying that roughly translates to "we are all the same." The name also creates a loose pun on the various types of leather used; ox, sheep, goat and cow.
To order a même bête bag or become a Facebook Fan: même bête - Bag prices range from roughly $25 USD to $60 USD, depending on the style and type of leather used. Visit même bête and fill out a form on the contact us page. Choose one of the designs or to custom order from the available cotton and leather.
Here is your chance to win a même bête clutch. The winner will get an email of the clutch styles in stock, from Taribba. This lucky person will get to choose their clutch.
Giveaway Rules:
Giveaway Rules:
This is open to everybody, no matter the country. Email TheSweet7@gmail.com with the subject "même bête." Include your name, mailing address, email address and telephone contact in the email. Incomplete entries will be disqualified. One entry per person. Winners will be selected randomly by random.org. The winner will be notified by email and announced on the blog. This Sweet 7 Giveaway ends on Wednesday, 26th May @ 7PM!
WINNER: TAMIKO BROWNEOn the subway ride to Central Park, I clutched my sign and bit my lip. “I can’t believe I’m really doing this,” I said to my husband. My heartbeat was pounding in my ears.
I made my way through Central Park, searching for the perfect spot: one with lots of foot traffic but still quiet, and I set up my sign and hat. I took a deep breath and prayed that no one would beat me up. Immediately people stopped and stared. Then the cameras came out. I started panicking that I would soon be ridiculed on the internet like the typewriting hipster.
A few months ago, I had the idea of starting a business called Brutal First Impressions. Most of us surround ourselves with people who wouldn’t want to hurt our feelings. While this can be good for our egos, it can also hinder our growth, and we can become comfortable with habits that might be off-putting for others. I figured that for a small price, I could be the one to tell it like it is: put on some deodorant, that shirt is terrible, you talk too much when you’re nervous…that kind of thing. But first I wanted to gain some experience. Why not try it out in Central Park!
I set the price at $5. At first, the people walking by would take pictures and laugh, saying, “that’s the best idea ever!” but they weren’t paying me for it. As soon as I lowered it to $1, people started lining up.
I asked each participant for their name, a handshake and a smile. Then I would ask them to take a few steps back and walk towards me, and then turn around slowly. At that point I would critique everything that I saw.
Here is some general advice I had to give almost everyone:
- Make eye contact when you shake hands
- Show your teeth when you smile
- Keep your chin up when you walk
I couldn’t believe how many people needed that advice, and as soon as I said it and they tried it out, they seemed like new people.
It wasn’t easy being mean. A crowd would typically form around whomever I was critiquing and I could tell that they wanted to see tears. At one point I told a guy he had dandruff, and his friends practically cheered. I told another guy that he needed to pluck his uni-brow. When the crowd ohhed and ahhed at this, I asked to see a show of hands for who thought he should pluck his eyebrows. Almost everyone raised their hands. When I wasn’t mean, people would start heckling me saying, “Come on, this is supposed to be brutal.”
The whole time I was doing this I kept expecting someone to ask me my qualifications. I had my response all figured out: I’m classically trained in art and literature so I have a discerning eye and a critical mind. I learned how to evaluate presentation styles from my years as a teacher and teacher trainer. But the only person who asked for my qualifications immediately answered for me: “You’re a woman. Women know how to criticize.”
I was surprised that people were really interested in my story. At one point I had four guys sitting on the bench next to me asking my life story (ladies, this is a great way to pick up men if you’re interested). Everyone wanted to know how I got the idea and how much money I was making. So here’s the grand total…for 3 hours of sitting in the park, meeting interesting people, I made $43. I definitely want to try this again. I think I could make a lot more if I get better at working the crowd.
Originally, I wanted to do this because I thought it could help people present themselves better. At the end of the day I realized that I helped in a different way. I got people to laugh and not take themselves so seriously. I got people taking pictures and saying “only in New York.” I figured someone’s going to go back home and talk about the crazy lady they saw in Central Park. As an aspiring writer, I feel great that I gave someone a good story.
Related articles
- Fall in Central Park (adventuresschronicles.wordpress.com)
- Street performers at Central Park (clicksofyayavar.wordpress.com)
- 32 Reasons Why Central Park Is The Best Park In The World (businessinsider.com)It is such a thrill to photograph the babies of our wedding clients. Not only do we get the chance to catch up, but also be involved in providing professional photography on their next adventure as a married couple. Geraldine and Richard wed at Thornton Manor Christmas 2009. Today they are introducing their beautiful daughter to the world ? Meet 17 days old Miss Aimee Isabella Howe. This is a selection of pictures from her first Bellies babies and Bambinos shoot.
Trackbacks/PingbacksListing Price: $185,000 Selling Price: $178,000 Closed: 4/28/17 MLS: #09487231
MOVE RIGHT IN TH in Plainfield’s ACTIVE, AGE 55+ community. Conscientiously prepared for the market: FRESHLY, NEUTRALLY PAINTED/new NEUTRAL CARPETING/Professionally CLEANED/ CONTRACTOR hired who readied the home for the market! CONDITION & LOCATION are its biggest assets. Very OPEN BACK YARD w/PRIVACY FENCE & SHRUBBERY that make for a secluded PATIO. Complete living on its FIRST FLOOR: CERAMIC entry/hallways/BTHS/KIT! LARGE VAULTED LR w/fan & GAS-LOG FP that OPENS into FORMAL DR. VAULTED CEILING in MB that has large walk-in closet & wall closets! PRIVATE BATH has walk-in SHOWER & LINEN CLOSET! Large UTILITY rm w/W/D. POWDER RM for guests. KIT has newer, hardly used silver/black appliances. 2 door refrig w/ice-maker/ceramic black splash over new black sink & faucet/built-in micro-wave/self-cleaning oven/range/lots of upgraded cabinets. Only 14 steps to its SECOND FLOOR! BTH: shower/tub combo/2nd MBR w/fan/lights/large walk in closet. 2car painted garage w/cabinets & storage units/attic!
Pelican Pointe Condos for Sale
24800 Perdido Beach Blvd. | Orange Beach, AL 36561
View Pelican Pointe SOLD Condos
Pelican Pointe condo development in Orange Beach, Alabama is a gorgeous destination and units for sale can sometimes be hard to find. It's a very popular building in Orange Beach which boasts a great amenity package that ensures the condo will stay booked year-round. The spacious units have large balconies, especially on the corner units where they wrap around and offer beautiful northern views of the Alabama Intracoastal Waterways. The condominium has covered parking, indoor and outdoor pools, tennis courts, and exercise facilities to keep guests busy with plenty of things to do. The units feature granite counter-tops, large closets, and numerous other creature comforts that will help make these condos feel like a home away from home. The rental income generated with a Pelican Pointe condo and a little supplemental effort from the owner can create a generous source of income, making them a great investment. Please let us know if you would like further info for Pelican Pointe or any other condos, homes or real estate along the Gulf Coast or would like to schedule a private viewing by emailing info@condoinvestment.com or by calling 251-978-3718 for immediate assistance.
Current Pelican Pointe Listings
Pelican Pointe Amenities:
- Gulf Front Complex
- Heated Indoor Pool
- Outdoor Pool
- Hot Tub
- Kid's Wading Pool
- Fitness Center
- Tennis Court
- Pet-Friendly for Owners
Pelican Pointe Condo Investment Info / Rental Revenue
Read our RENTAL TIPS to help increase your Pelican Pointe rental revenue.
3BR/2BA Annual rental production: $41,780
Click here to view annual rental income for Pelican Pointe and all other Orange Beach condo revenues.
Pelican Pointe Plans .PDF
Click here for aerial photos of the Pelican Pointe condominium in Gulf Shores, AL.
The Orange Beach, AL condos below are similar to Pelican.Ron Amadeo has probably made his last APK teardown at Android Police since he's moving to Ars Technica but luckily the teardowns won't stop and we'll keep having juicy info on the stuff that Google hides in their app updates.
Ron tore down the newest Google Glass update, version XE8, and found some interesting things that could be in added soon to the augmented reality glasses. Let's take a look what he found hidden inside.
Google Hangouts
Google introduced Hangouts at Google I/O earlier this year and slowly the company is removing every competing product and giving Hangouts a central position in every service. Now it seems that Hangouts are making their way into Glass and some code has appeared on the XE8 update for Glass.
Screen Lock
Right now Glass isn't too secure, there's no security or unlock code to it, you just use it and that's it. Of course, since the device is always tethered to your phone, once it's separated enough from it the device pretty much becomes useless. Also, Google would just deactivate the device if someone tries to pair it with a new unregistered account.
The new update has a working lock screen feature, which is still a sort of lab experiment as it's not completed, that allows you to set a "pattern" lock to your Glass. What you do is record four interactions with the trackpad in a certain order which are shown to you by a screen with 4 rows and 3 positions for dots in each row. A swipe left puts a dot on the left, swipe right on the right and a tap puts one in the center. The device will stay unlocked until you remove it from your head which is pretty cool.
Finally, Amadeo found that the Google Glass team likes to troll people by leaving this line in the code: "I_TORE_DOWN_THIS_APK_AND_ALL_I_GOT_WAS_THIS_STUPID_LAB." It could be for anyone, but I think it seems pretty much aimed specifically at him.
Hangouts will probably be added soon to Glass while the Lock Screen might need more work before it's ready, right now isn't very secure with just 81 combinations, meaning the device could be cracked in about 2 or 3 minutes.Shortly after removing the toilet paper rolls from the refrigerator, the little beady eyes begun growing in every side possible, even from under the plate.
Unfortunately, having assumed that all mushrooms loved shade, I kept these guys in the darkest spot of the kitchen I could find. As the weeks went on, the the oyster mushroom’s neck kept getting longer and longer, their cap never getting too much bigger then what you see in the photo. Eventually I reached out to the kind owners of FieldForest.net who explained that unlike many other mushrooms, oysters prefer lots of sunlight and their neck will grow long and skinny when searching for light. While these mushrooms never fully recovered after moving them to a sunnier spot, the experiment was sure fun and will definitely be repeated at some point.Parent Volunteers
We can’t do this without you! The ratio of adults to children obviously needs to be high.
- Do you relish exploring the world through a child’s eyes?
- Are you happy to get muddy!?
- Do you think you could be happy dancing in the rain?
If your answers are
YES, YES, YES!
Please contact the School Office - thank you.Soutpansberg Leopard Population Nearly Wiped Out
Earlier in April scientists sent out a warning that the leopard population in the Soutpansberg region could be wiped out within a few years.
The research, as published in the Royal Society Open Science journal, states that illegal killings are behind this tragedy. The leopard population has been reduced by two third over the last ten years. What’s even more tragic is the fact that this specific region once had one of the largest leopard populations in Africa.
In the hopes of fighting the killings, the SA government stopped trophy hunting last year. According to experts, this move won’t help as trophy hunting is not one of the main reasons why the leopard is dying out.
During a 2008 study, it was found that there were 11 adult leopards in every 100km² in the Soutpansberg region.
To see how things have gone since, a team set up motion detection cameras and left them in the region from 2012 to 2016. Only 65 different cats were spotted.
Of the eight leopard fitted with GPS collars, only two survived the period. Two went missing without trace, three were caught by traps and one was shot by a local after the leopard attacked his cattle.
At least this bad news led to some good news. Because of these shocking figures, conservationists and officials were able to raise enough money to hire a person to engage with the local community. The engagement officer hopes to teach inhabitant of the Southpansberg region how to keep leopards away from cattle without killing them.Tantric sex position movie reviews
May 15, - Sex, celibacy, masturbation, freedom, body image, energy, balance! - Duration: Owen fox - New Age Sage Clown Transformer! 89, Apr 19, - stpeterscarmarthen.org - click here and learn how to give her the best sex of her life! If you want to learn more on Tantric Sex. Jun 12, - When and how were you introduced to tantric sex? . kama sutra and that it's all about using lots of difficult sex positions, which isn't the case.Wills are often regarded as the most reliable way to safeguard our assets after we pass away by passing them on to our children and spouses. However, though we tend to think that estate planning is only a matter of concern for married couples and those with children, the reality is that any person with assets should consider creating an estate plan, regardless of their marital status.
Have A Power of Attorney In Place
It is no secret that, as human beings, we are prone to accidents and thus it is necessary to have someone in place who can temporarily manage our legal and financial affairs on our behalf. A Power of Attorney (POA) is a legal document which authorizes someone else to take specific actions on your behalf. If you become incapacitated, however, or pass away, the power of attorney expires. After that, only the executor of your estate can handle your legal and financial matters, though you do have the option of naming the same person as your power of attorney and executor. A durable power of attorney remains valid even if you become incapacitated, or unable to make critical decisions on your own behalf. A financial durable power of attorney designates a person to manage your financial affairs if you become incapacitated, and a medical durable power of attorney allows someone to make medical decisions for you if you are unable to make them yourself. If you are unmarried but in a relationship, you can designate your partner as your power of attorney. If you do not have a power of attorney, the court will appoint a guardian to supervise these matters for you.
Protect Your Assets With A Living Together Agreement
Another option available to unmarried couples is to have a living together agreement. A living together agreement is a type of cohabitation agreement that helps protect the rights of couples while safeguarding their individual interests and assets. Living together agreements can include property owned by one or both partners, property that existed before the relationship but is now used by both partners, and other belongings such as cars, pets, furniture, and much more. The main objective of the living together agreement is to prevent conflict over ownership in the event of a split.
Another Option – Name Your Partner In Your Will
It is also possible to name your partner as a beneficiary in your will if you would like your assets to be transferred to the survivor if one of you passes away. As always, in the complete absence of a will, your assets will be subject to intestate succession. Additionally, it is important to know that by default, a person’s assets can only be transferred to direct, blood-related family members when a will has not been drafted. A non-family member, such as an unmarried partner, is not eligible to receive any portion of your assets through probate. Therefore, you must name your partner as a beneficiary on your will if you would like for them to receive a cut.
Transfer Your Assets Without Going Through Probate
One way to bypass probate is to establish joint tenancy with right of survivorship over major assets. This ensures that if one owner dies, all of the jointly owned property will automatically be transferred to the surviving owner without going through probate. In order to do this, both of your names need to be present on the asset’s official title document, such as the deed to your home. Unfortunately, issues may arise with this method if your joint owner misuses your assets or passes away before or at the same time as you.
Another way to avoid probate is to create a revocable living trust. A revocable living trust specifies how you want your assets to be handled during your lifetime and after your death. In addition to being able to designate a trustee to oversee the conditions of the trust you can also be your own trustee while you are alive, but in this case, you would need to name a successor trustee, a person you trust to continue to uphold your wishes after your death. The trust will help protect your assets from you and any creditors seeking to acquire your assets. Additionally, the assets in the trust would not have to go through probate since their ownership technically remains unchanged. It is generally recommended to use living trusts in conjunction with wills.
Although estate planning is commonly portrayed as an essential tool for traditional families, there is no reason that singles or unmarried couples shouldn’t have a proper estate plan as well. The aforementioned documents help ensure that trustworthy and responsible people will handle your health and financial matters in case of emergencies, possibly help you avoid the costly and time-consuming process of probate, and make sure that your estate is fairly divided. If you or a loved one are currently in a “living together but not married” situation, it is highly recommended that you consult with a licensed estate planning attorney who can guide you through the process of making sure your assets are dealt with properly after you pass away.Captain Baillie joined BA in August 1972 and over a career spanning nearly 35 years, he flew nine different aircraft types.
He relinquished command on the Boeing 757 to fly as a co-pilot on the Concorde fleet in the June of 1995 and returned to the left hand seat as a Captain on the Concorde some two years later. Promotion to Training Captain followed.
Duties included training new crews on both the simulator and aeroplane conversion courses and as a CAA examiner revalidating the crews flying licences on their bi-annual check. Later he was a nominated Pilot for Concorde test flights.
Throughout his time on Concorde, he was also a member of the British Airways Pilot selection team conducting both interviews and simulator assessments on potential candidates.
Friday 24 October 2003 was the last day of Concorde commercial operation. Three Concordes flew that day and Captain Baillie says he was fortunate to be the commander of G-BOAE on the flight from London to Edinburgh. All three planes returned to Heathrow for a farewell party. Captain Baillie got off at Edinburgh and went home to Stirling. He did not see it as a day of celebration, it was a day aviation regressed. He regrets his grandson will never fly from New York to London in less than 2 hours 55 minutes as he did.
“To design it was something. To build it astonishing. To fly it was EVERYTHING.”
“Designed by men of vision. Built by men of passion. Flown by men of skill and daring. And me.”
Information provided by Captain Andrew Baillie
July 2008Frequently Asked Questions.
I’m new to rewilding. Is this the right place for me?
Yes. This conference is a cross section of people into rewilding, from those just learning about it to those who have been doing it for years. Come down and make new friends. It’ll speed up your process!
You seem to be using the word “rewilding” in a way that I am unfamiliar with. What gives?
The term rewilding has been in popular use among many subcultures to mean various things for decades. It may be that the way we define “rewilding” differs from the way you do. That’s okay! Part of the conference is to bring various definitions of rewilding together and see where these subcultures overlap. One huge difference in terms of “conservation rewilding” and the way we use it, is that we do not believe humans are separate from nature and do not wish to exclude humans from the wild. Rather, our focus is on learning and practicing the myriad of ways that place-based humans have lived in accord with their environments since time immemorial.
Do you offer child care?
Yes. We offer childcare for children ages five to eleven. For younger children, parents need to keep them by their side. There is no admission or fee for children 4 and under. Ages 12 and up can attend the conference as adults but minors are not allowed to attend the conference without a parent or guardian attending with them.
Do you provide meals?
No. We provide coffee, tea, and some snacks. Our location is in walking distance to many of the shops in the heart of the St. Johns neighborhood. Our lunch break provides you with ample time to venture out, find a place to eat, and wander back.
I’m coming from out of town. Where should I stay?
There are several options if you are coming from out of town. First we would recommend staying with friends if you have them here. Encourage them to attend the conference with you! If you can afford hotels or an AirBnB, we recommend finding one close to the venue. A more low-cost and community-driven option might be utilizing one or two of the sites listed here.
I can’t afford the ticket price. Is there another way to participate in the conference?
If you are experiencing financial hardships and cannot afford the $150 minimum, please reach out to us. We are willing to work with you to find a way. From volunteer positions to scholarships, we want everyone who feels super passionate about attending to be able to attend the conference. We prioritize our scholarships for people who are members of communities that are not currently well represented within the rewilding movement. Scroll to the bottom of our Registration Page for links to the applications for Work/Trade and Scholarships.
Where does the money from this event go?
This event is hosted by Rewild Portland, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. We are on a break-even budget. We do not have investors who make money from this event. Any money earned above our expenses is rare, and when it happens it goes back into our mission to create cultural and environmental resilience through the education of earth-based arts, traditions, and technologies. Click here to read more about our organization and our values.Five Star Holiday asked me: “What are your three travel essentials?”.
Read the Full Article
What are your top 3 favorite items that you always take with you when traveling abroad?
More about LISA NIVER
Ready to go Traveling? 942 1666 Colin Young Colin Young2019-03-08 17:43:042019-03-08 17:43:04Carbon nanotube yarn for DIY projects
Carbon nanotube yarn for DIY projects
We have talked with many people who are curious about using our carbon nanotube yarn in their projects or products, so we wanted to show off a very simple DIY project of our own. For a limited time this month (March 2019) we are having a sale on our 200 micron diameter carbon nanotube yarn, so now is an ideal time to get some! We would love to hear feedback from anyone who has tried out our materials – let us know what you are doing with them, and how they work for you!
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/63161227/i_JCCqFhC.0.jpg)
Since our last pod, Sporting Kansas City blasted through their round of 16 matchups with Toluca in the 2019 CONCACAF Champions League. A dominate win at home and another on the road and now Sporting KC has to pivot to MLS play.
With a full crew again, Cody, Aly, Bob and Thad discuss their favorite moments from CCL. We also break down what went so well for SKC against Toluca and whether or not they can keep it up versus their MLS opponents.
With a short turnaround we discuss what kind of lineup Peter Vermes will put out at Los Angeles Football Club on Sunday and use the readers votes as a starting point.
Bob recently wrote a controversial article explaining his feelings on the CCL. The headline - which angered people the most - was “Four games and done, please”. He took a lot of heat and we wanted to get his updated take on the matter after winning the first round.Home Israel Foreign Affairs UN Resolutions UNITED NATIONS GENERAL ASSEMBLY A-RES-50-75 UNITED NATIONS GENERAL ASSEMBLY A-RES-50-75 By Israel Foreign Affairs - October 23, 2015 14 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet UNITED NATIONS General Assembly A/RES/50/75 10 January 1996 Fiftieth session Agenda item 75 RESOLUTION ADOPTED BY THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY [on the report of the First Committee (A/50/595)] 50/75. Strengthening of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region The General Assembly, Recalling its previous resolutions on the subject, including resolution 49/81 of 15 December 1994, made world wide,/50/300.intervention, non-use of force or threat of use of force and the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force, in accordance with the Charter and the relevant resolutions of the United Nations; 3. Commends the efforts by the Mediterranean countries in meeting common challenges through coordinated overall responses, based on a spirit of multilateral partnership, towards the general objective of turning the Mediterranean basin into an area of dialogue, exchanges and cooperation, guaranteeing peace, stability and prosperity; 4. Recognizes that the elimination of the economic and social disparities in levels of development as well as other obstacles as well as by providing accurate data and information to the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms; 7. Encourages the Mediterranean countries to strengthen further their cooperation in combating terrorism, which poses a serious threat to peace, security and stability in the region and therefore to the improvement of the current political, economic and social situation; 8. Invites all States of the region to address, through various forms of cooperation, problems and threats posed to the region, such as terrorism, international crime and illicit arms transfers, as well as illicit drug production, consumption and trafficking, which jeopardize the friendly relations among States, hinder the development of international cooperation and result in the destruction of human rights, fundamental freedoms and the democratic basis of pluralistic society; 9. Encourages the continued widespread support among the fifty-first session the item entitled "Strengthening of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region". 90th plenary meeting 12Hello everyone and welcome to another nail blast.
Today I want to discuss my mani of the day created by all Essie polishes.
Today Mani of the day is my Crystal mani.
My crystals mani was created with
Essie’s:
Beat of the moment- baby pink sand glitter – two coats
Coat conture- dark purple with subtle blue electric shimmer- matte effect.- 3 three coats
Warm & toasty turtleneck- a medium smoky purple – three coats
S’ll vu play- a foil pinky lilic – two coats.
All essie polishes will have an individual blog post going in depth about them later down the line 🙂
If you’re read my previous posts you will know I love to show everything my chosen polish would look awesome with or inspired.
Below is my top five that was inspired by beat of the moment, s’ll vu play, warm & toasty turtleneck and coat conture.
Top five
Me and my family loves wax melts and I think this is perfect for the theme and polishes if they were to be transformed into waxmelts.
1. CLEAR QUARTZ by posh candle co
CLEAR QUARTZ notes: florals, sandlewood and ginger
2. LED crystal drop artwork
3.Crystal shards purple shades feature cushions.
4.Purple gemstone pjs
5. A purple crystal flower & hearts statement necklace
Overall this was a fun theme and great colours to use, I found all the Essie polishes smooth and I really think they made the design shine.
I hope enjoyed my nail blast design and inspire post.
Please check back for more nail blasts.Air Forces & Industry News
Australia: RAAF to get 4 modified Gulfstream G550s for electronic warfare support
March 18, 2019 04:03
Minister for Defence, the Hon Christopher Pyne MP and Minister for Defence Industry, Senator the Hon Linda Reynolds CSC, announced the $2.46 billion acquisition of four modified Gulfstream G550 aircraft – to be designated the MC-55A “Peregrine” - for the…
Northrop Grumman awarded $322.5 million for Advanced Anti-Radiation Guided MissileMarch 18, 2019 02:03
T129ATAK is flying over Brazil for the first time in Latin AmericaMarch 18, 2019 01:03
Russia to supply 24 Su-35 fighter jets to EgyptMarch 18, 2019 11:03
Pakistan may deliver JF-17 Thunder fighter jets to AzerbaijanMarch 18, 2019 10:03
Air Show News
Collective Wisdom introduces Spider 103 VTOL UAS
February 09, 2018
Another UAV coming from China made its first public appearance in an international exhibition this week at Singapore Airshow 2018. Designed by Collective Wisdom Technology Company Ltd, the Spider 103 is an unmanned tri-blade coaxial helicopter.
-
-
-
Piper lands record order for 152 trainer aircraftFeb 08, 2018
Focus - Analysis - Photo Report
Simultaneous optical and thermal tracking of airborne aircraft by Specialised Imaging
March 06, 2019
Specialised Imaging reports on how its Lightweight Optical Motion Analysis (LOMA) system has been used to optically track an aircraft for several kilometers while simultaneously capturing the thermal signature of the aircraft over the same distance.
USA: Shark skin studied to make faster aircraftMar 06, 2019
-
-
F-35B could hit service life limit by 2026Feb 01, 2019
Air Forces Aircraft & Equipment
MiG-35 Fulcrum Multirole Fighter Jet
May 04, 2017
MiG-35 Multirole Frontline Fighter…
Sikorsky S-97 Raider Light Tactical HelicopterDec 29, 2015
L-39NG Advanced Jet TrainerNov 27, 2015
S2R-660 Archangel ISR & Light Attack AircraftOct 01, 2015
Baron G58 ISR AircraftOct 01, 2015We believe President Kagame is neither in support of peace nor the interests of the people of Rwanda... - Rwanda People’s Party
(WASHINGTON D.C.) - Ref: RPP/PM/01/TB-PA/PK-JK/6001/10/11/JK-PKRef: President Paul Kagame. Although, the tyrannical and genocidal regime was overthrown in 1994, human rights abuses, suffocations of democratic voices, blackmails, segregating, suppressing and killing of its own people by the RPF regime remain the narrative in progress.
In our efforts to secure meaningful and desirable changes needed for the people of Rwanda, my party the Rwanda People’s Party sent a proposal for peace talks directly to President on the 5th of May 2011. It is now six months since President Kagame personally received the RPP proposal for peace talks. We believe President Kagame is neither in support of peace nor the interests of the people of Rwanda, instead he is clinging onto power for his own self-serving and self-seeking interests of himself, his associates and business executives whose vicious characters continue to vandalise and exploit the Rwandan people. Today, we wish to inform you that we received very chilling information from reliable sources close to President Kagame that he is prepared to take Gadhafi’s route, and happily overseeing his country sinking back into the hell of 1994, rather than participating in peace talks with his fellow Rwandans to achieve the desired peaceful changes for the benefit of all Rwandan.
The probability of a new civil war breaking out in Rwanda becomes more real day- by-day. We believe that a regional “earthquake” is inevitable, should the international community insist on interventionism rather than preventive mechanism. Unless our Road Map to Peace is adopted, it is likely that my party and other opposition parties may get drawn into such a civil war against our wishes and collective wisdom. It is therefore imperative that the international community act now to induce peace rather than act post facto after the genocide has already taken place as they did in 1994. The most effective way to do this is by encouraging genuine reconciliation so that all Rwandan political parties can sit at a round-table and agree to a minimum programme for rebuilding our country, averting civil war, facilitating the return of the refugees and repairing our relations with our neighbours. Regrettably, these peaceful proposals have been overruled by President Kagame.. Rwanda is a country in which people live in daily fear where murder, disappearances and abductions are routine. The economic recovery so lauded by the western press has not delivered any prosperity to the ordinary Rwandan as poverty is very much entrenched and endemic. The reports failed to disclose that the Rwandan economy suffers from, such as short comings in its structure and noticeable failure in its ability to play its role, is. They failed to note thousands of children still live in substandard camps in the most abject conditions, shut away from the prying eyes of foreigners. These are among 1.7 million orphans, children born through rape during and after the genocide, and street children displaced by the 1994 genocide. These children have no future, no hope, no dreams and no aspirations. In addition, these reports ignored the state policy for demolition of people’s houses and forced sterilizations of Rwandan poor. The aim of this cruel policy is to reduce poverty by lowering the birth rate among the poor that are currently accounted for nine in ten of Rwandan population. This is a premeditated policy because it is done fundamentally in areas of extreme poverty, rural and barely educated.
Indeed, if the International community had acted in a timely manner, the 1994 genocide would not have taken place. In 1986, many political parties at the time, including mine the Rwanda National Liberation Movement (RNLM), offered to enter into direct dialogue with the Habyarimana regime, supported by the then government of Mobutu Sese Seko in the then Zaire, but this never came to fruition. Today, Rwanda is famously known for the horrific memories of the 1994 tragedy, when the international community abandoned one million of the innocent, the defenceless and the downtrodden Rwandans to be slaughtered in genocide. We do believe that there is enough time to reflect back and allow the interests of the Rwandan people to prevail. This is why we must now redouble our efforts by endorsing our Road Map to Peace, which we believe can avert a bloodbath in our country, the effects of which would reverberate across the Great Lakes Region of Nations.
Rwanda does not deserve what it has gone through in its history. We need peace and prosperity. We need a society where our people, our women and especially our children are free and safe. That is the simple demands of our party RPP. A very simple demand yet is a “supreme act of democracy and patriotism” for the people of Rwanda to make their own decisions and informed choices. We are just asking for our basic human rights, which are rights that we should have under international law and a right for all people in the world. Surprisingly, President Kagame has failed to subscribe to these peaceful proposals, and has described the Rwandan request for their rights, freedoms and dignity as deceptive and disgraceful.
To this extent, my party therefore, the Rwanda People’s Party, calls upon the international community (UN, EU, AU, the Commonwealth, Arab League, ASEAN, EAC, and individual governments and institutions) to impose an arms embargo, a travel ban, freezing of personal assets and other punitive measures to President Kagame including, 57 key military security chiefs; the overall military commander, head of air force, ground force, head of reserve force, director of central intelligence and their subordinates ,national security minister, defence, justices, local administration, commissioner of prison, central bank, presidential advisors, presidential spokesman and government spokesman. (A list of which has been communicated directly to the international community). The party also demands for the imposition of travel visa ban to members of their families and associates and to prevent their children and next of kin to visit or study abroad.
These punitive measures are necessary to reflect the will and determination of the international community in sending a staunch warning to the RPF regime, that restoration and protection of human rights, freedoms and dignity of the people Rwanda is paramount and can never be substituted by other means. Meaning that, the measures need to be put in place are solely aimed at facilitating a peaceful resolution to Rwanda’s political crisis, discourage and stop the continued political violence in this tiny toned country. Unabated political turmoil in Rwanda has taken on uncontrollable dimensions and is threating the cohesions of the people of the entirely Great Lakes Region of Nations. It’s has become a political schizophrenia that requires an immediate attention. There is urgent need therefore, for a cross-party government to be formed followed by early elections to safeguard regional stability.
The RPP believes that having a peaceful situation on the table will serve as a useful deterrent to prevent future human catastrophe in Rwanda. It is therefore necessary for the international community to respond swiftly and restrain President Kagame in a way that encourages and supports national reconciliation, inducing peace among others and moves forward towards resolving the legitimate crisis without negatively impacting the people of Rwanda who are suffering a great deal in the hands of the RPF regime. We believe that, it is only the arms embargo, travel ban, freezing of assets to President Kagame and his associates that could help to bring them down to their knees. As a party, we believe that the handling of the 1994 Rwanda genocide was a tsunami and complete failure of negligence on the side of the international community and shouldn’t be allowed to be repeated.
We do not want Mr. Kagame to be overthrown in a military coup or go back to the era of civil war because we do not believe these are a solution to Africa’s problems. What we want in Rwanda and in Africa are free and fair elections. We want democracy in Africa and we appeal to international community to help us achieve this objective by peaceful means. The path President Paul Kagame has chosen is only going to fuel further violence in Rwanda and ignite possible new genocide in a few years time if not tomorrow. Rwanda has had infamous memorable fearsome, tearful, frightening, gruesome and grief-stricken memories of ethnic cleansing, massacres, wars and genocides for the past 53 years. Therefore, no one, is in a better position to know what wars and conflicts mean to Rwanda as nation and a people than the people of Rwanda themselves. We also believe that no member of the international community would want to see innocent Rwandan children slaughtered again and millions forced to flee into neighbouring countries to live a life of squalor and desperation. This is why the RPP demands for the international community to swiftly take action now, to save lives of the people of Rwanda.
We are therefore, appealing for help for the Rwandan people to stop the possibility of a new civil war by ending uncritical support to a brutal dictatorship whose violent behaviours are getting worse day-by-day. We request the international community to look at Rwanda as a state with rights guaranteed under international law. Rwanda as a state and a people will still be there when Kagame is gone. We are committed to a strategic partnership with the international community and to hold fraternal bilateral relations with all governments and peoples even when Mr. Paul Kagame is gone from the Rwandan body-politic.
We are appealing to the international community to give a cast-iron guarantee to end their complicity in the continued bulldozing of the innocent, the defenceless and the downtrodden ones by the RPF regime. The people of Rwanda want to avoid the “looks like another attempt to tackle the symptoms when the underlying problems remained unresolved.”
As a party, we also call upon all friends of Rwanda to revisit their position so as to become a party to this historical global partnership with the rest of the humanity to give voice to the voiceless Rwandans.
Thanks and God bless you all,
All comments and messages are approved by people and self promotional links or unacceptable comments are denied.
Kagame can kill you at any time and therefore you should not oppose him.Source: Christopher Polk / Getty
On the opening night of her Reputation Stadium Tour in Phoenix, Taylor Swift opened up. There was some fun though, Camila Cabello and Charli XCX joined her on stage for the closer. Her and Katy Perry finally squashed their beef and Tiffany Haddish has a role in tour which you can cleverly see below.
But the main take away was Taylor opening up about how social media turned against her in 2016. Hit the jump to see the full breakdown.
Also On Radio Now 92.1:I.
- Free Wifi
- Free parking
- Visit hotel websiteI don't know, I just really hate those uniforms. To me when I see those things I think of this set of police cards I had where the Brewers were trying to sell stars like Turner Ward and Jeff D'Amico. It was just a terrible team all around and it's hard to relieve those memories by looking at the dreads all these years later. There's a reason why people like our current uniforms and why people are dying to see the ball and glove logo come back more often, and that's because they don't suck like these blocky green ones do.
Actually, one of the reasons I hated the Washington Nationals when that whole franchise switch went down is because I was told that the Nationals font was based on the Brewers uniforms from the mid-90s. I've already expressed my disdain for the uniforms, but I also think another reason why I hate them is because when I was in 6th grade I had a lucky baseball cap, and it was off the old diamond Brewers logo from that era. Well, while wearing the hat I was the subject of a horrible car crash which left glass shards throughout my face and blood draining everywhere. I guess I was lucky that neither of my eyeballs were punctured, but every time I saw that logo I was reminded of that horrible experience and the worst headache I've ever had (seriously, there is no worse headache than that of a bad car wreck; the screeching of the medal and the collision is an unbearable noise for your skull to experience).
So yeah, that's why I don't like those uniforms.
But hey, Milwaukee got the win on Friday which means this team is on a winning streak. It's only two games, sure, but we'll take it at this point. Player of the Game is going to Jim Edmonds, as he had a great game after filling in for Corey Hart. If there are days where we don't get to a Brewers recap (i.e. Thursday and probably many more to come), we'll still update the POTG standings accordingly, for the one of you that care (which would be myself).
1 comments:
car accident sympathy card. i doubt that headache hurts more than splitting your head open on a swingset.In honor of my 100th post on my Instagram we are going to play 75 truths and 25 lies. KIDDING! I have written 100 fun facts about me and they are all true.
Typically fun facts are incredibly hard to come up with, but if you are writing to a group of people that may not know you very well it is actually quite easy...or so I think. Here goes nothing!
1. I am half asian (Filipino, Chinese and Japanese mix), my mom immigrated to America when she was 20 after marrying my dad.
2. I have three half brothers, three half sisters and one younger sister.
3. I have two cats. Benry is black and Penny is a calico. I have a slight obsession with them.
4. My high school graduating class was only 17 people.
5. I double majored in Psychology and Sociology and graduated from Whitworth University.
6. I grew up spin fishing and because of David I fly fish more. But I love fishing.
7. I played on the boys soccer team in high school because we didn't have a girls team.
8. I have never been stung by a bee.
9. I got eight teeth removed in one operation! Four wisdom teeth and my canines.
10. In high school my family moved four times.
11. I LOVE flowers, actually love is an understatement.
12. I live in Seattle, WA
13. I work at a preschool as the assistant director. I have always loved kids!
14. My go to coffee order is a latte, iced if it is sunny. Notice I didn't say warm...just sunny HA!
15. I love to cook and experiment with all the random ingredients in my fridge. I call it refrigerator roulette.
16. I have eaten a soy free diet since 2014.
17. I have never broken a bone.
18. I started blogging in March of this year.
19. I REALLY want a puppy, my favorite dog is a golden retriever!
20. My favorite band is Rainbow Kitten Surprise (they are indie/rock, look them up!) But I also love the Lumineers, Caamp, Leon Bridges and Post Malone.
21. Backpacking is my favorite outdoor activity.
22. I really love lavender flavored things. And things that smell like lavender.
23. Once my brother and I caught a wild bunny and I kept it as a pet. It had babies not long after we caught it.
24. My favorite animal is a giraffe.
25. I married my high school sweetheart David. I met him when he was 14 and I was 16!
26. I love traveling! I haven't been many places yet but the countries I have been to are Canada, Mexico, Philippines, Ireland and Belize.
27. I really enjoy reading and do not do it often enough!
28. Right now my favorite color is pink or peach but I really just love all light/pastel colors.
29. I am only 5'1"
30. My birthday is November 8th
31. I used to be on a jump roping team.
32. I love to dance and I am TERRIBLE at it :)
33. I used to rock climb but haven't in a LONG time. David on the other hand goes multiple times a week.
34. I grew up in Tacoma, WA
35. I went to a private Christian school for every grade except 4th and 5th.
36. I am Christian.
37. I don't watch a ton of TV, in fact, I almost never watch TV. But, I am into Stranger Things and Handmaid's Tale right now.
38. Swimming with whale sharks is on my bucket list.
39. I wear glasses but my vision is 20/20. I have an astigmatism.
40. I like to paint.
41. My favorite type of food is a toss up between Indian and Thai.
42. I prefer wine over beer
43. And I think champagne and popcorn is totally acceptable for dinner.
44. Anthropologie is my favorite store.
45. I have eaten pickled sea lion flipper.
46. I enjoy gardening but I am not that great at keeping plants alive. It is a work in progress.
47. I was a "skater" in 7th grade.
48. I used to be in choir in middle school and high school.
49. I tripped walking down the stairs at my college graduation but I didn't fall and I don't think any one really noticed?
50. I love being near the water, lakes and oceans are my happy place.
51. I used to have a cat named Pocahontas and I named my childhood dog Midget...don't let me name your pets.
52. I've only been rear ended once, other than that I have never been in a car accident.
53. But I have gotten one speeding ticket.
54. I used to have a major obsession with Pokemon. I almost had all the cards of the original 151.
55. I know A LOT of song lyrics from the early 2000s and used to be able to rap every song that would come on the radio.
56. I suck at trivia.
57. I love to wear lipstick.
58. I am definitely an Apple products person.
59. I do my laundry maybe once every 2 months. David does his almost twice a week.
60. Once I saw a wild fire start by a lightning bolt striking a tree on a mountain.
61. I ate rat poison as a child because my friend said it was candy, sorry mom and dad.
62. I don't have any tattoos.
63. My favorite winter sport is snowboarding and it has been more fun the better I get at it.
64. I played basketball in high school and was terrible.
65. I misplace my phone a lot. And I tend to generously spread my things out at home or places I am staying at for a weekend.
66. I can be pretty shy and typically won't be the first person to say hi if I run into someone I know.
67. I have beaten the original Mario for Nintendo multiple times.
68. I DO NOT like snakes.
69. I don't do software updates as they come out and David thinks I am a weirdo for that.
70. I am definitely a rule follower.
71. I was almost a 10 pound baby, my poor mother was only 90 pounds when she got pregnant with me.
72. I don't really remember my dreams but I SO wish I did.
73. I only have my ears pierced.
74. Sometimes I get hives if my skin gets too hot or cold.
75. I have climbed Mount St. Helens.
76. I can almost fall asleep any where.
77. I have seen Alex Honnold at the climbing gym and David climbed next to him.
78. I have caught an octopus fishing.
79. I never took an art class in high school or college.
80. I used to volunteer and do work out classes for senior citizens at a retirement home.
81. I can't hold my breath very long.
82. I was born with blue eyes and blonde hair.
83. I am traveling to Israel in June.
84. I used to cut my own hair.
85. I am an aspiring morning person.
86. I often use words in the incorrect context. Or I just use the wrong word entirely. David gets a kick out of this.
87. The most I have hiked in one day is 14 miles.
88. I love storms.
89. I eat left overs for breakfast more than I eat breakfast food for breakfast.
90. I have 27 nieces and nephews.
91. I won the spelling bee in 2nd grade.
92. Apple pie is my favorite dessert to bake.
93. I almost pursued my Master's degree to become a counselor.
94. I never went to summer camp growing up.
95. I could and have spent hours in a book store.
96. I have never had a black eye.
97. I really like "finding" things. Scavenger hunts and word searches are my jam.
98. I sadly only speak English.
99. I have held and pet a baby tiger.
100. I have the MGM Grand security phone number in my phone contacts but that is a story for a different day.
And there you have it. All you need to know about me...just kidding.
It wasn't that hard to come up with 100 fun facts but it wasn't as easy as I was expecting either. I did it in one sitting but 100 fun facts is a lot of fun facts so if you have made it this far I am impressed and thank you for reading.
xoxo,
Ashley
P.S. I would love to know which one was the most surprising! Let me know :)Check out Steem Monsters (@steemmonsters on Steemit) – a new digital TCG built on the Steem blockchain! They just launched an epic Kickstarter campaign looking to leave a big mark (bite, wound?) on the gaming sector. Steem Monsters stands to become the first true example of a decentralized game and marketplace with much of activity and game-building narratives driven directly by the community of users surrounding it. Explore the new game features, the campaign, and support the initiative here.
Name: Steem Monsters
Website:
Kickstarter: Link
Steemit Account:
Twitter:
Have an event, project, competition, special announcement, or other relevant news you would like to share with The Creative Crypto community through the Billboard? Click on the button below to submit info on your recent and upcoming activities!
Isaiah Hastings, Canada's Top Football Prospect, Places Alabama No. 1 After Official Visit
You never forget your first.
For Isaiah Hastings, the initial official visit of the college football recruiting process was long overdue. The Canadian defensive lineman, playing in 2021 at Clearwater (Fla.) Academy International, considered summer official visits but passed. He then had one to Oregon set for earlier in October, but it was cancelled due to strikes within the airline industry.
Alabama hosted the 6'4", 295-pound prospect over the weekend and the multi-day stay in Tuscaloosa went quite well for both parties. The Crimson Tide got a big home win over Tennessee and Hastings has a new leader in his recruitment.
"They're probably number one right now," he told Sports Illustrated. "It's the only official I've taken right now and I'll probably take others to see how it is. They've showed a lot of love, they're the best team in the country and they want to be the best.
"If you go to Alabama, you're literally playing for a dynasty and the greatest coach of all time."
Of course the man on the mantle at UA has plenty of proof for the process. In between academic presentations, tours, jersey fittings and the game itself, Nick Saban was a constant on the visit.
The time with the head coach wasn't just about the winning, NFL production and standard on campus.
"It was great, I met with Coach Saban many times," Hastings said. "I went over to his house, I saw him before the game and after the game. At his house, I had breakfast there. In all the interviews you get the feeling he's very serious, and he is a serious man. But at the same time he is very calm, a chill coach and a chill person at the same time.
"In person I get a different vibe from him. He's talking football but also just talking life, how he grew up, how he loves cars and everything. Especially in the morning, it was about who he is, going to the lake driving boats, and great stories."
SI Recommends
The feel of the time in Tuscaloosa had one of America's most coveted defensive prospects connected to droves of people affiliated with the Crimson Tide program, from players to their families and beyond.
Hastings likes how it pairs with the culture of the team itself.
"What I really like about Alabama is that they're winners and they want to be the best," he said. "That's something I want to be as well. But when you meet them it's more of a family feel. From the outside looking in it's like, 'oh 'Bama, they're very serious and militant.' And they are very serious about the game, but it also has a family appeal."
Time with Saban is often memorable for prospects in town, especially those who get time near the water like the group of visitors did, but it also affords more time to connect with potential position coaches.
Alabama defensive line coach Freddie Roach has been consistent with the program's latest Canadian target.
"My and Coach Roach are building a great, great relationship," he said. "I was with him a lot, too, even at Coach Saban's house riding the golf cart with him. It almost flipped over when I was driving. We were in the woods going up and down hills, on a bunch of branches and stuff. It was tilting a little bit (laughing).
"He's very hyped, fun to be around."
Moving forward, Hastings will most likely see other campuses before a verbal commitment is to be made. The list will include Oregon, who will "fore sure" get the cancelled visit rescheduled. Other programs long in the mix include Georgia, Florida and Michigan.
There is no timetable for a decision in between now and the Early Signing Period, beginning December 15, when senior prospects can sign a National Letter of Intent.Leaders Stress For Not Repeating The Fate Of First CA Meet
Kathmandu,9 March 2015: Political leaders on Monday said the parties should not allow the second Constituent Assembly to meet the same fate of the first CA which was dissolved due to failure to come to a consensus.
In an interaction programme held in the capital, CPN (UML) Vice Chairperson Bidhya Devi Bhandari claimed the constitution would be delivered before May 29 as agreement had already been reached on forms of governance, judiciary and the electoral system. Bhandari also underlined her party’s inclination to draft the constitution on basis of consensus.
“We must urgently give country an outlet to the country from current impasse even if we have to form a federal commission to resolve problems in the disputed districts,” she said.
Nepali Congress Spokesperson Dilendra Prasad Badu said the opportunity of the renewal of negotiation among the ruling and the opposition should not be allowed to go abortive. He added that constitution cannot be drafted through agitation on the streets while urging all the stakeholders of the peace process to stand for a single platform to draft the new constitution. “Nepali Congress’ bottom-line is to draft the new constitution through agreement, cooperation and unity,” he said.
He called for resolving the differences seen in the five districts through dialogue so as to prevent the bid on consensus from falling out.
Spokesperson of the opposition alliance, Prem Bahadur Singh called on the ruling parties to shun their arrogance. “The mass demonstration on February 28 was not an agitation, but rather meant to mount pressure for agreement,” Singh asserted.
Sadbhawana Party Chairman Rajendra Mahato said the constitution was not made due to arrogance of the ruling side emanating from their two-third majority. He called on the media to prioritize disseminating credible information citing they had a significant role to play in the constitution making.
Source:RSSCan Catholic Hospitals Say No to Life-Saving Abortions?Can Catholic Hospitals Say No to Life-Saving Abortions?
Are Catholic hospitals legally bound to provide such procedures as emergency abortions or tubal ligations? The hospitals say no, but the ACLU says yes. Medscape Business of Medicine
Source: Medscape Business of Medicine Headlines - Category: Pharmaceuticals Tags: Family Medicine/Primary Care Commentary Source Type: news
Related Links:
We steri...
Source: Tubal Reversal Blog - Category: Reproduction Medicine Authors: Dr. Monteith Tags: Essure removal health insurance pay Source Type: blogs
Conclusion: Essure reversal is a feasible technique for removing the device and restoring tubal patency; however, more data are needed on pregnancy outcomes following this novel procedure. PMID: 30846897 [PubMed - in process]
Source: JSLS : Journal of the Society of Laparoendoscopic Surgeons - Category: Surgery Tags: JSLS Source Type: research
With advances in assisted reproductive technology (ART), the role of reproductive surgery as the primary treatment of infertility has been questioned. Tubo-peritoneal factor infertility is common, and accounts for 30 –40% of female infertility. The pathology of tubal disease ranges from peritubal adhesions, proximal and/or distal tubal blockage, hydrosalpinx to previous sterilization. In tubo-peritoneal factor infertility, reproductive surgery remains an important option and is complementary to ART.
Source: Obstetrics, Gynaecology and Reproductive Medicine - Category: OBGYN Authors: Alpha K. Gebeh, Mostafa Metwally Tags: Case-based learning Source Type: research
Publication date: Available online 3 March 2019Source: Journal of Health EconomicsAuthor(s): Elaine L. Hill, David J.G. Slusky, Donna K. GintherAbstractMergers that affiliate a hospital with a Catholic owner, network, or system reduce the set of possible reproductive medical procedures since Catholic hospitals have strict prohibitions on contraception. Using changes in ownership of hospitals, we find that Catholic hospitals reduce the per bed rates of tubal ligations by 31%, whereas there is no significant change in related permitted procedures such as Caesarian sections. However, across a variety of measures, we find mini...
Source: Journal of Health Economics - Category: Health Management Source Type: research
Conditions: Sterilization Tubal; Salpingectomy; Laparoscopy; Ovarian Reserve Interventions: Procedure: Laparoscopic tubal ligation; Procedure: Laparoscopic bilateral salpingectomy Sponsor: Göteborg University Not yet recruiting
Source: ClinicalTrials.gov - Category: Research Source Type: clinical trials? Baby born after reversal of burned tubes Dr. Monteith performs tubal reversal in his specialty center at an affordable price. Patients travel from across the United States to have reversal surgery at his center. More information: Cost...
Source: Tubal Reversal Blog - Category: Reproduction Medicine Authors: Dr. Monteith Tags: in-vitro fertilization is tubal reversal possible monteith North Carolina pregnant raleigh Source Type: blogs
Authors: femal...
Source: Obstetrics and Gynecology - Category: OBGYN Tags: Obstet Gynecol Source Type: research
Publication date: Available online 13 February 2019Source: Journal of Minimally Invasive GynecologyAuthor(s): Annie J. Kim, Andrea Barberio, Pamela Berens, Han-Yang Chen, Shavonia Gants, Lisa Swilinski, Uchenna Acholonu, Shao-Chun Chang-JacksonABSTRACTStudy ObjectivesTo assess the change in rate of laparoscopic salpingectomy for sterilization after the release of the November 2013 Society of Gynecologic Oncology (SGO) Clinical Practice Statement and the January 2015 American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) Committee Opinion: Salpingectomy for Ovarian Cancer Prevention. We hypothesized there would be an in...
Source: Journal of Minimally Invasive Gynecology - Category: OBGYN Source Type: research
ConclusionOur findings suggest that HLA-G upregulation in advanced stages may contribute to the state of immunosuppression in endometriosis as disease progresses.
Source: European Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology and Reproductive Biology - Category: OBGYN Source Type: research
Driving Factors of Decision Making for Prophylactic Salpingectomy Versus Tubal Ligation at the Time of Cesarean Section
Conditions: Salpingectomy; Sterilization, Tubal Intervention: Procedure: Surgical sterilization Sponsor: Bartin State Hospital Recruiting
Source: ClinicalTrials.gov - Category: Research Source Type: clinical trials
More News: Emergency Medicine | Hospitals | Legislation | Pharmaceuticals | Primary Care | Tubal LigationSharing here my thought and tool process that brought me to create the project called “Word Wars – News from the Empire“.
I’ve been playing around for a while with Blender scripting and even organized monthly workshops about it to share the experience with other artists in a group called “Blender-Brussels“. And since the beginning of these workshop sessions, my goal was to turn one of these one day projects into a daily video generation tool.
Then last month, while preparing the class I gave to a couple of artists in New York city, I started writing a small example script that would grab some text from the web and turn it into a 3D object inside a Blender scene. And while playing around with the script, the idea to turn this into a very resource hungry news reader came to me. Basically, from then on, the rest followed.
As a Star Wars fan, I’ve always been puzzled by the countless memes and reinterpretations it has generated. It somehow reflects how Hollywood culture can really take over our imagination and even become the mythological stories of our western society. But it also portraits Hollywood’s fascination for war stories, an important part of U.S. culture in general. I can’t think of any other western country where the war hero is so present in politics and everyday life. But again, when you know that the U.S. has almost constantly been at war since it’s creation, this comes with no surprises.
So it became clear to me that I wanted to address these subjects in a simple and buzzworthy manner. Following the path of the YES MEN, I chose The New York Times as my only source of war news.
Practically, the whole project consists of a prepared Blender scene, with a starry night (I’ll come back to that later), some placeholder for the texts, a modified Star Wars logo and the “Main Title Theme” music by John Williams.
Then I have two Python scripts. One that fetches the RSS feeds from the NYT and filters the news searching for war related keywords. If at least one article is found, it will add the text to the scene and modify the animation keyframes (because I do always want to have the text start at a certain time and vanish into the infinite emptyness at another particular time also) to fit with the music. The first script finishes by rendering the clip. The second script takes care of the uploading to Youtube, adding the title and filling the description.
To get the feeling right, I studied carefully the original intro from the first Star wars movie. The dedicated wikpedia page helped me also figure out some of the things, but in the end, I took some creative liberties that maybe only a hard core Star Wars fan would notice.
The original font used by Lucas is the “News Gothic” by american author Morris Fuller Benton. But since I’m a big fan of open source fonts, I preferred to use “News Cycle” by Nathan Willis, also an american author and − full disclosure − a good friend. The font is similar to News Gothic and fitted perfectly for the job. Using it, I was also happy to promote his excellent work in the open font world.
For the logo, I downloaded the svg version of it from Wikipedia and searched for amateur SW fonts for the missing characters (O&D). In the end, I found myself redrawing almost all of it, point by point, in Inkscape, until I reached the desired look.
For the music score, it quickly was out of question that I would try to find a replacement for the original score by John Williams. First, it’s so iconic − the music is a meme in itself − that it would be pointless to find a remix or a different version of it. I really wanted to keep close as much as possible to the real feel of a Star Wars intro, and well, can’t do without John and the brass from the London Symphonic Orchestra. Second, if you worry about copyright issues, there is two arguments that made me stick by this choice. One is that, since I was uploading to Youtube, I knew they would let me use the music but would also certainly pay the necessary royalties to John for me. Then, if anyone still complained, I could certainly make a case, with all the clips and remixes you can find online, that the song could be considered as public domain. (I know that last argument is a bit too far fetched, but there should be a case like this in copyright laws.)
Then for the star field background, I wanted to pay my respects to those fans scrutinizing every official Star Wars trailer looking for a detail or a key that would unlock a piece or a new character from the coming movie. So I searched for the real star field that you can see from earth and found it from Paul Bourke’s page, luckily in a very high resolution. Since there was no license mentioned on the page, I contacted him by mail. Here’s his response:
No license … go wild.
Acknowledgements welcome.
I could not be happier. Adding this little detail, that until now I (guess) was the only one who could see it, for me, really tied the whole project together. It’s subconscious to the viewer, but s/he is watching those flying vanishing news from earth.
After all this, I polished the scripts a little, moved it all to a small dedicated server, cried a little when I saw the difference in rendering times between the server and my desktop, reworked the scene to pre-render the parts that never change, gained a couple of hours, then patiently waited 20 days (for 20 videos to be generated) before releasing it to the public.
For those interested, you can download the project files from this repository. Feel free to use and modify as this project is released under a Free Art license and let me know if you make anything of it.
And while I was writing this post, Youtube announced me the latest video, “Episode XXVII”:- Euro.
The European Investment Fund and Vaekstfonden have signed a counter-guarantee agreement for Danish SMEs, supported by the European Fund for Strategic Investments, EFSI, the heart of the Investment Plan, the Juncker Plan.
The guarantee agreement will allow Vaekstfonden to widen its financing options to Danish SMEs most in need of fresh funding in the cultural and creative sectors. Vaekstfonden will support currently underserved sub-sectors including for example design, visual arts, books, music, architecture and cultural activities, with DKK 300 million (c. €40 million) of loans over three years.
In total, around 80 SMEs in the cultural and creative sectors are expected to obtain access to finance as a result of this new agreement which is also supported by the Cultural and Creative Sectors Guarantee Facility under the EU's Creative Europe programme..”
EIF Chief Executive, Pier Luigi Gilibert, said: “This first agreement in Denmark supported by the EU guarantee helps Vaekstfonden to significantly increase lending volumes to SMEs in the cultural and creative sectors. Access to finance is often limited for companies in the cultural and creative sectors, and these new agreements will help Vaekstfonden to target new support for this sector.”
Rolf Kjærgaard, Chief Investment Officer at Vaekstfonden said: “We are very pleased to have signed this new agreement with EIF that will allow us to ensure further financing for Danish SMEs in the creative and cultural sectors. Denmark has a strong tradition in these fields, and with the backing from EIF we can deepen our engagement with these sectors to provide more loans to promising creative businesses in Denmark.” lack of financial intermediary expertise in addressing sector specificities. Vaekstfonden
Vaekstfonden is the Danish state’s... Creative Europe is a 7-year programme (2014-2020) which has a budget of €1.46 billion for the duration of the period. The objective of Creative Europe is to promote cultural diversity, encourage the circulation of European culture and creativity and strengthen the competitiveness of the cultural and creative sectors.
About the Juncker Plan
The Investment Plan for Europe, the Juncker Plan, projects and agreements approved for financing under the EFSI so far are expected to mobilise €380 billion in investments, including €4.7 billion in Denmark, and support around 7842,000 SMEs across all 28 Member States. The latest figures on EFSI by sector and country can be found here.
28 February 2019Texas is home to two of the least sinful cities in the U.S.
Swipe through to see the most and least sinful cities in the U.S.Photo: Getty Images
Swipe through to see the most and least sinful cities in the U.S.
Caption
Swipe through to see the most and least sinful cities in the U.S.
Swipe through to see the most and least sinful cities in the U.S.
Texas' Plano and Brownsville have ranked among the least sinful cities in the U.S., according to a new study.
The study, conducted by WalletHub, analyzed 182 cities in the U.S. across seven clusters of data: "anger and hatred," "jealousy," "excess and vices," "greed," "lust," "vanity," and "laziness."
Within these seven cluster, WalletHub used 32 different metrics to make their sinful determinations; they included the most violent crimes per capita ("anger and hatred"), share of obese adults ("excess and vices"), adult entertainment establishments per capita ("lust"), and casinos per capita ("greed"), among many others.
This data was gathered from places like the U.S. Census Bureau, Bureau of Labor Statistics, and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.
GOOD TIMES: Two Texas cities rank among the most fun in the U.S.
Corpus Christi had the fewest hate-crime incidents (per 100,000 residents) at 0.31, which is 71 times fewer than in Boston, which had the most at 22.25. San Francisco topped the list with the lowest share of obese adults at 16 percent, which is 2.3 times lower than in Mobile, Ala., the city with the highest at 37 percent.
Singles in these cities are ready to mingle.Media: JW Player
Swipe through the gallery above to see what cities ranked as the most and least sinful.
Fernando Alfonso III is a digital reporter at Chron.com. You can read more of his stories here and follow him on twitter at @fernalfonso. If you also like surreal GIFs and Polaroids, go here and here.Serial rapist Amos Ngobeni has been removed from society – sentenced in the Durban High Court on Wednesday to 10 life terms and a collective 235 years’ imprisonment.
Ngobeni, a Zimbabwean national, had stalked the streets of Inanda and raped 19 women over several years. The 30-year-old artisan and father of four will now spend the foreseeable future behind bars.
For one victim of Ngobeni — who was violated in front of her helpless boyfriend six years ago — the fear and shame of her ordeal linger on.
“I was afraid to even go out of the house, especially at night. I would have to make sure that all the doors were locked all the time,” the woman said.
The woman, who cannot be named in terms of the SA press code of conduct as a rape victim, told of how the attack had changed her life.
“The shame and embarrassment of looking at my neighbours was too much, it was as if I was losing my mind and I would run away if I saw a person walking towards me,” she said.
“I couldn’t sleep at night and every time I closed my eyes the memories of that night would flash back to me,” she added in her victim statement ahead of Ngobeni’s sentencing.
— TimesLiveFace First Ep - Single
Genres: Metal, Heavy MetalFull-size cover art
Release date: 01.09.2018
Release date: 01.09.2018
Tracklist:
1. Eyes of Grievance (02:19)
2. Visions in Hell (02:02)
Previews of this tracks proivided by Itunes.
Here you can find track previews from release Ep - Single by artist Face First. This album was released 01.09.2018 and containing 2 tracks. Listen online Face First - Ep - Single previews (30 seconds length) is free and don't require registration. For buy album Face First - Ep - Single please follow to music stores. If we have other releases and albums Face First you can see it on this page. All music content by Face First is presented for reference only.369 Albany Highway, Albany, WA 6330 | Phone: (08) 9841 1177
369 Albany Highway, Albany, WA 6330 Phone: (08) 9841 1177
Select the dates of your stay and the number of people
Reservation process was idle for more than 5 minutes and your selection has been released.
Your session has been idle for more than 20 minutes and has been reset.
The coupon code has been sent.It's the moment a lot of people have been waiting for, the release of a new Jane's Addiction song. If you head over to the band's website, you can get the new track 'End To The Lies' in exchange for your email address.
The full album will be released in August, featuring a bass performance from Dave Sitek of TV On The Radio fame, Duff McKagan was originally writing material with the band for the album, but is now working full time with his band Loaded.
Rich Beech
More News: Like ThisMore News: Like ThisPeduto Calls For Independent Investigations Of Police Use Of Force At East Liberty Protest
Following a rash of social media videos and media stories examining how and why Pittsburgh police broke up a protest in East Liberty on Monday, Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto has said he's requesting investigations by the Citizen Police Review Board and the Office of Municipal Investigations.
“For the past 36 hours, I have studied best practices of less lethal crowd dispersion, I have read countless comments on social media and viewed first-hand video, photographs and accounts," Peduto wrote in a.”
The Monday protest was held to protest police brutality following the death of a black Minneapolis man, George Floyd, at the hands of police. Public safety officials said that they used crowd-control equipment because as the march broke up, a “splinter group” had started to vandalize storefronts and throw rocks and bottles at officers. But protesters dispute that account, saying police fired rubber bullets at them first.
At a press conference late Monday, public safety officials insisted multiple times they had used smoke canisters to disperse crowds; on Tuesday, the Tribune-Review confirmed that tear gas was also used.
That same night, Peduto said he would be reviewing trancripts of the event, but would be unable to release them publicly due to "critical information on the operation side" as well as a contract with the police union. As WESA reported earlier Wednesday, the police union said it had no basis for objecting to that release, and multiple experts contacted by WESA said that the city could release the documents.
In a letter to the independent Citizens Police Review Board, Peduto requested that the group "perform a review of City actions" with the American Civil Liberties Union, the NAACP Pittsburgh branch, and the United States Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
Peduto's letter to OMI asks for answers to two dozen questions related to the incident, as well as an analysis of numerous incidents that took place during the protest.
"Given the very reason these protests are occurring, and the desperate need to protect black lives, it is imperative that we are transparent and accountable in our actions," he wrote.
Representatives for both the ACLU and the U.S. Attorney’s Office, meanwhile, said late Wednesday that they had not been contacted by the mayor’s office about the investigations.
"We have not received an invitation and don’t know what role the mayor sees for the ACLU," said Vic Walczak, legal director for the ACLU of Pennsylvania. "Once we understand the details, we will evaluate the request."
*This story was updated at 5:04 p.m. on June 3, 2020 to include responses from the ACLU and the U.S. Attorney's Office.SPRING 2018 ELECTIONS
University of Toronto Mississauga Students’ Union
Nomination Period: March 5, 10:00 a.m.to March 9, 4:00 pm.
Silent Period: March 9 at 4 p.m to March 12 at 9 a.m.
All-Candidates Meeting: March 10 at 1:00 p.m – 3:00 p.m (Location: Student Centre Board Room)
Campaign Period: March 12, at 9:00 a.m to March 22 at 6:00 p.m
Voting Period: March 20 from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m to March 22 from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
The University of Toronto Mississauga Students’ Union is holding its Spring 2018 Election for the following positions:
President – (1 seat)
Vice President Internal – (1 seat)
Vice President Equity – (1 seat)
Vice President External – (1 seat)
Vice President University Affairs – (1 seat)
Division II – Directors At Large – (4 seats)
Division III – Central Directors At Large – (7 seats)
Division IV – Part-Time Directors at Large – (2 seats)
Division V – MAM Representative – (1 seat)
Please find the Official Election Procedure Code2018 for your reference.
Complaint Forms
Elections and Referendum Committee Appeal FormHere are 50 books J.I. Packer thinks you should read. It’s funny to have come across this today, considering me post earlier.
I’m saddened to report that I have not read any of these (I won’t count the ESV Study Bible). Even worse, I have only four or five on my list of books to read (though, none on my 2016 Challenge List). Many of the books, though I am familiar with their general category, I’ve never heard of. So many books, so little time.Reservations open in June! Experience the Caribbean in a whole new way with The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection, as they debut their luxurious style with the casual elegance of yachting. Discover uncrowded white sand beaches, idyllic villages and friendly locals on Bequia. Explore the coral reefs at quaint Carriacou. Intimate spaces, exquisite accommodations and attention to detail combine for a personalized, authentic vacation.Though it rarely makes headlines in the US, the simmering rivalry between American and Chinese military forces has prompted some to declare the South China Sea - where Beijing has been building out its military and naval infrastructure in defiance of international court rulings - the "world's most dangerous hotspot".
And as China has transformed rocky atolls into stationary aircraft carriers, nobody has been more vocal about the dangers of China's increasingly aggressive posture in the Pacific than Admiral Philip Davidson, the commander of U.S. Indo-Pacific Command, who has warned about the growing geopolitical threat even as many established economists have played down the risk of a conflict because, in theory, the economic links between the world's two largest economies represent a reliable counterweight.
Admiral Philip Davidson
Offering yet another ominous warning just days after Washington again provoked Beijing by flying two B-52 bombers over the contested sea, Davidson told a group of reporters that he had observed a rise in Chinese military activity in the Pacific.
Asked about the US's "freedom of navigation" operations in the region, Davidson declined to offer specifics but said only that the US would remain "an enduring Pacific power." But turning the focus again to China, Davidson warned that China's military buildup was a "hazard" to trade flows and financial information that circulates via fiber optic cables running on the ocean floor under the South China Sea.
.
However, many of the US's regional allies, particularly the Philippines, have questioned whether the US has done enough to curb Beijing's ambitions. Some top Philippine military officials have even questioned whether the US defense pact needs to be changed.% increase in defense spending in 2019, a slowdown from last year’s projected 8.1% increase though still seen as consistent with President Xi Jinping’s plans to grow and advance the military.
And even with domestic growth slowing, China continues to spend on its military buildup. And Davidson doesn't expect this to change. And Beijing's increasingly belligerent rhetoric about its plans for "reunifying" with Taiwan would seem to confirm this assessment.Eminem, Travis Scott, Cardi B & Rick Ross Top 2018 List Of Most Googled Artists
As 2018 begins to wind down, Google has released its annual list of top-searched artists, movies, actors — you name it. In the Musicians and Bands category, Eminem, Travis Scott, Rick Ross, Cardi B, Childish Gambino, Machine Gun Kelly and Meek Mill are among the most Googled of the year.
The highly publicized beef between Slim Shady and MGK likely fueled interest in both parties, although Em’s surprise album Kamikaze, battle rap satire BODIED, involvement in the Venom soundtrack and Kamikaze merch line couldn’t have hurt.Local Computer Repair Technicians in Your Area
Technicians in Inner Richmond, CA
Results for Inner Richmond Computer Service
ComputerRepairMan.com provides updated information on computer repair in Inner Richmond, CA.
Learn more about a Inner Richmond technician by clicking "view details," or enter a new zip code in the search box below to search again.Location: The Great Hall at Hamilton Place, 10 MacNab Street South, Hamilton
What: JUNO Songwriters’ Circle brings together some of the most talented Canadian singers and songwriters, sharing songs and stories on stage. Tom Power of CBC Radio was the on-stage host that led the discussion and introduced the artists in this truly unique setting.
The Experience: After a night of Juno parties; The songwriters’ Circle was definitely an event I was looking forward to. A rush of adrenaline came through me as I rushed to find parking. Having to pass the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in order to arrive at the venue made the rush all the more exciting. I made it just in time. They couldn’t have picked a more fitting venue for this event. The auditoriums seating floor was elevated for better acoustics and it was filled with people that have come from all walks of life but share this one common interest. By the time I knew it, the venue hit capacity as the artists were introduced. This was my first experience of a music event like this; I was intrigued by the artists’ stories, where they gave us you get behind the scenes insight on how they created their songs. Then performed that song live acoustically to the audience. The stories being shared varied; while some were trying to raise awareness, others took a more comical approach. Nonetheless, inspiring to say the least. The overall turn out of this event was highly successful. Those who attended The Songwriters’ Circle left experiencing a truly great musical event, you could hear whispers from the audience of how great all the performers were as they left the auditorium.
The Artists:
Lights
Ian Thornley(Big Wreck)
Fred Penner
Ryan Guldemond(Mother Mother)
Jenn Grant
Emmanuel Jal
Jess Moskaluke …
A&R Talk: Founder and CBO of Complex Media Network, Marc Ecko
The A&R Report's own Michael Asante had the pleasure of sitting down with legendary artist, CBO and founder of the …Mills Road Park
A location in Kenton County
Commute to Downtown Independence
Almost all errands require a car.
Minimal bike infrastructure.
Mills Road Park has a Walk Score of 5 out of 100. This location is a Car-Dependent neighborhood so almost all errands require a car.
The closest park is Mills Road Park.
Explore how far you can travel by car, bus, bike and foot from Mills Road Park.Finishing
Even Picasso had a finishing touch!
And to perfect your project, we offer as part of our integrated services, a wide range of finishing options, including
- cutting
- folding
- UV coating
- inkjet addressing
- clip sealing
- perfect binding (including PUR glue)
- Bourg single clamp perfect binder with PUR for digital print books
- saddle stitching
- Square back saddle stitchingLinking.
Download Publication
Publication Details
Audience(s):
Population Group(s):
Publication ID:
SKU:SMA03-3824
Publication Date:
5/2017
Note: if you experience problems with PDF documents, please download the latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader®.
Review SAMHSA's public domain notice
Last Updated: 12/14/2018South Bank London Embroidered Map Wall Hanging
£150.00 highlighted with bright red embroidery thread.
The map has been stitched onto calico and measures:
Width of map: 27cm
Width including dowel: 30.5cm
Total Length: 38cmOur privacy policy, which sets out how we will use your information, can be found here.
Terms of Sale
Peterson of Dublin is a registered trading name of Kapp & Peterson Limited, a company incorporated in the Republic of Ireland. All transactions entered into with Peterson of Dublin / Peterson.ie are governed by Irish law and consumer protection rights.
a) Payment
You can pay for items in the secure shopping cart using your VISA or MasterCard credit or debit card. Please note that all payments will appear on your statement as Peterson of Dublin.
However, if you do not feel comfortable giving out your billing information online, you can call us and we will process your order manually for you and accept your credit card number over the phone. If you have any problems using the cart, we would be happy to assist you with the order or place it over the phone on your behalf.
b) Return PolicyIt is our policy to handle only the very best quality in all merchandise. However, If you are not completely satisfied, you may return any merchandise for a refund. See below for necessary steps to be taken to insure your refund.
- General Returns/Refunds: Except for the extenuating circumstances described below, we provide a one-month, no questions asked return policy. Simply email us to arrange a return/refund.
- Pipe Returns/Refunds: A pipe may be returned for any reason within one month of purchase, provided it hasn't been smoked. Pipes are warrantied, by us, for one year to be free of defects. If you experience a 'burn-out' during this time period, please email us to arrange a return. We will give you a refund, or an exchange, at our discretion. We do not warranty pipes against excess wear and tear, such as tenon breakage, cracking from dropping the pipe, etc.
- Freight Damage: If damage happens to your items in shipping to you please refuse your order, indicate "damaged" on delivery receipt and call us immediately so we can start working on replacing your order. We will take all steps necessary to insure that you have your replacement product as soon as possible.
- International Returns Marked "Refused" or "Unclaimed: If you refuse to pay your local duty or tax, and the carrier bills Peterson of Dublin.
Please send back your return items like so:
Peterson of Dublin
48-49 Nassau Street
Dublin 2
D02 R983
Republic of IrelandCongress today is spending its time on an unusual pursuit: debating a significant piece of legislation. With debate in Syria sidelined, the Senate is taking up the first major piece of energy legislation to hit the floor since 2007—and it has an actual chance of passing the bill, to boot.
Known as the Shaheen-Portman bill for its bipartisan pair of authors, the “Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act” would set national standards for using energy efficient technology. Up to this point, adoption of those technologies has been, to put it bluntly, a disaster. Out of twelve major economies, the U.S. ranks ninth in energy efficiency. The bill written by New Hampshire’s Jeanne Shaheen and Ohio’s Rob Portman would apply to the construction and manufacturing industries, and the largest domestic energy consumer, the federal government. Independent evaluations of the bill almost unanimously found that the resulting landscape produces billions of dollars in savings for consumers and businesses alike. It has the potential to cut carbon emissions by the equivalent of 22 million cars and its authors have aggressively cut favored programs to keep it deficit-neutral and non-controversial—no Solyndra loan program lookalikes allowed.
As a result, support for the bill has come from all corners. The White House, numerous major public health groups, the usual suspects who make up the environmental lobby all support it, but so do the Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, the National Small Business Association, and the Christian Coalition of America. The bill has already passed out of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee with a vote of 19-3. Senators are considering amendments to the bill on the full floor right now.
So what could go wrong?
Environmental groups support the legislation as written but are petrified of potential riders. Among the “swimmers moving toward the raft,” as a Forbes writer put it, is a rumored amendment to approve construction of TransCanada’s Keystone XL pipeline. The National Wildlife Federation and nine of the nation’s largest public health groups have been spreading warnings about a rider to cripple Environmental Protection Agency’s enforcement of the Clean Air Act, the entire basis for the EPA’s ability to regulate airborne pollutants.
And of course, no major Congressional action would be complete without needless, unstudied opposition. Heritage Action, after the Heritage Foundation released a slate of pointed questions for legislators voting on the bill, urged senators this afternoon to vote “no.” Their press release called the bill “fatally flawed” because “it is based on the idea that businesses and families will act irrationally unless the government intervenes”—which, based on the current state of the country’s energy use, is patently true. Louisiana’s David Vitter, in lieu of debating amendments to Shaheen-Porter, would like the Senate to vote on Obamacare.
But Shaheen-Porter may be one bill that knee-jerk obstinacy proves unable to derail. When Vitter took to the podium to try to cut short debate, he interrupted Senator James Inhofe, the grand poobah of climate denialism. Inhofe had just offered a bit of clarifying language that Oregon Senator Ron Wyden said he also intended to support. Now there’s sentence you don’t see every day.
Molly Redden is a New Republic staff writer. Follow her on Twitter @mtredden.Researchers may have solved the mystery of why some patients infected with HIV, who are using antiretroviral therapy and show no signs of AIDS, develop serious depression as well as problems with memory, learning, and motor function.
Researchers at Georgetown University Medical Center say the findings could ultimately lead to a therapeutic solution for not only these patients, but for others suffering from brain ailments that appear to develop in the same way, including in the elderly.
“We believe we have discovered a general mechanism of neuronal decline that even explains what happens in some elderly folks,” says the study’s lead investigator, Italo Mocchetti, Ph.D.
“The HIV-infected patients who develop this syndrome are usually quite young, but their brains act old.”
The research team found that even though HIV does not infect neurons, it tries to stop the brain from producing a protein growth factor.
This growth factor is called mature brain-derived neurotrophic factor (mature BDNF) — that acts like “food” for brain neurons. Reduced mature BDNF results in the shortening of the axons and their branches that neurons use to connect to each other. said he believes that HIV stops production of mature BDNF because the protein interferes with the ability of the virus to attack other brain cells. It does this through the gp120 envelope protein that sticks out from the viral shell — the same protein that hooks on to brain macrophages and microglial cells to infect them.
“In earlier experiments, when we dumped gp120 into neuronal tissue culture, there was a 30 to 40 percent loss of neurons overnight. That makes gp120 a remarkable neurotoxin.”
This study is the product of years of work, according to Mocchetti, beginning when he and his colleagues were given a grant from the National Institutes on Drug Abuse to determine whether there was a connection between the use of cocaine and morphine and dementia.
They found that it was the virus that was responsible for the dementia, not the drugs, and so they set out to discover how the virus was altering neuronal function.
Their scientific break came when they were able to study the blood of 130 women who were enrolled in the 17-year-old, nationwide Women’s Interagency HIV Study. In one discovery, Mocchetti and colleagues found that when there was less BDNF in the blood, patients were at risk of developing brain abnormalities.
In this latest said.
The same imbalance between mature BDNF and proBDNF occurs as we age, although no one knows how that happens, he noted.
“The link between depression and lack of mature BDNF is also known, as is the link to issues of learning and memory,” he said.  added. “One way would be to use a small molecule to block the p75NTR receptor that proBDNF uses to kill neurons,” he said. “A small molecule like that could get through the blood-brain barrier. If this works in HIV-dementia, it may also work in other brain issues caused by proBDNF, such as aging.”
The study was published in the Journal of Neuroscience.
Source: Georgetown University Medical CenterThe
The Young Offenders Season 2 DVD Overview
Conor and Jock steal two bikes and go on a road trip, hoping to find the missing bale, which they can sell and therefore escape their troubled home lives. Unfortunately for them, Healy is in hot pursuit. The boys soon find the bale of cocaine,The Young Offenders Season 2 DVD stealing it from a disabled drug dealer named Ray, but they end up losing it on the way back to Cork. Ray later tracks them down, steals a nail gun from a hardware store, and angrily invades Conors home just as Healy also catches them. However,The Young Offenders Season 2 Healy clears things up and arrests Ray. Jock is put into foster care with Conor and his mother due to his abusive upbringing.cookingtips
About
cookingtips
About
Kitchen Tools Reviews
What You Need to Know about Kitchen Appliances for Home.
With over a 15 years of experience, helping businesses to grow.
About. Visit;
. The the primary aim of every tool in the kitchen is to make sure that the job done in the kitchen is being simplified which is one of the reasons to why people take a lot of time to have the appliances which have a significant impact on what goes on in the kitchen.
You don't have an option in today's world other than to use some of this tools which enables you to remain clean and maintain the house clean so that you create some time for what is needed from you on the other side. Learn more about;
Kitchen Tools Reviews
. some of this appliance like the stand mixers have been there although people were not keen on them because they were very costly but now everything is different and almost every home has it friendly the prices are far very comfortable for virtually any person who would need to have this kind of a tool in the kitchen.
It is important for people to make sure they are doing the best to have all they would require and therefore all they would need is to make sure they have the best kitchen appliances to use. Learn about;
Best hand mixer
. Everyone is aware of the blenders which are old kitchen appliances but still very useful up to date and one thing that people need to understand is that every time they are having what is necessary for them there is need to make sure they have a lot of stuff.
Blenders are available in different sizes and qualities, and all of them have different prices so one is at liberty to consider all the factors and get themselves the blender which will suit them. A Microwave is also something that every person needs to have in the kitchen because it has slot of use and a lot of benefits since there is need for people to make sure that they are dealing with things just like they should..
985-245-1730
Kenya
This site was built using
Create Your Website Today >>Serving Waterford, Maine 04088
Waterford HVAC
When you're looking for a HVAC contractor in Waterford, ME, call Martin Heating & Cooling for quick service.
Waterford AC Repair
Having trouble with your residential or commercial air conditioner? Have Martin Heating & Cooling of Waterford give you an estimate for your AC repairs.
Waterford Tankless Water Heater
Martin Heating & Cooling installs tankless water heaters in Waterford. Also known as on demand water heaters, your Waterford heater repair technician is just a phone call away: (207) 307-0257.
Waterford Hot Water Heating
At Martin Heating & Cooling, our team offers the highest quality, most efficient services in repairing or installing hot water heating systems. Martin Heating & Cooling of Waterford, ME is the name you can trust.
Waterford Furnace Service / Maintenance
Call Martin Heating & Cooling at (207) 307-0257 for your furnace maintenance / service before your Waterford, Maine area's harsh winter months arrive.
Waterford Heating Systems
When looking for a trustworthy HVAC contractor to install your heating system, call Martin Heating & Cooling of Waterford.
Waterford Gas Furnace
When replacing or installing a gas furnace, you want skilled technicians you can trust. Call Martin Heating & Cooling of Waterford, ME for trustworthy HVAC contractors.
Waterford Boiler Repair
For professional, expedient boiler repair in Waterford, call Martin Heating & Cooling for a quick quote.
Waterford Air Heat Pump
Whether you need your air heat pump repaired or installed, look no further. Martin Heating & Cooling of Waterford, ME have the trained professionals you can trust.
Waterford Radiant Heating
For affordable, eco-friendly heating system installation, have Martin Heating & Cooling of Waterford install your radiant heating system.
Waterford Central Air
Tired of the heat? Have Martin Heating & Cooling of Waterford install your central air conditioning system today.
Waterford AC Service
For fast, efficient AC services in Waterford, ME, call Martin Heating & Cooling today.
Waterford Residential HVAC
Here at Martin Heating & Cooling, we have the skilled HVAC technicians you need to install or repair the HVAC system in your home.
Waterford Emergency HVAC Service
Don't let your life become miserable when your HVAC system fails in the hottest summers or coldest winters. Martin Heating & Cooling of Waterford is there when you need them. Call now.
Waterford Air Conditioning
With Martin Heating & Cooling's affordable rates and efficient technicians, you'll be able to sit in your air conditioned home or office, worry free.
Waterford Air Filter Systems
In business since 2013, the staff at Martin Heating & Cooling has the knowledge and skill to improve the air quality of your Waterford home or office. For more comfortable, healthier living, call Martin Heating & Cooling for an estimate.
Waterford Thermostat Repair
When it comes to thermostat repairs, you need a HVAC contractor you can count on. With Martin Heating & Cooling of Waterford, you are guaranteed superb services. Call (207) 307-0257 now.Included in this issue: "Vote No!" - Brexit Campaign company fined for unsolicited text messages; NHS Trust fined for employee data breach; Panama Papers scandal continues as data made public and more...
UNITED KINGDOM
"Vote No!" - Brexit Campaign company fined for unsolicited text messages
Better for the Country Ltd, a company campaigning for Britain to leave the European Union, has been fined £50,000 for sending 500,000 unsolicited text messages to promote the "Vote No" Brexit campaign. The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) found that the company was in contravention of Regulation 22 of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 by transmitting unsolicited communications to individual subscribers for the purposes of direct marketing.
The ICO flagged that adequate consent had not been obtained, echoing previous guidance that organisations purchasing mailing lists from third parties must carry out rigorous checks to ensure the third party has obtained consents and is processing data fairly and lawfully (in line with Principle 1 of the Data Protection Act). It is not sufficient to rely on assurances of consent without first conducting proper due diligence. The ICO has recommended that companies consider the following:
- How and when was consent obtained?
- Who obtained it and in what context?
- What method was used – e.g. was it opt-in or opt-out?
- Was the information provided clear and intelligible?
- Did the wording specifically mention texts, emails or automated calls?
- Did it list organisations by name, by description, or was the consent for disclosure to any third party?
- Is the seller a member of a professional body or accredited in some way?
Read the ICO's penalty notice here
NHS Trust fined for employee data breach
The ICO has fined Blackpool Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (the Trust) £185,000 following the leak of sensitive personal information of over 6,000 members of staff - including their national insurance number, date of birth, religious beliefs and sexual orientation. Employees of the Trust uploaded an Excel spreadsheet containing the personal data to the Trust's website without realising that the personal data was freely accessible by users of the site. The Excel spreadsheet was used to display equality and diversity metrics, and personal data associated with metrics could also be viewed using a feature on Excel. The ICO highlighted that employees of the Trust provided personal information voluntarily in the expectation that it could be held securely, which heightened the need for robust measures to safeguard against unauthorised disclosure. The Trust's slow response to the breach lead to a higher penalty and this was made worse by the fact that there was a delay in the cached data being removed from search engines. Companies are reminded of the importance of clearing caches where a data breach has occurred via a public website.
NHS Trust fined for HIV-positive patients' email leak
The ICO has fined Chelsea and Westminster Hospital NHS Foundation Trust (the Trust) £180,000 for a leak of sensitive information relating to HIV-positive patients at 56 Dean Street - a sexual health clinic ran by the Trust. The clinic allowed HIV-positive patients to book appointments and receive test results by email, and newsletters were also circulated to the email addresses. Due to an internal error, recipients of one newsletter were able to see the email addresses of the other recipients, many of which contained first and last names. The email addresses were mistakenly entered into the "to" box rather than the "bcc" box when the emails were sent. The ICO responded with the following statement, "People's use of a specialist service at a sexual health clinic is clearly sensitive personal data. The law demands this type of information is handled with particular care following clear rules, and put simply, this did not happen." The fine issued in this case does not come as a surprise considering this is not the first time a data breach has occurred at 56 Dean Street. In September 2015 a similar data breach occurred also involving the use of an email newsletter. This case highlights the importance of staff training and well-planned procedures and reveals the robust measures the ICO is adopting when it comes to repeat offenders.
WORLDWIDE
Panama Papers scandal continues as data made public
A database of documents, leaked from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, has been made available publicly online. Ignoring a "cease and desist" order from Mossack Fonseca, the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) posted the documents online last week. Reportedly, the information was leaked by an unknown source using the alias "John Doe" over a year ago, after which hundreds of journalists began examining the data. The ICIJ said "the database will not include records of bank accounts and financial transactions, emails and other correspondence, passports and telephone numbers. The selected and limited information is being published in the public interest". With "hacktivism" on the rise, organisations holding large amounts of personal data must view data security as a priority. Whilst technical measures cannot always protect against human error or intent, strict controls on who within an organisation can access what data can help to manage and mitigate risk.
The coverage from the BBC is available here
Helena Brown
Partner, Head of Data
Edinburgh, UK
Help us plan our newest workshops!
View this email in your browser
Happy Holidays from The Makery!
December Newsletter
We have some news for you below, as usual, but first we at The Makery would like to wish you a very special Happy Holidays. We want to express our gratitude for your support this past year as we started on this incredible journey. We truly appreciate you and have enjoyed your visits to our studio, whether to weave with us, to take part in one of our creative workshops, or to browse our handcrafted goods. We have met so many wonderful people, and have enjoyed our sometimes deep, sometimes silly conversations with you all! We look forward with anticipation to even more creative fun in the coming New Year. May you and your dear ones have a peaceful and joyous holidays.
- Wendi and The Makery crew
Now, first things first: We have finalized our
2017 Winter/Spring Creative Workshop Schedule
! It is included it in its entirety at the end of this email.
We do not yet have the registration set up online, but we wanted to get the schedule out to you anyway, so you can start planning for the workshops you want. My goal is to get the actual registration up and running as soon as possible after Christmas. I will send another email out as soon as it's done. Workshops will start on January 14!
Thank you to those of you who participated in our Strategic Planning Survey. Your input was extremely useful to me in planning for the New Year. Your involvement resulted in donations of $10 to Puppy Dog Ranch, $15 to The Volunteer Center of Grant County, and $20 to El Refugio. Way to go!
The Makery will be closed Sunday, December 25 to celebrate Christmas. We will re-open on Monday, December 26
at our regular time (11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.).
We will also be closed from January 1 to January 7.
We will re-open on Sunday, January 8 with a belated celebration of
St. Distaff's Day (or "Rock Day").
Traditionally celebrated on January 7 in Medieval England, St. Distaff's Day was a celebration of the return to household work, including spinning, after the twelve days of Christmas. It is not named after an actual saint, but rather the distaff, which is a tool used in spinning to hold your fiber while you spin. The distaff in St. Distaff's Day became a symbol of the importance of spinning and fiber, in general, among women of all classes. In modern times, the day has become a celebration of spinning and other fiber-related tasks, a chance to get together, enjoy each other's company, and celebrate the New Year and the joy of the fiber arts.
We invite you to join us for
free weaving and spinning all afternoon
(we do ask that you pay only for the cost of your materials), from
Noon to 6:00 p.m.
Feel free to bring a friend and some food to share. Stay as little or as long as you want. This will be a low-key celebration of all things fiber, and of friendship--we will provide any basic instruction you need to get started weaving or spinning, but it is mostly a chance to fellowship with others, maybe try something new, and just relax as you weave and/or spin!
All ages welcome. No R.S.V.P. required. We hope to see you then!
In the week following Christmas, we will be making some hand-bound 2017 planners. Be sure to stop in and take a look if you choose to use a paper planner instead of your phone. Paper and pen rocks!
(And some of you know of my love for fountain pens. I am hoping to add these soon!)
Winter/Spring 2017 Creative Workshop Schedule
BOOKBINDING
Bookbinding: Coptic Stitch
Learn to make your own blank, hard cover book with this classic exposed spine bookbinding stitch that creates pages that lie completely flat, handy for journaling, sketchbooks, or photo albums. All bookbinding tools will be provided for your use in the workshop.
***THIS IS A 2-SESSION COURSE.
***THIS WORKSHOP IS OFFERED IN TWO SEPARATE SECTIONS. Each section is self-contained, and both sections will cover the exact same material.
Section 1: Mondays, January 16 & 23 – Noon to 3 p.m.
Section 2: Thursdays, March 2 & 9 – 6 p.m. to 9 p.m.
$50 + $10 materials
Bookbinding: Long Stitch
Learn to make your own blank, soft cover book with this basic bookbinding stitch that creates pages that lie completely flat, handy for journaling, sketchbooks, or photo albums. All bookbinding tools will be provided for your use in the workshop.
***THIS WORKSHOP IS OFFERED IN TWO SEPARATE SECTIONS. Each section is self-contained, and both sections will cover the exact same material.
Section 1: Wednesday, February 22 – Noon to 3 p.m.
Section 2: Monday, April 17 – Noon to 3 p.m.
$25 + $10 materials
Bookbinding: Buttonhole Stitch
Buttonhole stitch is a playful book-making option that can be used with hard or soft covers to create a book that lies open flat, making it easy to write or draw in. In this workshop, we will make one book with a cardstock cover, using fun decorative papers to enhance the peek-a-boo window to the book’s spine, and a button closure. All tools and materials will be provided for your use in the workshop.
Saturday, February 25 – 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.
$25 + $5 materials
Bookbinding: Secret Belgian
The Secret Belgian stitch for making books is an excellent way to create a hard cover book with a protected spine that lies open flat and has a unique decorative stitch finish. It is also one of the sturdier binding techniques. In this class, we will make one hard-cover book. We’ll also branch out in our use of cover materials, using balsa wood and cording to create the book’s cover. All materials and tools will be provided for your use in the workshop.
Saturday, March 18 – 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.
$25 + $10 materials
Bookbinding: French Link Stitch
Learn to make your own hard cover book with this highly decorative stitch. French link is another stitch that allows the book to lie completely flat, which makes an excellent surface for writing or drawing. In this class, we’ll use upcycled old book covers to create a hard cover with leather or fabric hinges on the spine. All bookbinding tools and material will be provided for your use in the workshop.
Saturday, April 8 – 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.
$25 + $10 materials
Bookbinding: Stab Binding
Learn to make your own blank, soft cover book with this unique stitch. Stab binding allows you to create a book with a stack of single sheets, which could be useful for binding things like artwork, printed items, or scraps of special paper—useful for keeping special mementos. We’ll discuss several traditional Japanese stitch patterns that you can try out. All bookbinding tools will be provided for your use in the workshop.
Saturday, April 15 – 1 p.m. to 3:30 p.m.
$20 + $5 materials
WEAVING
Inkle Loom Weaving
Learn to design patterns, set up an inkle loom, and weave long, narrow strips of fabric on this very affordable and easy-to-use loom. If you have your own inkle loom, feel free to bring it along; looms will be provided for in-workshop use of anyone who doesn’t have one. All other materials will be provided.
Saturday, January 14 – 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.
$25 + $5 materials
Intro. to Freestyle Weaving
Many of you have asked for an “Introduction to Weaving” class beyond our regular Drop-In Weaving classes, so we have created this basic introduction to many different freestyle weaving techniques. You might have seen many of these on our samplers in the studio. Now is your chance to come and learn how to weave. Over the course of three weeks, we will focus on learning the basics of weaving, gaining confidence at the loom, and learning the techniques that will allow you to express yourself at the loom—to weave your heart! All tools and materials will be provided for your use in the workshop.
***THIS IS A 3-SESSION COURSE.
Thursdays, February 2, 9, & 16 – 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.
$55 + $15 materials
Funky Hat Class
Exercise your creativity with this fun introduction to freestyle weaving. By the end of the afternoon, you will have woven and assembled your funky little hat to keep for yourself or to give away. You’ll be encouraged to think outside the box about the materials and techniques you use in your weaving, perfect for brand new weavers and experienced alike. All tools and materials will be provided for your use in the workshop.
***THIS WORKSHOP IS OFFERED IN TWO SEPARATE SECTIONS. Each section is self-contained, and both sections will cover the exact same material.
Section 1: Saturday, February 18 – 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.
Section 2: Wednesday, April 19 – Noon to 3 p.m.
$35 + $5 materials
Freestyle Weaving on an Inkle Loom
Free yourself and exercise your creativity during this morning of fiber play on an inkle loom. All equipment will be provided for your use during the workshop, but if you have your own inkle loom, feel free to bring that to the workshop.
Saturday, March 25 – 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.
$25 + $5 materials
OTHER FIBER ARTS
Beginning Crochet
Come learn the basic crochet skills in this three-session course. Get familiar with the tools, techniques, and stitches you need to make beautiful hats, scarves, blankets, and more! We’ll learn chain stitch, single crochet, double crochet, half-double crochet, and slip stitch. We’ll also learn how to read patterns. The registration fee does not cover tools or materials—we’ll provide you a list of the crochet hook and yarn that you need to complete the workshop (easy to get at the local yarn store, among other options).
***THIS IS A 3-SESSION COURSE.
Saturdays, January 21 & 28, February 4 – 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.
$55 (Crochet hook and yarn to be purchased by workshop participant.)
Beaded Kumihimo on a Disk
Kumihimo is a Japanese form of braiding that allows you to create long, intricately woven cords that can be used for anything from shoelaces to keychains to jewelry. In this two-session workshop, we will focus on using a small, handheld foam disk to create pieces that incorporate beads. We will create a keychain and then move on to a beaded bracelet. All materials and tools will be provided for your use in the workshop. You will also have the option of purchasing your own kumihimo kit that you can take home with you after the workshop is over.
***THIS IS A 2-SESSION COURSE.
Mondays, February 6 & 13 – 1 p.m. to 3 p.m.
$35 + $10 materials
Drop Spindle Spinning
Learn how to make your own yarn using a simple drop spindle and some wool fiber. We will also explore plying two singles together, discuss how to finish your yarn, and learn about different kinds of spindles and yarn. All tools and equipment will be provided for your use in the workshop. If you have your own spindle, feel free to bring it to the workshop, as well.
***THIS IS A 2-SESSION COURSE.
Saturdays, March 4 & 11 – 2 p.m. to 4 p.m.
$35 + $5 materials
Arm Knitting
We are offering this workshop due to popular demand. Arm knitting is an accessible form of knitting, using nothing more than your arms and some yarn. But it also introduces the basic concepts of knitting that can be transferred over to traditional knitting on needles when you would like to try something different. Because the only material required is yarn, and because there are a number of options for purchasing yarn (included a great local yarn store!), the registration fee does not cover materials. We will provide you with a list of the size and amount of yarn you need to bring to the workshop with you.
Thursday, March 16 – 6 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.
$20 (Yarn to be purchased by workshop participant.)
Needle Tatting Basics
Tatting is one of many traditional ways to make lace, and can be used to make beautiful lace jewelry, ornaments, pillow edgings, doilies and more. Needle tatting uses the same ideas as the more traditional shuttle tatting, and basically follows the same patterns, but makes the whole process a bit easier. Come learn the basic stitches and styles of needle tatting, as well as how to read patterns and choose the right needle and thread for your project in this fun two-session course. All tools and materials will be provided for your use during the workshop, and you will also have the option to purchase your own needle tatting kit to take home with you after the workshop is over.
***THIS IS A 2-SESSION COURSE.
Mondays, April 3 & 10 – 1 p.m. to 3 p.m.
$35 + $5 materials
SURFACE DESIGN
Hot Glue Batik Scarf
Batik is traditionally done using hot wax to create elaborate designs on fabric, but we will learn to create something similar using simple hot glue and dye on a lightweight spring scarf. All tools and materials will be provided for your use in the workshop.
Saturday, April 22 – 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.
$25 + $10 materials
KIDS’ CLASSES (Ages 8 to 14)
Finger Knitting
Finger knitting is a simple method of creating knitted tubes that can be used for anything from necklaces and jump ropes to scarves and rugs. All tools and supplies will be provided for use in class.
Saturday, January 28 – 10:00 a.m. to Noon
$20 (includes materials)
Peg Loom Weaving
Peg loom weaving is a larger form of stick or straw weaving, which is one of the most simple forms of weaving on a loom. It can be used to make thick woven fabric that can be used as wall hangings, rugs, scarves, and more. All tools and supplies will be provided for use in class.
Saturday, February 18 – 10:00 a.m. to Noon
$20 (includes materials)
Bookbinding
In this fun bookbinding class, we will make some simple books, including accordion fold books and books sewn with the pamphlet stitch (and Japanese stab binding, if there’s time). What a great present these would make for family and friends! All tools and supplies will be provided for use in class.
Saturday, March 11 – 10:00 a.m. to Noon
$20 (includes materials)
Gelli Plates
Join us for a morning of creative play using Gelli plates to make beautiful and unique prints on paper, cardstock, and fabric. All tools and supplies will be provided for use in class.
Saturday, April 1 – 2 p.m. to 4 p.m.
$20 (includes materials)
Kumihimo Braiding
Kumihimo is a Japanese braiding process that creates a cord that can be used for keychains, shoelaces, bracelets, and so much more! Kids love this easy technique that uses a foam disk to help you create lovely patterned braids. All tools and supplies will be provided for use in class.
Saturday, April 22 – 10:00 a.m. to Noon
$20 (includes materials)
KIDS’ WEAVING
Kids are always welcome to weave with us during our regular Drop-In Weaving times (see below), but we are happy to announce a special weekly after-school section of Drop-In Weaving just for kids (from any age old enough to reach the pedals of the loom, alone or with the help of an adult, up to age 12). Kids can be weaving with just five minutes of basic instruction, even if they’ve never woven before! (And kids often weave the most creative cloth, because they are much more open to possibilities than adults!)
Starting January 19, every Thursday after school – 4:00 p.m.-5:30 p.m.
$15 (Fee includes materials – kids must take home their weaving at the end of each session. Basic instruction in sewing kids’ handwoven fabric, to make a cell phone case, purse, and so on, is also an option during this time.)
DROP-IN WEAVING
We’ll continue our regularly scheduled Drop-In Weaving three times weekly, for all ages—adults and kids, alike. Consider Drop-In Weaving to be your “Introduction to Weaving” class. Even if you’ve never woven before, you can be weaving on your own with about five minutes of instruction. (We do the hard part of weaving, which is warping the loom, or setting the loom up!) If you have some (or a lot of!) experience weaving, consider Drop-In Weaving to be your time to just relax and weave, or to explore some new techniques that you can find on our in-studio hanging samplers. We call it “Drop-In” weaving because you don’t have to register ahead of time—simply show up during the regularly-scheduled time that works best for you. (However, if you want to be absolutely sure to have a loom available during a specific time, just email or call us to let us know you are coming and we’ll reserve a loom for you.) To get the most out of your two hours, please be sure to arrive by the beginning time of each session.
Sundays, 2:00 p.m.-4:00 p.m.
Mondays, 6:00 p.m.-8:00 p.m.
Thursdays, 11:00 a.m.-1:00 p.m.
$20 + materials ($2/oz.)
(First or introductory session is $15 + materials)
Also, ask us about our punch card options, new for 2017.
Gelli Plate Play-Date for Grown-Ups
On the first Saturday morning of each month, join us for a morning of creative play using Gelli plates to make beautiful and unique prints on paper, cardstock, and fabric. These can be used in mixed media projects, to make greeting cards or in scrapbooking, or to embellish other items such as photo mats. Gelli plates are playful, creative things—very little instruction is required, and the “play-date” is all about having access to our vast array of tools and paints. All tools and supplies will be provided for your use in this playful workshop.
First Saturday of every month: 2/4, 3/4, 4/1 – 10 a.m. to Noon
$20
All workshops listed here are for adults (and teens ages 15 and above), with the exception of Kids’ Classes and Kids’ Weaving. All workshops take place at The Makery, 108 West Yankie, Silver City.
In order to help us prepare for your class, please register at least one day before the start of your chosen class.
To register:
Stop by our studio at 108 West Yankie Street during our open hours—Thursday through Monday from 11 am to 4 pm
wendi@makerysvc.com
Register online (link to be added to our website at soon)
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can
update your preferences
or
unsubscribe from this list9789773422189
£2.95
Invocations From the Qur'an & Sunnah - Followed by Ar-Ruqiya (Remedy by recitation of Invocations over a patient)
00000.Download Link – Episode 22: Dominion Tank Police
Subscribe on iTunes. Drop us an Email. Find Grant on Twitter.
Grant, Zen, and the Heat return for the Saturday Anime classic – Dominion Tank Police!
Show Notes
What We’ve Been Watching + News (0:00)
- Zen checks out the Fist of the North Star manga; meanwhile, Grant continues his journey through Power Rangers Lost Galaxy, Gintama, and King of Braves GaoiGaiGar
- Netflix’s Death Note Trailer
- New anime streaming service, HiDive launches with new episodes of Legend of Galactic Heroes out each week!
Review (40:45):
A four part OVA prequel to the Masamune Shirow manga, Dominion Tank Police stars Leona and her cute, but totally awesome, tank Bonaparte as they fight to take down the criminal Buaku gang. The first two episodes, written, directed, and story-boarded by Koichi Mashimo showcase a flair for slapstick and comedic humor that arguably outdoes even the original manga in sheer wacky absurd-ism; while the later two episodes, helmed by director Takaaki Ishiyama and, I believe, a separate production staff, take a different posture, trading a bit of the over the top fun of the first half, for a more subdued, surreal, and reflective tone. Tune in for the full review!
Twitter Questions (1:51:47)There should be some sort of guide given out in school about how to manage your finances and the difficulties that inevitably arise, but, alas, there’s not. As such, many people find themselves in dire fiscal straits and feel like they have nowhere to turn. They live with the stresses and strains of the constant worry that debt and other money challenges bring. But here’s the thing: there’s always somewhere to turn! You just need to know where to look. Below, we run through the people who can help you move forward to a more secure financial standing.
Your Friends and Family
What’s the benefit of keeping your troubles to yourself? Just because you’re not sure about the right way to proceed, that doesn’t mean that no-one does. It’s always worthwhile talking about money troubles with your close friends and family, as they’ll invariably have useful advice to offer – indeed, many of them, especially the older ones, may have been in a similar situation before and found a way out. If nothing else, it’ll do you a world of good to talk about the issue rather than keep it all bottled up inside. It’s good to talk.
The Legal System
Sometimes, you’re plunged into financial difficulties, and it’s through no fault of your own. If you were a victim of a car crash caused by the actions of a distracted driver, then you may be facing months of physical rehabilitation and financial stress. But it doesn’t have to be this way, because the legal system may be on your side. Check out the Levin Injury Firm for more information about these types of cases. It won’t heal any injuries that you have but may help ease your financial plight.
Debt Charities
There are few things worse than living with debt. It’s one of those things that shouldn’t be too bad – you’re still physically fine, for instance – but which can cause so much stress! Fortunately, you don’t have to go through the process all on your own. There are debt charities that can help you cope with the stresses and strains of living under the umbrella of debt. Even if they’re not going to pay off what you owe for you, they can show you the right approach to the debt and make it more bearable.
Talking With Companies
Companies do, yes, want your money. But most of them aren’t evil and aren’t going to make you suffer to pay your bill instantly. If you’ve got a bill that you’re struggling to pay, it’s worthwhile opening up a dialogue with the company. You might find that they’re willing to give you more generous payment terms – and all it took was a phone call.
Your Employment Options
The best way to combat money troubles is to have more of it. If you can get a higher paying job, everything will look much brighter! It’s worthwhile asking for a raise if you think you’re eligible or investing in a course that’ll allow you to apply for the better-paying roles.Costco Wholesale Corporation / president feta cheese
1
We bought the President feta cheese this month at a Costco near Baltimore. I usually buy it and have never had an issue. Today when I opened the container we had recently opened, the cheese was covered in pink dots surrounding it. I am worried it could be listeria since I am pregnant and it could induce an abortion. I throw the cheese out and i will throw the unopened other cheese. It's the first time this has happened so I wanted to report it in case there was a contamination with listeria which could put many people in danger. Thank you!
ClClaudia Avalos Feb 11, 2019
More Costco Wholesale Corporation - pharmacy
- Costco Wholesale Corporation - tire department
Post your comment- Buying Guides »
- Solar Telescopes
- Kids Buying Guide
- Telescopes For Adults
- Automatic Go-To Telescopes
- GPS Telescopes
- Solar Central
- Telescope 101
- Reflectors vs. Refractors
- Mounts & Tripods
- Eyepieces & Accessories
- Books, Star Maps & Software
- Astrophotography
How to view the sun safely
The number one rule when aiming your telescope at the sun is to not look at it with your naked eyes! This will cause permanent, irreversible damage to your vision. Instead, there are various devices which can help protect you while viewing the sun, most importantly solar filters built specifically for telescopes.
Importance of a solar filter
Looking through a telescope is very similar to looking through a magnifiying glass. If you've ever used a magnifiying glass to burn leaves with the sun, you can begin to imagine why it's a bad idea to use a regular telescope to view the sun. That's why solar filters are vital to solar viewing, since they block out a huge fraction of the sun's light, but still let enough through for you to see.
Getting a solar filter
Any telescope can have a solar filter added to it if you have a filter of the right size. To make it even easier for you, we've created bundles which include the perfect solar filter for each telescope. These bundles have all of the usual bells and whistles of our telescopes, but with the added benefit of keeping your eyes safe during solar viewing. When setting up the telescope, just make sure to securely fasten the solar filter to the telescope. See the image below to see which part is the solar filter.
Perfect Solar Viewing Telescope Packages for Beginners
SunSeeker 6" Computer Controlled Solar Reflector TelescopeOur Price: $ 672.57
SunSeeker 50mm Refractor Solar TelescopeOur Price: $ 129.79
SunSeeker 76mm Cassegrain Solar TelescopeOur Price: $ 165.19
SunSeeker EQ-Mounted 80mm GPS Computer Controlled Solar Refractor TelescopeOur Price: $ 589.93
Beginners and Families
For those just starting out with astronomy or for family observation, it’s important to choose a telescope that you will actually use. The most important thing to keep in mind when picking a telescope is that you want something that works best for you, that you will enjoy, and that won’t sit out in the garage unused and gathering dust.
Kids Telescopes
For families with kids, it can be a great experience to use a telescope that everyone can be a part of setting up and using. Our number one solar scope for kids and families is the SunSeeker 80mm Refractor Solar Telescope. This versatile scope is a snap to set up, has a wide field of view that is good for moon and sun observation, can be used day or night, and has a compact design for portability. The mount is as simple as moving a handle to point the telescope.
Family Viewing
A perfect option for viewing the sun as a family is a computerized telescope mount. This gives you a controller so that you can select a celestial body and the telescope will point right to it, and continue to move to aim at it. This makes it very easy to get viewing in no time. Once the telescope is set up, anyone can view the object through the eyepiece, making it perfect for family or group viewing parties. We recommend the SunSeeker 4.5" Reflector Computer Controlled Telescope for the best balance of power and cost. Add on a camera and you can even connect the telescope to a laptop so that everyone can see at once.
- Solar Telescopes for Kids
- 80mm Portable Refractor Solar Telescope
- 50mm Refractor Solar Telescope
- 60mm refractor Solar Telescope
- Family & Group Solar Telescopes
- 4.5" Reflector Computer Controlled Package
- 6" Reflector Solar Telescope
- 90mm Cassegrain Solar Telescope
Solar Solar Telescope Packages for the Family
SunSeeker 50mm Compact Refractor Solar TelescopeOur Price: $ 100.29
SunSeeker 4.5" Computer Controlled Solar Reflector TelescopeOur Price: $ 637.17
SunSeeker 3" Tabletop Dobsonian Solar TelescopeOur Price: $ 142.40
SunSeeker 80mm Refractor Solar TelescopeOur Price: $ 246.56
Astrophotography and Automatic Solar Telescopes
The sun is one of the most popular subjects for astrophotographers. Whether you’re new the hobby or just looking for an upgrade, we have a wide selection of scopes that are suitable for photography.
Camera Options
The first thing to decide is what kind of camera you would like to use to capture images. We offer telescope specific cameras that fit any of our telescopes and can be added to any bundle package. These telescope cameras connect wirelessly or via USB to a laptop for easy viewing and pictures. We also carry telescope adapters for Nikon and Canon DSLR cameras. DSLR cameras are both bulkier and more expensive, but usually will give you higher-resolution images. The specialty telescope cameras that we sell are great for real-time observation using your laptop as a screen, and can also be used to create amazing images and videos of all that you observe.
In order to capture images of the greatest variety of objects, you will want to get the largest aperture size telescope you can. The larger the aperture, the greater the light-gathering power of the scope. As the diameter of the scope increases, the number of faint and distant objects you will be able to observe increases, as well.
Automatic Finding & Tracking
Another important aspect of both astrophotography and intermediate astronomy is setting up an automatic tracking system. Picture this: you’ve spent time setting up your scope, finding your favorite night sky object, and getting it perfectly into focus. You call your friend over to take a look, but by the time the get there, the object has moved out of view of your scope. Particularly important for photographic purposes, but also recommended for all intermediate astronomy, automatic tracking will keep your scope pointed at your object as it moves across the sky. For a top of the line model with GPS and smooth tracking, we recommend the SunSeeker EQ-Mounted 6" GPS Computer Controlled Solar Reflector Telescope. This scope bundle comes with a large 6” Refractor Telescope, the iOptron SmartStar-A computerized mount with GPS and completely smooth tracking, and a solar filter for observing eclipses and the sun. Add on one of our USB cameras to the package for a complete Solar Astrophotography package.
Another favorite for astrophotographers and intermediate astronomers who want a maintenance-free scope with crisp, clear images is the SunSeeker EQ-Mounted 90mm Portable GPS Computer Controlled Solar Telescope. This scope packs a powerful punch in a small package. With a 90mm aperture and a Cassegrain optical system, you get a high-powered scope and clear views without the maintenance of a reflecting telescope. It comes with an automatic iOptron SmartStar-A Mount, which will give you smooth tracking that is great for photography. Plus, the solar filter allows you to capture images of the sun.
- Computer Controlled Telescopes
- 80mm Refractor Computerized Solar Package
- 6" Reflector Computerized Solar Package
- 90mm Cassegrain Computerized Solar Package
Great Solar Viewing Astrophotography Packages
SunSeeker 90mm Portable Computer Controlled Solar TelescopeOur Price: $ 625.38
SunSeeker 4.5" Reflector Solar TelescopeOur Price: $ 288.58
SunSeeker EQ-Mounted 6" GPS Computer Controlled Solar Reflector TelescopeOur Price: $ 717.21
SunSeeker 80mm Computer Controlled Solar Refractor TelescopeOur Price: $ 519.17The state of hidden content support in 2016
I have reported previously on support in browsers and screen readers (SR) for
aria-hidden and the HTML5
hidden attribute. The last time was 2 years ago, the orginal article published 2 years prior in 2012 still gets lots of page views. As its a subject that developers are interested in, so here is an update.
Support for HTML5 hidden and aria-hidden in 2016
Summary
All major browsers and screen readers:
- support the use of the hidden attribute to hide content
- support the use of the CSS display:none to hide content
- support the use of the aria-hidden attribute to hide visible content from screen reader users
The Details
Screen reader support for hidden content – tests and results for
- Windows 10
- Firefox 43
- Internet Explorer 11
- Chrome 47
- JAWS 17
- Window Eyes 9
- NVDA 2015.4
- Narrator 10
- VoiceOver on iOS 9.2.1 (iPhone 6)
- VoiceOver on OSX El Capitan
- ChromeVox on Chrome OS 47
- Orca 3.16 on Linux
Notes:
In some browser and screen reader combinations
aria-hidden=false on an element that is hidden using the
hidden attribute or CSS
display:none results in the content being unhidden. This behaviour does not have consensus support among browser implementers and I strongly recommend, it not be used.
Why no Edge testing? The Edge browser does not yet have sufficient accessibility support for testing to be useful.
The
hidden attribute hides content due to browser’s implementation of CSS display:none on content hidden using the attribute. If the default UA CSS is overidden, then
aria-hidden=true will have to be used alongside the
hidden attribute:
See the Pen gPvoNR by steve faulkner (@stevef) on CodePen.
Tests and results on github – issues and PR’s welcome!
I was surprised to see decent support for hidden:. I do have a question. Will toggling the hidden attribute trigger role=”alert”?
It will have same support for triggering as changing the display from none to whatever. hidden currently has no special wiring to acc API’s its effect is due to it’s UA CSS styling, hence the example in the notes.
Unfortunately, in our experience, it also depends on what type of content element we’re talking about. Focusable elements, e.g. links, cannot be hidden reliably, as they can still be reached by screenreaders in focus mode. (And there are situations in which it would improve the user experience, if such elements could be hidden.)
Hi Andreas,
hiddenand
display:nonehide interactive content fom all users reliably.
I can’t think of a case where interactive content should be available to some users and not to others:
Steve,
Thank for your reply, although ‘can’t think of a case’ is an argument, which seems in principle limited in scope (no matter how far you can actually think). ;o)
We’ve worked on systems, where interactive maps with POIs are not accessible, but the same info is presented in a table, which is only hidden visually, but made accessible for screenreader users. There, it would be an advantage to help screenreader users reliably avoid the maps application. Or, quite regularly in teaser design, you would want to reduce link redundancy for screenreader users, but that is limited by aria-hidden not reliably working for focusable elements. Of course, I fully agree with you that great care must be taken what to hide for whom.
Thanks. As opposed to VO and TB, Jaws failures are inconsistent across browsers
In this case its due to browser failure, JAWS has to hack DOM in IE.
Hi,
What’s about a input field with a “+” and a “-” buttons.
Should we hide from screen reader the two buttons – but they are focusable – breaking the 4th ARIA rule?
Sample : The travelers (after the dates) in the Flights form here :
When a page or tab content loads, it is getting read by screen reader before user actually starts interaction with page. Is it acceptable scenario?
Can we use aria-hidden conditionally to hide this content from screen readers till user takes action on page?
Adding to above comment from Vincent François, should we hide the ‘*’ used in labels of mandatory fields from screen reader? Is that required?
What about special terms and conditions mentioned using * on the same block of text.
no it isn’t a requirement.
Depending upon the screen reader and user preferences set, the content of the document may be announced without user interaction, this is expected and not uncommon.
This is not a good idea as in the case of windows screen readers, when a user navigates non interactive content in virtual mode they are not interacting with the browser content, but a virtual representation of it.
Would there be any objection/problem with using a css-selector like this:
[hidden][aria-hidden=”false”] {
clip: rect(0 0 0 0);
display: inherit;
position: absolute;
}
[hidden][aria-hidden=”false”]:focus {
clip: auto;
}
Hi Steve
> I can’t think of a case where interactive content should be available to some users and not to others
What about the case of a button that only alters the visual appearance of some other element (i.e. the height of a container) but has no effect on content presented in the accessibility tree? – I think it would improve the experience of screen reader users if we’d hide such visible and focusable buttons instead of announcing an interaction devoid of meaning for them.
Hi Esther,
We can’t assume that people who use assistive tech that makes use of the accessibility tree have no need for visual display changes. Users of screen readers for example include low vision users and those with cognitive impairments.
Hi Steve, thank you for your answer!Unless you’re the Tiger Woods of online arbitrage, you’ve probably at some time or another found yourself overwhelmed with data points, perhaps sometimes paying attention to metrics that don’t matter as much as others, or just getting confused with all of the potential futures of a product under consideration. In the video above, Tiger Woods calculates a whirlwind of data points, but still narrowly misses a hole-in-one. He laughs it off saying, “Haha – I forgot the earth’s rotation.” Even in golf, this sort of approach is a myth. Let’s call it the Myth of Perfect Data.
The Myth of Perfect Data suggests that if you can just get all of the right data points gathered together, calculated properly, then you can perfectly predict the future.
Don’t get me wrong. Data is wonderful – essential. Data is our core business here at OAXRAY – we provide high quality data to help sellers make the best decisions they can. High quality data being crunched properly has fueled some major leaps forward in sports (think Theo Epstein’s data driven approach to transforming the Chicago Cubs), finance (see high frequency trading – ok, maybe not a leap forward for society, but profitable for those taking action on data), eCommerce (think of how much more invested Amazon is in data than its competitors) and nearly every field of human endeavor. The extraordinary predictive powers of Nate Silver’s 538 organization alone are enough to make one a believer in the power of data to predict the future.
Yet, Nate Silver, the high-priest of data crunching and predictive analysis, has himself criticized the idea of “perfect data” and in his book The Signal and the Noise, advocates for a kind of “practical statistician” who has some intuition of what metrics may be most important, what the problems may be with various types of data collection, and what level of uncertainty is inherent in predictive analysis. In other words, some data is better than others and we should pay attention to the right data and ignore or put in perspective the rest of the statistical data.
In our case, we’re talking about statistical analysis of products and trying to use that statistical analysis to predict the future performance of products. If we reject the “Myth of Perfect Data” as I suggest that we should, what then should our approach be to helping us cut through the “noise” (irrelevant or under-relevant data) to get to the “signal” (useful data)?
I would suggest that even professional golfers don’t actually take the “earth’s rotation” into account when they are talking to their caddies about their next shot. I’m not an astrophysicist, but I doubt the earth’s rotation even varies that much, if at all. There is likewise, lots of data one can take into account when considering an Amazon purchase and some of it is less relevant than others. We’ve designed OAXRAY to help you cut through the data.
The short answer to the question, “What do I do when the data overwhelms me?” is: Cut out the “noise.”
OAXRAY’s tools help you overcome “analysis paralysis.”
What Amazon related data is “noise” and what is “signal” is probably the subject for another full post, but for our purposes, let’s just say that: it depends. It depends on whether you’re going for quick flips, long-term holds, buying for Q4 or another seasonal period and any number of circumstances unique to your selling situation. But for now, let me take you through the many tools OAXRAY has to help you cut back on the “noise” leaving only the “signal.” And remember, sometimes the “signal” tells you what to buy, other times it tells you not to buy – that’s useful too.
- Hide Columns – OAXRAY gives you lots of different data points – some from the source store, some from Amazon, some from stores you did not scan, and some from Keepa. Each of these is contained in a column. If you find one of them to consistently be a distraction (read: “noise”), then hide it. Just hover over the column header, a hide button will appear – press it and voila, the column is gone. You’re that much closer to getting to the “signal.” You can reset the columns with the “Reset Columns” button. Check out Ted’s video on it here.
- Sort Columns – Any of the columns that contain numeric data can be sorted by clicking on the column header. Want to sort the other way, just click the column again. Perhaps you’re in a situation where the weight of the product is more important to you, sort the column by weight – that is “signal” data to you, whereas to another seller, it is “noise.”
- Filter Columns – At the top of your main tab, there are three filter boxes – Rank, ROI, and NP (Net Profit) – enter a rank that you want all products to be under, an ROI % (as whole number – so 30% ROI would be 30, not .30), and a dollar amount that you want to stay above on your net profit. Be sure to check the boxes you want to apply, then click “My Buys.” This can cut out noise quickly. Sometimes revealing that there is no signal.
- Quick Buttons – Three different buttons you may find useful here for sorting through the noise quickly – “Positive ROI,” “No Match Found,” and “Currently Unavailable on Amazon.” Filter out too much data? Just use the “Show All Listings” button.
- CSV Export – Want to do some statistical analysis not available on your main tab? Just export the data to a CSV file and open up in your own spreadsheet. Perhaps you want to assign your own “weight” to different data points and come up with your own personal algorithm for rating products. Rather than a flat net profit cut off at say $5.00, you may want to require items under this threshold to have a much better 90-day sales rank average. It’s all possible with the CSV export.
- List Making & CSV Loader – Perhaps you have a VA sourcing for you or you’re limited on income and want to buy the very best product possible – keep a list of possible products as you source and when you’re ready to make a decision, run the list through the CSV Loader and make a buying decision. You can also use the buylist for this very thing. Also: Watch Ted’s CSV Loader video.
- Buylist – Save items you want to buy later, re-evaluate later and more. And yes, another video.
When the data overwhelms you, use these tools to cut back the “noise” and see what’s left – there’s a good chance there is some “signal” there and the remaining data will be very easy to act upon. Happy sourcing!This Democratic Congressman Just Called Marijuana A ‘Gateway Drug’
This prejudice could potentially bleed into policies he votes on, but let’s not jump the gun.
As long as there is a debate about cannabis, which is admittedly still a controversial subject — especially in states where legislation hasn’t been made regarding marijuana — there will be three continually asked questions: What about stoned driving? How do we protect our children? And, isn’t pot a gateway drug?
The latter question, however, has all but been squashed in public debate, especially with studies and numbers showing that cannabis is actually an exit solution for the opiate based pharmaceuticals and street drugs that are ravishing our country. Many veterans and those in chronic pain have weaned themselves off of not just opiates, but muscle relaxers, benzos and other strong, addictive prescriptions.
Related Story: An In-Depth Comparison Between Cannabis And Opioids
One Democratic Congressman didn’t get the memo, though. During a caller Q and A on CSPAN, Rep. Elijah Cummings made the painful aside, “We know that marijuana is known to be a gateway drug.” Even though the comment came out during his focus on racial disparities in cannabis arrest rates, it still stood out as a tell.
Over previous years, Cummings had voted several times against protecting states rights when it came to marijuana, but he changed his tune in 2014, including the cast of a full turnaround vote that the federal government should not be able to meddle in state law.
While the remark could have been a gaff on Cummings’ part, it could also show that he, and many others who are new to the positive side of the THC table, still holds some lingering prejudice against the plant. Those prejudices could potentially bleed into policies he votes on in the future, but let’s not jump the gun.
Because of his recent track record, it’s likely a safe bet to give Cummings the benefit of the doubt. Sometimes a safety phrase comes out when we aren’t even thinking it. Perhaps Cummings was imagining a much earlier career debate for a moment or maybe he does still believe that cannabis leads to harder, more addictive drugs, but his recent voting record yet stands out.
As long as Cummings continues to vote in favor of cannabis based policies, we can follow the old adage, “Actions speak louder than words.” Still, the fact that one simple aside that goes against what we’ve learned and have known about cannabis caused such a stir is ultimately positive. People are paying attention and many are changing hardset minds as more and more proofs spill out of the pudding.Address: No.43, Sitong Xi Road, Shangxi Town, Yiwu City, Zhejiang Province, China
Glitter printing foil paper Halloween skull pumpkin lantern Jack-o-lantern bat and spider decoration hanging banner Huahong company specialize in festival and party decorations, supply new design foil paper Halloween hanging banners for indoor or outdoor decoration, like glitter paper skull...
Glitter printing foil paper Halloween skull pumpkin lantern Jack-o-lantern bat and spider decoration hanging banner
Huahong company specialize in festival and party decorations, supply new design foil paper Halloween hanging banners for indoor or outdoor decoration, like glitter paper skull banner, pumpkin lantern banner, bat and spider banner etc.
Glitter printing foil paper Halloween skull pumpkin lantern Jack-o-lantern bat and spider decoration hanging banner
1.Product introduction of the Halloween banner
3.Products details of the Halloween banner
4.Product qualification of the Halloween banner
6．Deliver, shipping and serving of the Halloween...
Wood and KT Foam Board Christmas Tree and Peace Lett...
KT Foam Santa Claus Snowman Christmas Bauble and Tre...
DIY Non-woven Christmas Gift Bag Hat Handicraft Gadgets
Giant Outdoor Cute Polyester Santa Claus Snowman Pen...Research Team Led by BIDMC's Robert Gerszten, MD, Receives $11 Million NIH Grant to Study Molecular Changes Linked to Exercise and Physical Activity
Lindsey Diaz-MacInnis 617-667-7372, ldiaz2@bidmc.harvard.edu
DECEMBER 16, 2016
Leader in metabolic research to study how physical activity improves and preserves health
BOSTON – A research team led by Robert Gerszten, MD, Chief of Cardiovascular Medicine at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC) and a Senior Associate Member of the Broad Institute, has received an award of more than $11 million as part of the Molecular Transducers of Physical Activity in Humans (MoTrPAC) consortium, a large-scale initiative of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to investigate and map the molecular changes that occur in our bodies during and after exercise. This national research consortium seeks to advance our understanding of how physical activity improves and preserves health.D.
To contact Dr. Gerszten's office please call (617) 632-7647..Education Customer Service Full Time jobs in Brighton
Broaden your search
Refine your search
Function
- Customer Service Remove selection
Location
- Brighton Remove selection
Contract Type
- Contract 1
- Fixed term 2
- Permanent 1
Hours
- Full Time.
Examination Invigilator
Examination Invigilators Varndean College is now recruiting to its existing team of Exam Invigilators, who will oversee and supervise students duri...Wanted On Voyage - CD
Wanted On Voyage - CD
£5.00 GBP
was
Tracklist:
- Blame It On Me
- Budapest
- Cassy O'
- Barcelona
- Listen to the Man
- Leaving It Up to You
- Did You Hear the Rain?
- Drawing Board
- Stand By Your Gun
- Breakaway
- Over the Creek
- Spectacular RivalSearch results
From Textus Receptus
You searched for Acts_28:15_Greek_NT:_Scrivener's_Textus_Receptus_(1894) (all pages starting with "Acts_28:15_Greek_NT:_Scrivener's_Textus_Receptus_(1894)" | all pages that link to "Acts_28:15_Greek_NT:_Scrivener's_Textus_Receptus_(1894)")
No page title matches
There is no page titled "Acts_28:15_Greek_NT:_Scrivener's_Textus_Receptus_(1894)".
For more information about searching Textus Receptus, see Help.
No page text matches
Note: Only some namespaces are searched by default. Try prefixing your query with all: to search all content (including talk pages, templates, etc), or use the desired namespace as prefix.imagem via Flickerimagem via Flicker
Muitas horas preguiçosas na praia...
ou ainda, quando a primavera realmente chegar,
relaxar numa day bed à sombra da varanda da Dreamhouse
E ficar curtindo meu primeiro Gold Card, premiada que fui por Lime in the Coconut, thanks so much Linda, as I said at your blog, it's my first tag, and the first tag we never forget! And following the instructions...
1. You may choose five people/blogs to give the award to.
2. Four have to be dedicated followers of your blog.
And the award goes to....
Filósofo de Pijama
Fiffi Flowers Design Decor
Love Your Homes
A mad tea party with Alis
3. One has to be a new follower of your blog or live in another part of the world.
Vintage and Chic
I believe that Leticia doesn't know my existence, but I really love her blog and this is the perfect ocasion for me to introduce myself!
And now, I must tell evrybody what Linda has asked me to
list 6 quirky yet boring things about me.
Here it goes:
8 comentários:
Hey, thank you so much! I feel like I won the golden ticket :)
Your 5th and 6th facts are the same with me :)
love,
alis
Thank you! FUN to read about YOU!
BTW... I find it interesting the way you spell Fifi... with an extra "F" ... it makes me want to say Fifi with a BIG French accent... LOL!
ENJOY your weekend!
Dear Fiffi!
Please help me: what is BTW?
Well, the extra F, I think it´s really a kind of accent, isn´t it?
Xoxo
Dear Ana, muito obrigada para ser tao amável.
Bye The Way, I really agree with you regarding animals. There is no home without a pet.
Parabéns, Ingela
cute post - love the chaises!
thank you so much for your comment today and I love your music!!!! I am going to keep it on and listen.
Ana, thank you for my blog-gold-card. A kiss.
Hi Ana, thank you so much for your lovely words!! And yes, I already knew your blog, and would like to congratulate you for it! Keep up the good work.
B T W means by the wayGet Teilnehmerliste Sporthelfer-innen-Ausbildung - Lsb-nrw
Teilnehmerliste Sporthelfer/innenAusbildung Schule: Schulnummer: (sechsstellig) Strae: PLZ/Ort: Ansprechpartner Schule: Meldebogen vom: TShirt Gre (FrauenTShirts sind tailliert und entsprechend kurz.
How It Works
Open form follow the instructions
Easily sign the form with your finger
Send filled & signed form or save
How to fill out and sign geschnitten online?
Get your online template and fill it in using progressive features. Enjoy smart fillable fields and interactivity. Follow the simple instructions below:
Have you been looking for a quick and efficient tool to fill in Teilnehmerliste Sporthelfer-innen-Ausbildung - Lsb-nrw at a reasonable price? Our service will provide you with a wide variety of forms that are offered for filling out online. It takes only a few minutes.
Keep to these simple steps to get Teilnehmerliste Sporthelfer-innen-Ausbildung - Lsb-nrw prepared for submitting:
- Select the form you need in our library of legal templates.
- Open the template in our online editing tool.
- Read through the instructions to discover which data you need to give.
- Choose the fillable fields and put the requested info.
- Add the date and place your e-autograph once you complete all other boxes.
- Examine the form for misprints along with other mistakes. If you need to correct some information, our online editor along with its wide variety of instruments are at your disposal.
- Download the resulting template to your device by clicking Done.
- Send the electronic document to the parties involved.
Filling in Teilnehmerliste Sporthelfer-innen-Ausbildung - Lsb-nrw doesn?t really have to be confusing any longer. From now on easily cope with it from your home or at your workplace.Air wafers with an interlayer of tender milk cream, covered with a thin layer of chocolate glaze - all this is the "Korovka" dairy sweets from the factory "Rot Front". Crispy, moderately sweet with a rich creamy-milk taste and a slightly tart shade of chocolate aftertaste. Perfectly combined with tea and strong coffee.Sand, Soil, Stone & Mulch
Melbourne’s Leading Sand, Soil, Stone and Mulch Suppliers
Whether you require supplies for landscaping or decorative purposes, SoilWorx is your go-to destination. We offer an excellent selection of the most widely used sand, soil, stone and mulch with delivery available throughout Melbourne and surrounding areas.
Shop With SoilWorx
Soilworx online is designed to offer you an incomparable shopping experience for all things outdoor landscaping and garden supplies. Your customer experience always comes first. Our knowledgeable and friendly team are available online or over the phone to answer any questions you may have and can help guide you with your quantities and product selections. We guarantee next day, fully tracked delivery straight to your front door with every purchase. Delivery is contact-free, secure and authorised digitally. Our extensive product range is well priced and consistently stocked. If you can’t find what you’re after, just ask! We can source it and deliver it fast.
Why Choose Soilworx?
The hunt for quality products in Melbourne is over! Although we specialise in soil, we are also experts when it comes to sand, stone and mulch. With more than 30 years’ experience in the industry, we have established ourselves as the market leaders when it comes to providing quality outdoor supplies throughout Victoria. Servicing the civil, commercial and retail sectors, we have established a solid reputation for exceptional customer service, innovative solutions and competitive prices.
Delivery Available Throughout Melbourne and Beyond
Look no further than SoilWorx when you’re trying to find reliable outdoor product suppliers in the Melbourne area.
We pride our selves on our Core Values, diverse products, delivery and customer experience.
For over 35 years, we have been in business SoilWorx has been innovating keeping in mind the core of our operation within the
Retail, Trade, Civil Construciton and Utility Industries
From design concept, product selection to delivery, with SoilWorx you can make your ideal outdoor space a reality. As well as being a leader in landscape and garden supplies, we are also expert sand and gravel suppliers. We can provide you with landscaping supplies to help you design an idyllic spot, and garden supplies such as gravel, sand and soil to help turn your area in Melbourne into a natural haven.
SoilWorx is built to offer you an incomparable shopping experience both in-store and online. With live delivery tracking, detailed consultations and no-obligation quotes, our customer service team will make sure you’re on track to build your outdoor space on time and within budget.- What is a fever? Beginning of thermometryH. Cody Meissner03/4/2019
- Advocacy group’s role expands; goals for 2019 include value-based paymentsSusan J. Kressly03/4/2019
- CDC flu report: 15 more children have diedMelissa Jenco03/1/2019
- New board member: Active leader, infectious diseases expert relishes AAP involvementWynn St. Clair03/1/2019
- FYI: Disasters collection, fluoridation poster, and moreTrisha Korioth03/1/2019
- Choose your CME destination for Memorial Day weekendTrisha Korioth03/1/2019
- ACIP discusses flu vaccine data, JEV recommendationsMelissa Jenco02/28/2019
- Report lays out plan to cut child poverty in half in 10 yearsMelissa Jenco02/28/2019
- New law protects pediatricians who assist in child abuse investigationsDevin Miller02/27/2019
- Fellows in the News: Pediatrician is California’s first surgeon general, and moreTrisha Korioth02/27/2019Harrysong – Baba For The Girls ft. KCee
Mr Songz is a year older today! Join in wishing the Five Star singer a #HappyBirthdayHarrysong on social media.
The prolific songwriter and hit songwriter is celebrating with the KCEE-assisted ‘Baba For The Girls.’ There’s no doubt that Harrysong has mastered how to make a song as groovy and catchy as evident in this Dr Amir – produced anthem-bound single.
‘All she want is whisky and brandy,’ Mr Songz says. Check on the ‘Baba For The Girls’ to find out why?
Listen and add your comment below
Download Harrysong – Baba For The Girls ft. KCee Bargain-market.com. Many domains these days use a WHOIS privacy service to hide the actual email addresses and owner of a domain.
Domain Name: BARGAIN-MARKET.COM
Registry Domain ID: 1908453390_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.udag.net
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2017-03-10T08:30:11Z
Creation Date: 2015-03-09T17:25:06Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2018-03-09T17:25:06-01T13:50:17Z
Bargain-market.com is hosted by domainfactory GmbH in Bayern, Ismaning, Germany, 85737.
Bargain-market.com has an IP Address of 134.119.32.109 and a hostname of j164281.servers.jiffybox.net and runs Apache/2.2.22 (Debian) web server.
Need to find out who hosts Bargain-market.com?Lets see, how would I describe myself… hm
Alright, I'm a bit tall for an Elven youth. Cornsilk long hair to the middle of my back. I have bright blue eyes and tanned skin with a slight smile to my lips.
Between learning stuff from my mom and friends of my fathers I've learned many things. My dad had a variety of friends. Some were smart and educated, one taught me to hunt and do basic trap making and how to use them. One taught me to use a bow and a small sword. My mom on the other had taught me a bit about herbs and teas, cooking and how to knit. So I could be considered a bit of a jack of all trades. But the bow and hunting stuff was my favorite.
I tend to be a follower more than a leader but when the odd issue has popped up I've been put into a leadership role.
Even though I hunt I love animals and animals love me. I have a habit of sneaking off and spending time alone in the forest to commune with nature, petting bunnies and feeding squirrels. It's also a good place to think. Plus there was a pond not far from where I lived and was great for fishing and swimming.
I generally look at the positive side of life and don't take life for granted.
Even though I'm elven I learned no magic but have the ability to run slightly faster than most and see better in the dark better than most.
I don't know if I'll make a good ruler but if I can have a hand at making peace and helping others achieve the goal of making alliances and helping others than I know I will have made a difference.
Advisor Description
Father Bower met me by shooing away some bullies in town that had me cornered in a short ally. He gave them such an earful and sent them running off. I was glad he came along in his Priestly robes at the time he did. He then walked me to the church and bandaged a scrape I had gotten on my left cheek. Then he shared his humble lunch of bread and an apple. He was kind to me and helped me relax. We talked about all kinds of things, not just religion. So I started to visit him a few times a week just to chat and have lunch together. This became ongoing and he and I became friends over this. He always had a good story to tell or excellent advice. From what I could tell he was well liked in the town and had a good reputation. People looked up to this man. The had to look up cause he was fairly tall with a white beard and head of hair. I was glad to he was looking out for me, it made me feel better to know he was on my side. It also kept some of the bullies away. We talked about our backgrounds in the beginning and he told me I was made for greatness. Whatever that means. He didn't explain and I didn't push the issue. He has told me that if I ever need his help of advice feel free to see him anytime of day.
Well funny you should ask why. Well to be honest, I found out I have another relative a few towns over and I would like to go and see who he is. I may not be back to this town for a long while depending on how it goes and what he's like. I think he is my uncle from my dad's side of the family. Maybe I'll learn more about my father. So until I get this mystery solved I will be gone for an indefinite amount of time. Take care of yourself. Bye for now.Provider profile
foacas GmbH
Short description
Your partner for all kind of casting parts (investment casting, die casting, sand casting, permanent mould casting). We support our customers from prototype to small series and up to mass production.
from Hergiswil, Switzerland
Offers, Brands, Standards
- P Metals – raw materials and semi-finished products
- P Materials
- P Further technical products
- P Standard parts and technical products
- S Casting
- S Contract manufacturing
- S Rapid prototyping
- S Hardening
- S Heat and surface treatment
- S Surface finishing
- S Coating
- S Grinding, polishing, vibratory finishing (trowalising), blasting
- S ISO 9001:2015
- S ISO 14001:2015
foacas - forming and casting solutions - Your partner for all kind of casting parts (investment casting, die casting, sand casting, permanent mould casting).
We start at prototypes and support our customers for desired lot sizes, from small series up to huge numbers in mass production. Our strength is in investment casting, where we can provide a wide number of materials, especially in stainless steel (also high grade) for applications of liquids and gaz. Besides castings we also provide machined parts, magnets and MIM-parts.
Because of our experience we can base on good and reasonable-priced sources that fits with customer's needs with high quality standard at interesting conditions.
We are looking forward to meet you or to directly receive a RFQ from you.
General information
Company size
1-10
Founded
2008
Headquarters
Hauptsitz
Sonnenbergstrasse 23
6052 Hergiswil
Direct Contacts
Philippe Erni
CEOGet in touchMark & Stuart’s tales from Thailand
By Stuart Thompson, Golf Holiday Specialist at Chaka Travel
Day 1 – Dubai to Phuket
After such a dreadful cold and wet start to the summer I was delighted to fly out to Phuket with Mark to try out some courses that I have had my eye on for a number of years. The handicaps and format of this latest “Chaka Challenge” was agreed over a few beers en route to Dubai.
Day 2 – Phuket
After a couple of hours in Dubai we flew on the new direct route to Phuket. It was great to get off the plane and feel the heat which was a far cry from cold, wet & windy Belfast, and within 35 minutes of stepping off the plane we where standing in the Outrigger Laguna Phuket hotel lobby.
My initial thoughts about the hotel were that it had a resort feel similar to some of the superb resorts I’d been to in Mauritius. After dinner and a few beers we headed to bed as we had an early start and 27 holes planned for the next day.
Outrigger Laguna Phuket Beach Resort
Day 3 – Mission Hills Golf Club and Loch Palm Golf Course
After an early start and breakfast we had a 25 minute transfer to Mission Hills Golf Club where we were to play 9 holes. On first impressions the course looked great with a few challenging holes. I think this is a perfect course to start your holiday as it is challenging but nothing compared to what was to follow.
The course has some really picturesque holes along the beach with stunning views over to the limestone islands made famous in the James Bond movie “The Man with the Golden Gun”. At the end off the first 9 holes Mark held the lead 1-0.
Outrigger Phuket beach
Favourite Mission Hills Golf Club hole : 18th
A long par 4 with water on the right and trees on the left of a narrow fairway. There is no room for error on the drive and the semi-island green requires a tricky long iron approach shot.
Mark putting out with the stunning islands in the background at Mission Hills
After a refreshing drink we headed off to Loch Palm Golf Course, as we drove in we could see this was going to be a completely different challenge with a mixture of trees, lots of water (hence the name Loch!) and narrow fairways. I have to say it has the strangest driving range I have ever seen as you hit the balls into the water with floating yardage markers!
As for the course itself from the 1st to 18th hole this is a really good test of golf. Water is prominent on the front 9 and a driver isn”t required all that often until the back nine. After 27 holes on the first day it was all square 1½ pts each in the Chaka Challenge.
Teeing off at the 1st Loch Palm – intimidating start
Favourite Loch Palm hole: 11th
This Par 5 is not the most exciting hole in the world but when you stand on the tee you think boy this is will take 3 good shots to get too the green.
It was about 30 minutes drive back to the hotel where we ditched the clubs and headed to the sea for a well deserved swim and a few refreshing cold beers to cool off. The golf had been fantastic and we were looking forward to another 27 holes the following day!
Outrigger Beach Resort room
Day 4 – Blue Canyon Golf Club and Red Mountain
We were lucky to get a little lie in this morning until 0730 before having breakfast and heading off in torrential rain to Blue Canyon Golf Club and one of the courses I have heard so much about as it hosted the Johnnie Walker Classic in 2007. When you drive in to the clubhouse you realise this is going to be a brilliant course with no room for error but a must play when you’re in Phuket.
After getting signed in and caddies sorted we walk past an interesting plaque showing that Tiger Woods holds the Amateur course record, now that says a lot! We played the back 9 of the Canyon course and all I can say is “WOW”. Tee to green was a challenging experience and with the undulating greens this is a great course. In the Chaka challenge I was now leading Mark 2 ½ / 1 ½.
Tiger Woods holds the amateur course record
Favourite Blue Canyon hole: 13th
A superb risk and reward par 4 where Tiger drove the green! Your tee shot is either play safe and go around the canyon or have a 260 yard carry over the Canyon (I did manage this on my second attempt, I’m sure my first ball wasn’t the only one in the canyon!)
Driving over the canyon – Tiger drove the green in 1!
It was off to Red Mountain in the afternoon, to play one off the best courses in Thailand and I have to say that walking through the clubhouse and onto the balcony with the view off the 18th to my right and the 9th in front I could see why! It is a course that has been created in an old tin mine and what a job they have done as it is pretty spectacular! The 17th is a superb par three with a very elevated tee box and requires only a wedge and has an amazing hang time.
Mark enjoying all of the course at Red mountain
Favourite Red Mountain hole: 18th
A wonderful par 5 with water crossing the fairway making a 3 wood the better choice off the tee, the second shot is a long iron onto a green protected front and right by water.
Outrigger Phuket, Red Mountain course
I have to say it was an enjoyable experience and glad that we had played it! After day 2 and another 27 holes my lead was extended to 4 pts to Marks 2 pts which meant I wasn’t going home from this trip with a defeat. Mark had to win the 18 holes on the last day to force a draw!
Day 5 – Phi Phi Island
It was nice to get a day of rest after 54-holes in the last 2 days! We had a tour of the newly refurbished Outrigger Laguna Beach in the morning which is a fantastic resort with good size rooms and set on a lovely beach. After this we transferred to the Marina to get the speedboat to Phi Phi Island. The trip lasted around 1hr 20 mins and was lovely to get a view off the surrounding islands off Phuket before we arrived at the idyllic Outrigger Phi Phi.
I have to say it is everything I expected and just like the photos, crystal blue lagoon with a white sandy beach and little thatched cottages as rooms. This is a perfect location to break your golf trip and kick back and relax.
We spent a relaxing afternoon at the pool bar enjoying a few cold beers and some banter regarding the forthcoming Ashes cricket series with a few Aussies! We took a tour of the resort before an excellent dinner.
I’m sure Mark was planning his round for the next day as he didn’t want to go home defeated!
Phi Phi Island Beach Bungalow
Day 6 – Laguna Golf Club
After breakfast we took the speedboat back to Phuket and then a short transfer to the Outrigger Villas which again are very impressive. We had a 3 bed villa with private pool and this offers families or groups the chance to have a self catering option but be within the Laguna Resort area.
After a bite of lunch at the clubhouse we headed to the first tee of the Laguna Golf Club for the last 18 holes of the trip. Again I really liked this course which had a resort course feel, for anyone who has played the Belle Mare Plage course it is a similar feeling. The course is well set up and is very accommodating for golfers of all handicaps. Mark played really well on the front 9 and nearly forced a draw but I think the heat got to him in the end and I was victorious taking the trophy home on the flight, winning 5 – 3.
Phi Phi Island Hillside Villa
Favourite hole – Laguna resort hole: 17th
When you stand on the tee of this challenging par 5 you have water on both sides of the fairway so the drive needs to accurate. With your 2nd and 3rd shots the water is again in play. This excellent par 5 could be a card wrecker so late in the round.
We had a drink and reflected on the fantastic 72 holes we had played in Phuket before heading back to the airport for our flights home. I have to say having been to other parts in Thailand before and played golf this has to be my favourite and cannot wait to return again sometime soon!6 / 9
dnew_sun_311_spellingbee7
Competitors Levi Thompson of St. Mary School - DeKalb, from left, Bryanna Sonntag of Genoa-Kingston Middle School, Jill Shotsberger of Indian Creek Middle School, Susana Martin of Sycamore Middle School, and Lillian Schatteman of St. Mary School-DeKalb look on as judges consult on a written protest during the DeKalb County Spelling Bee in the Kishwaukee College Theater Auditorium Saturday March 10, 2018. Mary Beth Nolan for Shaw MediaFacebook not sharing key disinformation data with EU: Report
Facebook rolls out ‘unsend’ feature on Messenger
We face legitimate scrutiny but we have changed: Facebook
With 2.32 bn users, Facebook earns record profits
Facebook to monitor India elections from ‘Singapore hub’
Facebook to proactively shut down fake Pages, Groups
Facebook faces ‘record-setting’ fine over privacy violations: Report
Facebook commits $300 mn to support local news
“The Great Lakes are what make Michigan unique. They drive my hospitality business and also provide me with an outlet to surf. I have a respect for the lakes and within that respect lies the responsibility to protect them. To contaminate them with oil would be disastrous to my livelihood.” —Saeth Gronberg, owner, Green Mountain ContractThe long goodbye to Microsoft Windows XP Embedded
There are those that get work done early, those that get it done on time, and those that procrastinate until every task is an emergency. Those still using Microsoft Windows XP Embedded in their industrial environments will fall into the latter category because Microsoft’s extended support for Windows XP Embedded ends on January 12, 2016. The 15-year-old operating system will no longer be supported or updated, no matter how much users clamor or beg.
Companies still using Microsoft Windows XP Embedded systems in their facilities will be running into several additional risks. For example, it will be difficult to find compatible hardware and software, and it will be difficult, if not impossible, to get updates to the applications currently running, which will make the systems more vulnerable. If there are Microsoft Windows XP systems running and they can’t be replaced, then take measures to reduce potential risks. What is worse is to not even know if you have any XP systems running.
It is vital to complete a software and IT hardware inventory of the entire facility, which includes far more than just the production systems. It is important to also consider your laboratory systems, maintenance systems, warehouse systems, tank farm systems, HVAC systems, physical security systems, document management systems, planning systems, and development systems. Without a complete inventory, "hidden" systems under employee’s desks, which are performing critical functions, might go unnoticed. For example, is the scheduling department still using a XP-based tool, or worse: a DOS-based tool; is the laboratory using XP-based test equipment; are the automated material movement systems running XP-based configuration and maintenance software; or is the security department using an XP-based badge scanning system?
At the very minimum, a complete system inventory will make it clear if there’s a potential support problem. In this situation, as said in children’s cartoons, "Now you know, and knowing is half the battle." With a complete inventory, the next steps in the process are much simpler.
First, categorize the systems’ support availability using the following criteria:
- Active—The system is using the most current automation product offering by the vendor.
- Mature—The system is using a fully supported and available product, but a more current product is available.
- End of Life—The system is using a product that has a future end of support date from the vendor.
- Discontinued—The system is using a product that is no longer available for support by the vendor, and replacements and support are only available from third-party suppliers.
- Obsolete—The system is using a product where support and replacements are no longer available.
Next, categorize the systems based on their risk to production:
- High—The system has a direct impact on product quality and is critical to site operations.
- Medium—The system has an indirect impact on product quality and is critical to site operations.
- Low—The system has an indirect impact on product quality and is not critical to site operations.
- None—The system has no direct or indirect impact on product quality and no direct impact on site operations.
Combining these into a criticality matrix can help determine the priority for system replacement as shown below.
The worst situation is to have high risk and obsolete systems where there are no readily available replacements.
In these situations, the first step is to virtualize the hardware, which at least removes the risk of a hardware failure and provides backups in case of software failures. Second, the systems should be isolated from other networks through demilitarized zones (DMZs), firewalls, or physical separation. It is likely the Microsoft Windows XP system will be running vulnerable browsers, databases, applications, and drivers, which makes isolation even more vital. However, virtualization and isolation are only temporary fixes to give the manager time to implement long-term solutions.
Determining whether the XP-based system has been compromised is difficult. One way to test is to use the virtual machine environment to create a "canary" copy to test the security. Finally, you can apply the same method used to handle the loss of Windows NT support following the "I AM FEARLESS" approach: Isolate, Apply Major patches, Fix, Enhance, Abandon, or Retire Legacy Shop floor Systems.
With extended support now over for Microsoft Windows XP Embedded and no major patches available, the term to remember is now "I FEAR"—Isolate, Fix, Enhance, Abandon, or Retire. This is an appropriate feeling for those still running mission critical systems on Microsoft Windows XP.
– Dennis Brandl is president of BR&L Consulting in Cary, N.C. His firm focuses on manufacturing IT. Edited by Chris Vavra, production editor, CFE Media, Control Engineering, cvavra@cfemedia.com.
ONLINE extra
– See related articles by Brandl below, which discuss using a canary to test security as well as the loss of Microsoft Windows NT support.
Want this article on your website? Click here to sign up for a free account in ContentStream® and make that happen.The to understand the saying of others, the uttered words,the unuttered words ,the confusion, the hidden desires, the dark aspect,the mysterious elements. It all has to be grasped and that too with deep patience.
Further to rightly understand and communicate, it’s necessary that the mental blocks should be removed.The prejudices, the thinking or the feeling that one knows everything in advance is not a healthy approach for the effective communication.
For a communication to be complete, it needs the participation of both the sides. Therefore the counter reaction depends on many aspects. First of all, the one who is dominating the communication has more chance to express himself freely and the other person has to be more cautious in counter communication, as first one need to get the grasp of the exact theme and the underlying situation -whether something is serious or merely the communication is exploratory or causal-because the undue haste and babble in communication can spoil the undercurrent which may lead to most significant thing not heard by others.
Sometime before starting the actual communication, the base of the communication is set by the body language, a good beginning is the precursor of good communication. Further sometimes it is important to note that only understanding the theme and situation may alone not make much real sense and the communication may be turning into most unsuccessful.So ONE NEEDS TO UNDERSTAND THE THEME OR SITUATION FIRST FROM OTHER POINT OF VIEW because it is the very basic fact that the understanding of same theme or situation varies too widely and its the wisdom of leaders of that time or their decisiveness, their command over authority which shapes the destiny.
First the theme or the situation needs to be understood from the superior’s point of view. It may make others understand the logic behind superiors uttering and AFTER understanding the gap or the DEPTH OF GAP the communication may gradually be turned to the other view/point /aspect gradually without hurting others.
The haste in reaching to the conclusion during communication causes troubles. The communication are often elusive and turns wrong usually, therefore one need to be guarded while drawing conclusion. The matters are to be decided and the decisions are to be taken, the decisions are a calculation, a calculated risk to gain or to tide over a situation or to avoid the inertia but the conclusion are the final words beyond which nothing need to be explored.
The understanding of silent language needs lot of patience,which now a days is not easily available, the capacity to observe long, to sit long, to work long, to not react for long, to observe others for long needs some basic guts and tolerances.
The claiming of understanding is often turn into another direction and sometime despite best of efforts one may not succeed, therefore a cautious and steady approach is required. The small nuances are to be observed and caught, but giving the feeling initially at least to others, that one has not grasped anything. Then a platform of trust is to be created. Only then a two way positive communication may become feasible. Lastly, the trust need to be strengthened and maintained.
What to say depends upon the situation. It’s not prudent to start exhibiting ones wisdom in all situation to gain upper hand without understanding the undercurrent, which may spoil the chances rather than scoring the point.
If you liked it, please drop a comment. Thank you.
Communication According To The Theme Or Situation
From the seller:
1989 mitsubishi mighty max
fuel: gas
title status: clean
transmission: manual
1989 Mitsubishi Mighty Max Rag Top. Manual, Runs Great, Used to be a convertible But now a rag top. Has 69,000 original miles..
"Used to be a convertible But now a rag top" ...uuhhh.... can someone explain? my roget's automotive thesaurus is not helping with this.
Probably just snaps into place.
Not a lot of redeeming qualities on this one. Maybe the milage is a positive?
The number of pictures is overwhelming.Ex-Bullet for My Valentine Drummer’s New Band Releases Song, Sounds Like Old Bullet
Former Bullet for My Valentine drummer Michael "Moose" Thomas may no longer be with the band, but he's not straying too far from has past musical path on at least one song with his new band, Kill the Lights. The group, which also features members of Throw the Fight, Still Remains, Threat Signal and Glamour of the Kill, just released a new song called "Watch You Fall" that is reminiscent of Bullet's early works.
After a trip down the freboard to open the song, "Watch You Fall" features riff-heavy guitars, a blend of rough and melodic vocals that turn in some call and response moments and mostly a heavy and high energy effort. Take a listen below.
Thomas initially took leave from Bullet for My Valentine before the change to Jason Bowld was made permanent. His new band Kill the Lights recently issued another thrashy new song called "The Faceless" that can be heard here.
"When I parted company with the old band, musically I was just sitting around doing fuck all and realized I had worked too hard and come too far to turn around," said Moose. "I thought I’d get in touch with Jordan [Whelan] and sent him a text asking, ‘Got any riffs or what?!’ Before I knew it, he had sent me 30 or 40 songs. I was like, ‘Erm, okay!’ I couldn’t believe it."
"I’m a hobby songwriter,” adds Whelan, ."
There has been no official word on a studio album as of yet, though the band is expected to serve up their debut release at some point within the calendar year.
2019's Most Anticipated Hard Rock + Metal AlbumsGuests coming from Berlin and Potsdam are typically looking for a few days of peace and quiet. Or quality time with family. And visitors from farther away also come to relax by the shores of Zemminsee. We enjoy a close proximity to Germany's capital city and the city of the Prussian ruler Frederick the Great. Both are easily accessible by car or rail. The gorgeous Spreewald landscape offers a number of destinations closer to Rankenhof as well.Finding the right health and wellness products for one’s needs can be extremely difficult, especially for those who are looking for natural and safe options. Those who do find the right health brands will notice that hemp-based products are becoming an increasingly popular option. Such products, when chosen correctly, can change one’s quality of life and health.
That being said, this review would like to introduce a new brand called Phivida. The hemp-based formulas provide continuous support for optimal wellness and health. Further, the brand’s approach to product generation is one that individuals can count on.
What is Phivida?
Phivida is a new health and wellness brand whose products are hemp-based options. The brand’s formulas are made with “phi” and “vida.” As the brand explains, the former stands for the “gold ratio,” which is a sacred mathematical formula from which all creation grows. On the other hand, the latter stands for “living life to the fullness.”
As users can tell, Phivida is utilizes a creative and unique solution to its product generation process, which potentially means wholesome and effective formulas that users can count on to provide them with the right outcomes.
Four Key Phivida Options
While Phivida may offer a range of formulas, its most popular product options are on the main page. Each formula is infused potent and powerful hemp oil. Here is a bit about each product so that users know what they can look forward to when choosing Phivida:
Phivida Hemp Oil Infused Vitamin Juices
Those who love juice and who are looking to enjoy from a boost of hemp oil as well may want to consider the brand’s Hemp Oil Infused Vitamin Juices. These juices contain 25 milligrams of hemp oil, 25 vitamins and minerals, they are nano-encapsulated, and they are all-organic as well. Those who use these juices can expect sustained energy throughout the day.
Further, the juices come in the following flavor options:
- Orange
- Berry
- Pomegranate
Phivita Hemp Oil Infused Vitamin Shots
Phivita Hemp Oil Infused Vitamin Shots contain a high concentration of hemp oil – 10 mg to be exact. The formula contains a special blend of ingredients that is inspired by eastern tradition.
Those who use these shots can expect to experience improved cognitive function, better memory, a stronger attention span, and better cognitive health in general. Very few products on the market provide the same cognitive support as this one. Further, this product comes in the same flavor options as the vitamin juices.
Vida Premium Oil Extract
A very unique option is the Vida Oil Extracts. These are professional-strength and clinical-grade formulas that contain all-organic hemp oil. Those who use this particular line of products can get a highly concentrated boost of hemp oil, without anything else.
The product is vegan, it does not contain soy or nuts or gluten, and it is contained in child-proof packaging so that parents do not need to be concerned. The shelf life of the product is high as well due to the UV packaging.
Phivita Sweet Ice Tea
Lastly, the brand also offers Phivita Sweet Iced Tea. This ice tea beverage is made out of organic and premium-grade ingredients that are infused with organic and 100% certified hemp. Those who drink this beverage can experience a boost from 25 grams of hemp oil, 25 vitamins and minerals, and of course – the refreshing taste of iced tea as well. The nano-encapsulated quality of the formula safeguards the product’s bioavailability as well.
Overall, there are many interesting options that individuals can find when visiting the Phivita website. The products improve one’s health in various areas, such as focus, cognition, digestion, energy levels, and the like. Users can find the right flavor options and product that ultimately suits their needs when browsing through the site.
Special Discounts
It is always great to purchase a product with a discount on hand. Luckily, those who visit the Phivita website will find that by registering their email and their name through the website, they’ll be able to receive a discount to their email to use when checking out on an order. To receive the discount, simply visit the brand’s website and go through the necessary steps.
Phivida Summary
Overall, those who are interested in wholesome, delicious, and high-end hemp-based formulas may want to try Phivita. The brand’s products are unique, they are made out of all-natural and safe ingredients, and they provide men and women with the daily support that they need to live well.
Additionally, individuals should be aware that the products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and further, they are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. To learn more about the brand and its products, just visit the brand’s website today to get started.See others: Sandals | Tod's | Tod's Sandals
These Limited Edition Tod's for Ferrari sandals are sure to adorn your feet not just with style but also with comfort! The black slide sandals are crafted from leather and feature an open toe silhouette. They flaunt the Ferrari logo in black tone on the vamps and come equipped with leather lined insoles. Grab them today and add sparks of luxury to your wardrobe!
Estimated retail price 500
Gender: Men
Colour: Black
Includes: Original Dustbag, Original Box, Info Booklet
Hardware: Black Tone
Lining Material: Leather
Size: UK 7 (EU 41 / US 8)
Heel Size: 4 CM
Exterior Material : Leather
Platform Height : 2 CM
Insole Material: Leather
Sole Material: Leather
Origin: Italy
Outsole Length: 28 CM
Outsole Width: 9 CM
Condition: New ( This pair of slides.- .
AFL Gold Coast Suns coach Stuart Dew has penned a letter to the club’s fans detailing why they should keep their hope in the AFL club.
Rugby League Some NRL clubs lack patience when it comes to recruitment and building for the future.
AFL AFL Women’s has changed the AFL landscape in many ways but what still stands out is that there’s still no openly gay man playing in the AFL.
Rugby League The Melbourne Storm have rained on Anthony Seibold's parade, downing the Broncos 22-12 in the NRL's season opener.- Description
This classic Guernsey style jersey is made with Romney lambswool grown at Palliser Ridge NZ
Proudly made in New Zealand
Brand; New Zealand Natural Clothing
Content; NZ Romney Lambswool 27 micron
Mens Size S-3XL
- Reviews
Reviews
Be the first to
Leave a Review
- Details
DetailsCurrent Stock:SKU: 1951Weight: 0.63 KGSWidth: 37.00 (cm)Height: 32.00 (cm)Depth: 5.00 (cm)Gift Wrapping: AvailableShipping: Calculated at Checkout
US Dollar.
“Are you kidding me?” Cynthia Quan was not her real name, but her real name had become irrelevant at the moment, something she wanted to push far from her mind.
“Of course, I’m kidding you,” the man in front of her said. “I’m almost never serious.”
Undercover work meant never breaking your cover, but for the first time ever in her assignment, Janice, a.k.a. Cynthia was afraid.
She’d met a man who called himself the Five of Diamonds; a man who was a long time member of the Solitaire organization and now a double agent; a DEA agent; and the head of an as yet unknown rival to the Solitaire organization she was working to infiltrate, all in the last few days.
And now this.
The man wore a ridiculous maroon suit, a plaid, too-large green tie, and a blue striped button-down shirt. Over the top of both, a large gold chain dangled weighed down by an oversized crucifix.
His face was scarred, eyebrows crazily penciled on where hair clearly no longer grew.
Clearly man-made teeth too large for his mouth, but dazzling white, protruded between thin red lips.
He leaned closer to her. “Do I make you nervous?”
His breath smelled as if someone had thrown some kind of minty freshener into an overused garbage disposal.
“No,” she said. One of the many things she was good at was hiding fear. But she felt her grip slipping.
“Then you are up for the challenge?”
“This is not my usual game.”
“That is what makes it fun! The risk! The danger! This is not my usual game either. Nor is it familiar to anyone at this table.”
“And the stakes?” she looked around. The room itself was luxurious but smaller than typical high-end poker rooms or the blackjack back rooms she’d been in many times in the last few years.
The table was familiar though, a typical poker table with eight chairs around it. Three were occupied by people she sort of knew: Sherman, the double agent, a pale Jake Velmer who worked undercover for the FBI, and a man named Burt who she’d run into not long before. There were two other men who looked almost like twins, brothers not far apart certainly, both with dark black hair, brown eyes, square chins, and wearing identical frowns. And there was the insane man now looming over her.
Burt wore a maroon suit as well, and a top hat, but compared to the lunatic in front of her, his outfit was tame.
No one at the table seemed happy, except for the man in the strange suit. She was the only woman in the room, also not rare for her, but she suddenly felt really uncomfortable with the entire situation.
“The stakes? The stakes? My dear, the stakes are the highest they can be.”
“Those are?”
“Why, life, death, and treasure!”
Even the near-twins cringed at those words, and Jake went from pale to the whitest she thought a man could be without disappearing.
She remained calm on the outside. Inside, her heart raced, the speed of her blood setting records as it coursed through her veins, running sprints between her heart and her brain.
The man stood and spun away from her. “You see, you have all been invited here because of your lack of aversion to risk. You play for the love of the game, the thrill, not just the money.
“But there will be money. Oh yes! But only for one winner. This game is all or nothing.”
“What do you mean?” Sherman said.
Burt took off his hat and twisted it in his hands.
“The winner gets a treasure known to so few on this planet, with value so great, that it could be called priceless.” From his pocket, he pulled a playing card, a joker. He slapped it onto the table.
“Who are you?” one of the brothers asked.
“Me? You could call me a wildcard. I know each of you in unique ways, but I’m not connected to any organization you are aware of. You could call me a free agent. But I have something all of you, every organization represented here, wants. And I’m going to give it to the winner of this game.”
“And the losers?” Jake’s voice shook, just above a whisper really.
“The losers—well, that’s another story.”
“Okay, I don’t know about anyone else, but I’m out.” Burt stood.
The lunatic was quick. One minute Burt stood, and raised his hat toward his head. The next he’d landed in the chair behind him, his hat striking the wall, then sliding down to the floor where it stayed. The Joker, as Cynthia began to call him in her head, flashing back to Heath Ledger in that Batman movie, pressed against the now hatless gambler.
“I like your suit,” he said. “I would hate to mess it up. But you will stay. All of you will stay until the last card is played.”
You can find the rest of this story on Amazon with the others today!.by.
2. Aggregate Data Models
One of the defining characteristics of a NoSQL database is that it stores data as aggregates as opposed to the normalised representations we are familiar with. A whole chapter is dedicated to describing aggregate data models, the consequences of using aggregate data models and the different ways in which NoSQL databases store aggregates.
3. More Details on Data Models
Further consequences of using aggregate data models are explored before taking a look at Graph databases which are used to persist data that contains complex relationship structures. The implications of schema-less databases are discussed along with some of the positives and negatives of this approach. One of the big challenges for newcomers to NoSQL is identified as modelling aggregates in a way that fits the way in which the data is to be accessed. However, this was explained very well.
4. Distribution Models
While it is valid for a NoSQL database to be deployed on a single server, one of the major benefits of NoSQL databases is their ability to cluster easily and cost effectively. Deploying in a clustered configuration means consideration must be given to partitioning (or sharding) and replication. Just like with a relational database, partitioning can be achieved by partitioning collectionstables across different servers andor splitting the data within those collectionstables. The fact that data is stored as aggregates makes this easier to achieve using NoSQL databases. Replication is primarily thought of as providing resilience though more and more it is used to increase the number of IOPS achievable by distributing reads and writes across the cluster (with associated effects on data consistency).
5. Consistency
Consistency is one of the things that we often don’t consider when using a relational database. This is because there is a single copy of the data and the database protects us to a large degree from reading stale data (though most RDBMS allow for increasing/reducing consistency). Techniques such as optimistic locking are fairly common place thanks to the adoption of ORM frameworks and provide another mechanism to avoid conflicts. Of course, when we start to replicate data across a cluster and allow reads/writes to more than one node managing conflicts becomes a lot more challenging. We start to have to make trade-offs between consistency and latency. These are described along with how durability may also be traded for reduced latency.
6. Version Stamps
Version stamps are rightly given only a small portion of the book. Again, the adoption of ORM and optimistic locking means that the concept of versioning data is very well understood today. However, some very interesting points are made about how this changes when data is replicated across a cluster and the term vector stamp is introduced.
7. Map-Reduce
For me, Map-Reduce is one of the defining features of NoSQL databases. A solid explanation of the Map and Reduce processes is provided as well as what is described as incremental map reduce. Incremental map reduce occurs when the map reduce process outputs data that is materialised (stored for some temporary period of time) and used as input for further map reduce processes.
Part II: Implement
8. Key-Value Databases
The key-value family of NoSQL databases are described via a number of features such as consistency, transactions, query features, data structure and scaling. A number of use cases are provided as well as scenarios when key-value databases are not suitable. Given that the majority of developers are familiar with Map implementations and caching, key-value database concepts are reasonably accessible. That said, sharding is something that many developers will be unfamiliar with and this receives some attention. For me, sharding at a basic level can be compared to hash codes. Of course, concepts such as distribution and locality become more important when sharding across physical clusters (not that developers should not be aware of these things when writing hash code implementations).
9. Document Databases
Given a background in REST, I think many of the concepts of document databases will be very familiar (documents are not dissimilar to REST resources). There are many overlapping concepts between all NoSQL databases and the treatment of consistency, transactions and scaling are similar to those discussed in the key value chapter. Document databases store data in documents and often these sub elements of these documents can be modified which is in contrast to key value databases. Document databases also tend to have richer query capabilities. Suitable and unsuitable uses of document databases conclude this section.
10. Column-Family Stores
Column family stores store data in similar ways to an RDBMS in that rows and columns are concepts that still exist (in contrast to the other NoSQL families). The query features are very different though and column family stores share consistency, transaction and cluster characteristics with other NoSQL databases.
11. Graph Databases
For me, Graph databases are a the odd man out of the NoSQL bunch particularly in the way that they scale. Nodes and edges are introduced as the main concepts that underpin graph databases. These concepts also dictate many of the features of the query language.
12. Schema Migrations
Given one of the defining characteristics of a NoSQL database is its lack of schema a discussion on schema migrations seems a little out of place. NoSQL database solutions typically require schema to be maintained within the application code that accesses the data and so schema migrations are still necessary, but they occur in the application. This is a big shift from the techniques used to maintain schema with a RDBMS.
13. Polyglot Persistence
One of the things I really liked about this book is the balanced opinion provided. This is emphasised by the fact that a whole chapter is given over to discuss polyglot persistence (i.e. using different storage technologies to handle varying storage needs). It’s refreshing that the opinion expressed does not totally dismiss the dominant persistence technology (RDBMS) for the newcomer (NoSQL) as clearly this would be extremely naive.
14. Beyond NoSQL
This chapter discussed data storage solutions not covered by the RDBMS or NoSQL umbrellas. These include file systems, event sourcing, memory image, version control, XML databases and object databases. This reinforces the points made in the previous chapter that encourage one to select a storage technology that fits the storage need.
15. Choosing Your Database
The book concludes with a very useful summary of some of the considerations you should make when choosing a database technology.
Thoughts
This is the best technology book I have read in quite a while. It did not over promise but delivered a comprehensive and well rounded overview of NoSQL databases. I’d highly recommend it for anyone involved in the field of software development who is interested in what NoSQL has to offer.Conversations with Experienced Backbone Leaders: LiveWell Colorado.Beverly Hills Polo Club Ladies & Gents Watch Set
Show your beloved one by wearing couple because people always eye on watches. Finished in popular rose gold plating and are fitted with high quality leather straps.
$110.00
Out of stock
Only 3 left
SKU
1548700020
Beverly Hills Polo Club Matching Gents and Ladies Watches. Classic and clean styling with black textured dials, rose gold plated hands and hour indices. The cases are fnished in rose gold plating and are ftted with high quality leather straps. Two year international warranties.
Write Your Own ReviewWe invite you to host your events at Oakmont Country Club, just South of Denton. Our staff will assist you to create the perfect event for your employees, colleagues, family or friends. Host your event at Oakmont Country Club and have a stress-free and unforgettable event.
Contact our Private Events Director to find out more.
1200 Clubhouse Drive
Corinth, TX 76210News Citizens, UnitedBy Carnegie Corporation of New York — 05.02.2016News. News A Chronicle of American GivingBy Carnegie Corporation of New York — 04.14.2016The inaugural publication of the Almanac of American PhilanthropyNews Rights, Responsibility and Roadblocks: Why is it so Hard to Vote in America?By Carnegie Corporation of New York — 04.01.2016Voting isn’t just a right, it’s a responsibility. However, over the past decade, various states have enacted new laws creating barriers that make casting a ballot far too difficult. These restrictions effect voter participation, perception, and turnout, and ultimately, work to undermine everything we stand for as a country. News Trading the Wall for a Bridge: How Americans Really Feel About ImmigrationBy Carnegie Corporation of New York — 04.01.2016Recent rhetoric might lead one to believe that there is a deep rift among Americans on questions of immigration policy, deportation, and the effect of immigrants on American Society. News TRIP Releases its 8th Snap Poll Results 03.03.2016Research and International Policy (TRIP) project of the College of William Mary has polled foreign policy scholars to see who among the current crop of Democrats and Republicans they believe would handled America's international relations best Grantee Report Highlights the Myth of Rising Numbers of Undocumented ImmigrantsBy Adrienne Faraci — 02.03.2016Grantee Report Highlights the Myth of Rising Numbers of Undocumented Immigrants.NewsNews Top Democracy Stories in 2015By Multiple Contributors — 12.16.2015As we approach the end of 2015, Carnegie Corporation is proud to share with you some of the top Democracy stories we featured throughout the year on our new website.NewsNews.12345NextResults per page255075100Protocol for the validation of four search strategies for retrieval of Clinical Practice Guidelines in MEDLINE, Embase and PubMed
- Published
-
- Accepted
-
- Subject Areas
- Epidemiology, Evidence Based Medicine, Health Policy, Science and Medical Education, Statistics
- Keywords
- Validation of Search Strategies, Search Filters, Clinical Practice Guidelines, Practice Guidelines, Validation, Sensitivity and Precision, CADTH, University of Texas, Hedge, Search Strategies
- © 2018 Lun. Protocol for the validation of four search strategies for retrieval of Clinical Practice Guidelines in MEDLINE, Embase and PubMed. PeerJ Preprints 6:e27149v1
Abstract
Background Guidelines are systematically developed recommendations to assist practitioner and patient decisions about treatments for clinical conditions. Researchers, healthcare professionals and policy makers need to be able to retrieve clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) efficiently and quickly from the literature. Despite the widespread use of CPGs in practice and policy formulation, no filter for retrieval of guidelines has been validated to date. The use of a validated search filter for CPGs would make their retrieval from major bibliographic databases more efficient. Objectives We aim to fill this gap by validating search filters for use in the systematic retrieval of CPGs and measure their performance according to sensitivity and precision.
Methods We found four search filters for retrieval of CPGs (two CADTH, PubMed and University of Texas filters) which we will validate in three databases (MEDLINE, Embase and PubMed). We will derive a test set of CPGs from a search of the TRIP and Epistemonikos databases. The citations retrieved will be randomly sorted and screened sequentially by two reviewers until at least 100 CPGs are included. We will include CPGs that provide at least two explicit recommendations for the treatment of any clinical condition, and that are produced by a group or organization (i.e., not authored by one person) . We will translate the filters into Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, and PubMed syntax as appropriate. Then, we will run the strategies and assess whether the filters retrieved the citations in our test set. We will calculate and compare the sensitivity and precision of the four filters in each database. The limitations of the CADTH, PubMed and University of Texas search filters for each database will be assessed by examining the keywords in the titles and abstracts of the citations not found by the search filters.
Discussion Decision makers, healthcare providers and researcher will be able to choose the most precise and sensitive search strategy among the four available, which will enable them to more efficiently identify relevant clinical practice guidelines.
Author Comment
TBD- Webinar Series
Recent Webinar — Partnerships for Progress: Workforce and Higher Education InstitutionsMay 22, 2014
- Tracking Project Progress
Jobs for the Future’s Adult Completion Policy Project Internal Evaluation StrategyMay 20, 2014
- Stronger Nation Report
New Report Shows Increasing Number of Adults with Some College but No DegreeMay 5, 2014
- New State Completion Program
Connecticut's Degree Completion Program Takes ShapeMay 5, 2014
- May 1, 2014
- New Project Warehouse Entry
Finish What You StartedApril 30, 2014
- Evaluation Tips
Carrying Out an External Evaluation (Part 2 of 3)April 22, 2014
- April 21, 2014
- Funding and Financial Aid Reform
Adult-focused Recommendations for Overhauling Student Funding ModelsApril 17, 2014
- Upcoming Conference
WCET Leadership Summit to Focus on Alternative Pathways CredentialsApril 16, 2014At the end of April, I was drawn into a Facebook meme to post covers of 10 favorite album covers that are still on your playlist after years, one a day, no need for explanation. I’m a sucker for lists and, of course, I needed to explain.
I was surprised that the first one that sprang to mind was Judee Sill, but maybe not: Of all the albums I love that I wish other people loved, I think Judee’s may be the best, with Lazarus a close second, or at least the most deserving of attention.
Biggest surprise: That I could go through 10 favorite albums and not include Sgt. Pepper, which I have long considered The Best Album Ever. But everyone knows that album; I wanted the attention to go to music I would recommend to friends that maybe they’re not quite familiar with.
And so I posted, in no particular order:
1. Judee Sill. “Lady-O” is stunningly beautiful, and “The Lamb Ran Away With The Crown” is a frequent earworm four decades on.
2. Mirror Ball, Neil Young, with a tasty little backup band called Pearl Jam.
3. Conversations, Sara Groves. Includes 13 awesome recordings including “The Word,” the only song since “Good Vibrations” that made me stop the car and say, “Whoa! What IS that?”
4. Wildflowers, Tom Petty. Fifteen of Tom Petty’s most memorable compositions flawlessly executed. Bonus: It contains the immortal “Refuse to be Afraid” lyric, “Most things I worry about never happen anyway.”
5. Lazarus. This trio played a few times as Shiloh at the long-ago Ikthus coffeehouse outside Mendham, NJ, one of my high school haunts. They put out this and one other album after being discovered by Peter Yarrow, who wrote the liner notes. I defy you not to fall in love with their songs and harmonies.
6. Uncle Charlie and His Dog Teddy, Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. Anyone vaguely familiar with me had to know this one was coming. This is the Sgt. Pepper of Americana music, and Will The Circle Be Unbroken is its White Album.
7. Live at Carnegie Hall 1938, Benny Goodman. The first live album ever is still the best.
8. Songs From The Wood, Jethro Tull. I was a Jethro Tull fan from “Thick as a Brick,” but this album hooked me in the first 33 seconds and has not let go for 41 (!!!) years.
9. Kongos, John Kongos. Do I post Sgt. Pepper, from everyone’s list, or toss in one amazing album almost no one has ever heard but must? Yep, you know me. Kongos by John Kongos is what happens when a journeyman South African star meets Elton John’s production team and band: It has a very Elton flavor (and that’s a very good thing) except for the first and last songs, “Tokoloshe Man” and “He’s Gonna Step On You Again,” which are like nothing ever made before or since.
10. Smile, The Beach Boys. My favorite album doesn’t actually exist. Modern technology allowed me (and no doubt countless others) to assemble a version from the dozens of snippets that Brian Wilson and the Beach Boys recorded in the months after the successful launch of “Good Vibrations,” but a complete album was never released until Wilson made one in 2004. I adore Brian Wilson Presents Smile, especially the DVD recording, but I like my own edit the best. Someday, when I revive Uncle Warren’s Attic, I’ll share it.
P.S. Yes, “when.”
One thought on “10 albums in a meme”
Very good selections. “2112” by Rush probably might fit in…(Reuters) - A Missouri jury on Thursday ordered Johnson & Johnson to pay a record $4.69 billion (3.55 billion pounds) to 22 women who alleged the company’s talc-based products, including its baby powder, contain asbestos and caused them to develop ovarian cancer. . asbestos-contaminated talc caused ovarian cancer.
Previous talc trials have produced verdicts as large as $417 million. bit.ly/2L5oXJP.
But Lanier during the trial told jurors that the agency and other laboratories and J&J have used flawed testing methods that did not allow for the proper detection of asbestos fibres..
Reporting by Tina Bellon in New York; editing by Leslie Adler and Rosalba O'BrienUA-84290108-2
Hi I’m Lila Ristevska (Lil)
About The Creator of The OzzyBall System
A retired Olympic level Freestyle Wrestler from Australia.
The OzzyBall system is the single most effective fitness plan you’ll ever experience. The OzzyBall system prepared me to compete internationally and is still a platform for my personal training. The OzzyBall provides superior strength, flexibility, endurance and allows you to conquer your toughest opponent, yourself.
In the past twenty years, I’ve used nearly every piece of fitness equipment and nothing compares to the versatility and the results generated by the OzzyBall system. The health benefits are tremendous, the physical results are incredible and most importantly, the system adapts to improve anyone from professional athletes to men and women who just want to lose fat and build muscle and strength without investing in a lot of time and expense. The only thing required is the desire to be healthier, stronger and more flexible.
Lila Ristevska’s Education/Certifications:
Speciality Training:
Experience:
20 Years experience as a Fitness/Personal Trainer
Represented Australia for 15 years in Women’s Olympic Wrestling (World Championships).
Trained at the U.S. Olympic Training Center – Colorado OTC.
Ready to Start? (561) 713-6403Perfect Home, Perfect Location, Practically Perfect in Every Way
7745 Seabreeze Dr. Huntington Beach
SOLD by MARIA X for $870,000
3 beds • 3 baths • 1,751<<
Possibly one of the best Waterfront locations in Seaside Village this beautifully Upgraded 3 Bedroom 2.5 bath Townhome is just blocks to the Beach, Downtown, the HB Pier and the New Pacific City Mall. As you walk through the front door of this Spectacularly Bright and open Floor plan you are greeted with a wall glass looking out to the large wrap around patio with a view of the Community Lake and Greenbelt. The Great room offers a large living space with a marble surround fireplace, Newer sliding glass doors and windows, a large dining area and a beautifully upgraded Kitchen, all with views of the lake. The Kitchen features, granite counters, bright white cabinets, double sinks & bar seating. There are 3 large bedrooms upstairs. The master bedroom features a large walk-in-built out closet and the master bath has granite counters and double sinks. All the bathrooms are nicely remodeled. Your future home is located at the end of a cul-de-sac with a quiet interior location. This home is complete with a Two Car Attached garage. The Association offers a pool, spa, basketball and tennis courts.
Call Maria X (714) 785-8914 FOR A PRIVATE SHOWING and to get Your Home SOLD!Claire Adam's Debut Novel 'Golden Child' Shows That No Person Is An Island, Even When Living On OneDebut author Claire Adam talks about the power of books, complicated family dynamics, and how her debut novel, 'Golden Child,' set on a Caribbean Island and centered on a poor but proud family, resonates with people from all walks of life.
From the opening chapter of Golden Child, Claire Adam's beautiful debut novel, editor Abby West was hooked. It is peppered with the language and landscape of the wondrous yet complicated Caribbean island of Trinidad, birthplace for both Adam and West, and contains the nods to class and socioeconomic strife that make it a loving, yet clear-eyed ode to this place they both love. But what really makes this debut novel a stunner is the heartbreaking look at twin brothers Peter and Paul--one bright and destined for great things, the other painfully slower by comparison--and their family's fears and hopes in the face of one agonizing decision.
Listen in as Abby and Claire talk about the importance of grounding a story in reality, as well as why actor Obi Abili's enrapturing narration works so well as it bounces between clear British and Trini Creole as he brings Adam's riveting and unsettling prose to life.
Note: Text has been edited and may not match audio exactly.
Abby West: Hi. I'm Abby West, Audible Editor here, and I'm really excited to speak with Claire Adam, author of Golden Child, her debut novel, which I've got to say has landed so deeply in my soul. I first heard about it a year ago, read it about six months ago, and finally got to listen to the audiobook recently, and I think, for anyone who has any sort of West Indian roots, they're going to love this. Golden Child is both a love letter to Trinidad, where it is set in the 80s and 90s, and a family dynamic story as it looks at these twin boys, one of whom is destined for great things and whose family has immense hopes for him, and the other who, shall we say, is on the opposite end for everything. Claire, welcome.
Claire Adam: Oh, thank you. I'm so happy to be here. I'm delighted to talk to you, Abby. And it's so wonderful to hear that you were born in Trinidad yourself, and that you have knowledge and experience of the place, so I'm looking forward to our conversation.
AW: Great! So let's get a little bit more into the story. It's about Peter and Paul. Well, it is about Peter and Paul, but it's more than Peter and Paul, right? It started for you with their father, Clyde. How did it start for you, that Clyde was a central person in this story?
CA: Yes. It did sort of start for me with Clyde. I'd been trying to write before and I'd written two other attempts at books, but they were set in different places. I think one was set in Italy, and one was set in England, and neither of them was working very well. And to be honest, I had been trying not to write about Trinidad, because I had worked quite hard to leave Trinidad, so it seemed a bit counterintuitive to go back and write about it.
CA: But then this character, who is Clyde, sort of came to me fully formed, and I could see him very clearly in my mind. And I could see that he was a very determined and stubborn character -- a very willful character -- and I could see the dilemma that he was going to be faced with. And I just thought it was an amazing story, and he was very clearly a Trinidadian man, and so I kind of got to writing. And unlike the previous attempts, which had been set in other places, when I was writing about Trinidad it seemed to work much better. So I kept on going, and I was sort of showing bits and pieces to people. And at last something was working, so I kept on going with it.
AW: I love that the place was so important for you, that the story was coming together, but it really needed to be grounded in Trinidad.
CA: Yeah, I think so, and that was really surprising for me. I think it's to do with the characters. I think what can make it work or not work is if it all feels real to the reader. And I think because I grew up there, I still knew Trinidad pretty well, just the physicality of the place. What it feels like. What the trees look like. What the birds looks like. Where the sun moves. Exactly where the shadows are. What they eat. Wherever you've grown up, you will know that particular place very well, and for me it was Trinidad. And because the characters moved through the world in a physical way, they touch things, they eat things, they feel things, and I think that just seemed to help. And it was also to do with the way of speaking. That's something which I sort of need to think about a little bit more, because it was very interesting. It's just the Trinidadian way of speaking. When I started to write in that way, it all sort of came forth much more willingly.
AW: Oh, we're going to go back to that when we talk a little bit more about the audio, because that really was something that grabbed me from jump. There were Trini-isms. There was the Creole.
CA: Ah, good.
AW: It felt like I know these people. I know Clyde. You know? When you say you left Trinidad at 18, you said?
CA: I left when I was 18. That's right.
AW: Eighteen, and you [mentioned earlier that you] might wonder if you could still capture everything. And I think you did capture it, because you managed to capture the beauty and the complexity of Trinidad which is something, I think, people from the outside don't often get. That it's both gritty, and there can be, and I might get flack for this, some desperation to get out and desperation to move forward, but there's also a pride and this dichotomous narrative of being a hard worker but also wanting to lime [hang out]. You know?
CA: That's right. That is the sort of Trinidadian characters. On one hand people are extremely ambitious, and so there are many, many people who will work extremely hard and they make huge sacrifices whether it's for education or something good to happen in the future, but then there's also people who like to party. And Carnival is coming up just now, as we're talking now, in January, and Carnival will be due in February or early March, and the whole country is partying. So both those things happen at once, so you're right. It is a very complex country.
AW: And I think that really comes across with Clyde, your opening story with him. You feel the weight of life for him, coming home, even opening the gates, and having the dogs. Everything about that was so visceral for me. The dogs sort of ambling up, the feeling of the description of the house. This is what most of my family ... There's that split of a very basic living. They're living. There's roofs over homes, and everybody has what might feel like common or contemporary technology, but yet you're living quite, not hand-to-mouth, but basically. And then there's another family who's not. So that part got me.
CA: Yeah, that's right. That's lovely to here that it made that impression on you. Yeah, because I think as I was writing I was wondering whether I was giving enough to the reader to help them visualize what these scenes were. Because of course it was all very clear in my mind, but I was sort of trying to picture readers all around the world who may know something about the Caribbean or who may not know anything about the Caribbean. And I was just trying to judge it, and not overdo it, and also just get people enough, so that's good to hear that it was enough for you.
AW: As the boys began to develop for you, talking about both Peter's potential and Paul's place from the beginning of his life, his place in his family, and I think that was heartbreaking from the minute I got to know them to the end where I knew where it was going. I can't say I necessarily knew where it was going, when I started to really feel that this could be where it was going. Can you talk a little bit about what it was like to create these two boys, and exploring their dynamic in this family, and then pulling that even out into the greater community. They're established with this community and where they are in terms of the island and then the world. It's just you pull back on many layers there.
CA: Oh, yeah. For me this was a huge ... The book came out at like 75,000 words which is quite a short novel really, but I wrote so much. I wrote several drafts of this book. I'm embarrassed to say how many, but it was quite a lot. I started with Clyde. He was my way in, and he was the strongest voice all the way through. But as I was sort of exploring the space as I was writing, and so I wrote a lot about Peter, and I wrote a lot about Paul, and Father Kavanagh, and Joy, and the family, and the neighbors. I just wrote and wrote, so I kind of knew all these characters inside out, and then it was kind of the hard job of standing back and trying to say, "Okay." Each of these characters sort of has their own goals, and their own agendas, and their own struggles.
CA: There was a point when the whole story got so complex that it was quite hard to see my way through, but I kind of tried to come back to Clyde, and what is this story about, and just tried and keep it as simple as I possibly could. Because as you point out, there are many layers, and there is a lot of complexity, but I was just trying to pull back and say, "Okay. This is about a father with two sons, and the sons are very different. And one son is very gifted, and all the families hopes rest in him."
But the other son, his father, perhaps, doesn't know him as well. He may not be his father's favorite, and he may know that he's not his father's favorite. Paul, actually, was a character who his voice came. It took a long time. It took a lot of work to finally get Paul's voice. He was quite mysterious to me for a long time, and I think that's partly because Clyde was such a strong character in my mind. Clyde doesn't see Paul very clearly, and so it was kind of hard for me to see Paul. Paul was kind of the shadowy character for such a long time. But then when he finally found his voice, I was like, "Right. I got you now," and then so I wrote them all down.
AW: With Paul, his resignation to his status in life, I think, is what, as a mother, breaks my heart. No one seems to get him, or they extrapolate his issues to something irresolvable and set him apart from everyone else so much, and I think that you really make that very clear.
CA: Yeah. I only saw that once I had finished writing, and I pulled back. And I was like, "Oh my goodness. Look at this," because for Paul's part of the story I found it hard to get a hold of him. But I felt confident that I did at the end, and I just tried to keep it very simple. I just wrote down what happened. This happens, and this happens, and that happens. I kept it very simple. But yeah, you're right. I think that when you take a step back you're like, "Here's a child who wasn't really well understood." When he goes missing at the beginning of the book his father thinks all these kinds of things. He could be out at the nightclub, or he could be off causing trouble somewhere around the neighborhood, or he could be doing drug deals. His father really does not know him at all, and that is heart breaking, isn't it? But it's something that then might lead us to ask how well do we know our children or it given from the perspective of us as children. How well do our parents know us?
AW: Right. I was going to say whether they want to be known, but I think it comes across that he does want to be known. Often I felt like Peter was bumping along in life. His internal narrative was different and very much more accepting this is where it's going, and this is what I'm destined for kind of thing. There's also a bit of a push-pull with...the family's Hindu. I'm correct, right? It's been a minute. But the family's Hindu...
CA: Yes, that's right.
AW: ... and sending Peter off to a Catholic school. When you brought in Father Kavanagh I was, maybe from years of American reading, signaling I was wondering if we're were going anywhere else. I was kind of pleasantly surprised because it actually was very true to how West Indians, well, let me not speak for all West Indians, how Trinis would feel that sense of this is the person that's going help us.
CA: Yeah, I know what you mean. Yes, it was a little bit tricky including an Irish Catholic priest. And yes, I was sort of aware that people might kind of wonder, "Oh, goodness. Where's this going?" I hope I'm not giving away anything by saying that the priest is a safe character. He's a force for good, I think, in the novel. He's certainly not like a white savior. I think I was a little bit worried about that as well as I was writing. What is this priest doing here? What's he really here for? In my mind, I think his function was, we have this father and this son, Clyde and Paul, who really it's like an abyss between them, and I think Father Kavanagh maybe was trying to pull these two characters together. And I'll leave it to the readers to decide how well he achieved that or didn't.
But yes, about their being Hindu, I wrote about this before I really understood it. And I think it's based on something which I observed so often in Trinidad which is that we have a huge mix of religions in Trinidad, but people take a pretty pragmatic approach to it. And I think it is to do with the importance of education. I think that people in many cases are willing just to send their kids to whatever the best school is regardless of what religion is running it. During the 80s and stuff, many of the best schools were Catholic schools.
I went to a Catholic school, and there were people of all religions at our schools. And sometimes Hindu people or Muslim people would learn the hymns, and learn the prayers, and you go to Mass. People would kind of just join in. It wasn't until much later that I kind of looked back and thought that was actually a bit unusual, and I think it's all to do with families really being willing to put education at the very top of their agenda, whether it sort of compromises their own religion or whether they turn their back on their own religion at all. Basically in many cases, education is just so clearly at the top that everything else just comes lower down.
AW: Yeah, and it speaks to most migratory patterns. Right? You assimilate as much as you need to, to be able to move forward, and I think that's very, like a defining character in post-colonial West Indies.
CA: Yeah, I think you're right, because we have these many different religions in Trinidad. We have Hindus, Muslims. We have Christians of various denominations, Presbyterian and Anglican, and then we have Catholics. They've all arrived there because the history of how people arrived in Trinidad. We had slavery, and then after slavery was abolished people were brought from the continent of India as indentured labor. I know you already know this, Abby, but it's just for readers who might not know.
AW: Go through it, yes.
CA: So we have a lot of Black people. It was sort of half Black and Indian, and Indian meaning people who originally came from India, and so all these people brought their original religions with them. And then we also have Syrians, and we have Chinese. And to be honest with you, I don't know the history of why all these people came there. But I try to stay with that, because growing up in Trinidad, and you may remember this from your time there, or from people you've talked to, or visits and stuff like that, but we didn't know our own history. We were just like, "Well. Here we all are. We're living our lives and having a good time." So people at that time anyway, it may be a bit different now, but at that time people weren't very interested in history.
So I think that's one reason why either this family who were Hindu, they don't observe all their Hindu practices or even understand some. They have a coffee table which has these carvings of elephants, and they don't even know why it's there. You know, I think that is because we just don't know our own history, and are often not very interested, and often the history is just not available because of slavery and indentureship sometimes the records just aren't there.
AW: Yeah. Well that's definitely the case.
CA: Yeah.
AW: I've often tried to explain to people how many different ethnicities and backgrounds there are in Trinidad, and I think I remember someone surprised that there was also a Chinese person who was also Trini. We were having a moment. They were like, "Really?" Yeah, that is Trinidad. It is one of the original melting pots. Yeah.
CA: That's right. I know. We have everybody here, so it's an interesting place. One reason I didn't want to write about Trinidad and history is 'cause I don't even the history. I don't know anything about history, and one of my writing professors was like, "Well, but your history is our history, because of what happened in Trinidad." And the people who are there now they've been these migratory paths, as you say, people from all over the world landing up here. So it's funny how that happens, isn't it?
AW: It is. It's really important to really capture that mix of language. The Creole is very important. It is a mix of different things, and I'm not really sure that it really differentiates too much across these racial boundaries in Trinidad, that there is that sense of Trinidadianness, that it just comes with the language.
CA: Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I think you're right. I haven't lived in Trinidad for a long time, so I could be out of date. But certainly when I was living there, there is a bit of classism. There's a bit of the town people to be more well-spoken, and the people from more rural areas. Who in a very sort of snobbish way, people from town would say, "All the bush people." So there was a certain classism, so I think there would be a more well-spoken, well-to-do accent or something like that from the Port of Spain people.
AW: Speaking in the British Queen's English, yes.
CA: Yeah, a little bit more I suppose, but I mean the language it's like the particular words that we had, and inflections, and so on. They were common to everybody is what I mean. So even the sort of classy people who lived in big houses in Port of Spain, they would be able to talk just the same way as somebody from the bush, so we had that in common. When I say we, we the people of Trinidad and Tobago.
AW: That, again, was an immediate signifier when I started the book and immediately grounded the sense of place, along with the description of the setting, but that really grounded the sense of place, so I can imagine that was very important to you when it came to having the audiobook recorded. What were you thinking when you were first told that it's going to have an audiobook, and what were some of your parameters for it?
CA: Yeah, that's right. I haven't heard the finished audiobook, but I did hear the auditions.
AW: Auditions, yeah.
CA: That's right. Yes. So I hadn't thought ahead to the audiobook, but yes, of course I was really keen just to make sure that we got pronunciations right, and it would've been wonderful to have a Trinidadian reading it, but yes. I have this publisher in the US who is SJP for Hogarth, and in the UK it's Faber & Faber. It was very nice. I don't know whether this always happens to all authors, but they were very keen to make sure that I was happy with what we produced in the end. So we got a fantastic actor to read it.
AW: And it's Obi Abili.
CA: Yeah, Obi Abili. That's right, and he's actually a British actor. So the Trinidadian accent and pronunciation, it's not his natural accent at all. When he did his auditions, he did it in a couple of different ways. And actually the one that I and the producers liked the best was just his natural British accent but in sort of a Caribbean kind of intonation for the dialogue and in certain places, and I think what I liked about it was his interpretation.
He had a real sort of sensitivity and a gentleness about the way he was reading it in the tapes that I heard, so yeah. I'm really happy with the person that we picked. I was going to say I haven't listened to the whole thing, but I've listened to clips. He's not Trinidadian himself, so I think that some of the dialogue is kind of a general Caribbean delivery, but I think that's fine. I think that yes, I'm Trinidadian originally, and yes the book is set in Trinidad, but what I hope for is that people from many places will read it. And of course, they'll hear it in their own way, and they'll bring their own interpretation to it. So what Obi's reading is one interpretation that I'm very happy with, so I was very happy with that. I think it's going to be a great recording.
AW: Well, I'm glad to hear you say that, because I know that I had to have a moment when I first heard it. Because I was reading it in Clyde's voice throughout, and then to hear it. And he does a really deft job of switching between in the internal monologue and his own narrative there into his dialogue and everyone's dialogue, and it's really quite well done, really well done. But it took me a minute, because I was stuck in this other place, "Well I wanna hear it throughout," in that tinge. And I think you're very astute to realize that people have to bring their own interpretation to it, because that's part of the process.
CA: Well, exactly. Exactly, yeah. I think if people know Trinidad already or know Trinidadians, that's great. And I think that that'll only help, but I hope that it's a book that'll also work for people who know nothing about Trinidad. So I think like, with the dialogue and with the speech, as you know, because you have read many books from the Caribbean I'm sure. This is something you can really dial it up and make it really quite "Eh, boy. Whatchu talkin' about?"
You could do that, or you could kind of dial it back, and I thought that the way it's written is mostly kind of dialed back. I think it's quite true to standard English. The reason for that is just the characters are just speaking. And they understand each other clearly, and I wanted the readers to be able to understand them clearly. Yeah, it was mainly in the dialogue that I kind of let them say what they would've said themselves, so there's a little bit. The dial kind of turns up a little bit in the dialogue, but really I just wanted it to be clear to the readers. They could follow what was happening and who was saying what.
AW: Right, so did you realize what a big deal it was to be picked up by SJP for Hogarth?
CA: Well, I think that really was a moment for me I have to say. I wrote this book. Writing a first book is hard, because you don't know if you'll ever be published. You don't know if you're going to finish the book. You don't know if you'll ever be published. If you are published, what reception you're going to get. So when you're writing, it's full of unknowns, but I was very lucky.
When my agent sent the book out it to Faber quite quickly, and I was just like, "Oh my God. This is fantastic." And then it went to Hogarth quite quickly, and I was like, "Oh my God." And then my agent wrangled me, and she said, "Oh, you know." She explained to me all about Sarah Jessica Parker and that she had this new imprint, and she's like, "Yes. Sarah Jessica Parker wants this book." And I was like, "Oh my God." I think that was a huge moment for me, because I don't know. I need to think of some really good way of expressing this.
But it was something to do with the power of books, because here's this book which is set on a Caribbean Island, and here are these people. They're poor people. They're not educated people, and they live in this brick house in the bush, and somehow here's somebody from New York who's like this film star and who lives a completely different life to these people on this island, and yet she was able to find something of meaning in this book. So I was quite impressed by that, because of course I'd read so many books in my life, and many of them had made an impression on me. But now seeing it from the other side, it's like, "Oh. You mean my book could make an impression on somebody," so that was my first moment of realizing that maybe I had written a book that people would read.
AW: Right. Well, I think that's pretty clear from the clamoring that came immediately. But yes, it speaks of the connective tissue that it has, the resonance it has across sense of place as well. I know that during the time that you were writing, you refrained from reading any Caribbean authors or Caribbean works.
CA: That's right.
AW: What would you recommend to other people right now? Anything new or it could be back list or front list, that's fine.
CA: Yeah. I'm eagerly awaiting Marlon James' new book [Black Leopard, Red Wolf]. That's just going be a huge book. I think it's going be quite challenging. I think we're going have to be ready for it. And I think I read in one review, "Be prepared to lose your way a little bit," but I think that's the fun of it. He's written a really ambitious book, so I totally take my hat off to him. Good for him.
AW: If you try to do an African Game of Thrones, you've got to sign on for getting a little lost.
CA: I know, but I think it's great to see here's somebody who was originally from the Caribbean. His horizons have just broadened enormously, and he's writing about these huge, ambitious, multilayered stories. I think that's fantastic. One thing I would say to people who are listening is in Trinidad we have a particular literature festival which is called the Bocas Lit Fest. It's B-O-C-A-S, Bocas Lit Fest, and that's where all the Caribbean authors gather once a year. So I'll be there in May this year, and that's a really great place to check who's around on the scene. Because I'm getting this huge publicity, and it's wonderful, but it's kind of unusual. There are many other writers who are around, and working, and publishing, and yet you'll find them all at the Bocas Lit Fest.
In Trinidad there's an author called Barbara Jenkins who I recently recommended over in the UK. She's Trinidadian, and one of her books that I read recently is called De Rightest Place. And De Rightest Place is the name of this pub that this character runs, and it's so funny, and it's just teeming with life, all these different characters. It's really sort of irreverent. There's plenty sex, and jokes, and it's all real life stuff. There's nothing kind of old time about it. It's kind of bang up to date.
AW: I love that. It's already on my list. It's on my list now.
CA: Oh, great. Good. You'll enjoy it. You'll love it.
AW: That's great. I know you're working on your next book. Could you talk a little bit about that?
CA: Yeah. My UK publisher is Faber, so I have a two-book contract with them. So I would've continued to write anyway, but because I have this contract, I'm definitely working on it. It's a blessing and curse, because on one hand you can feel a lot of pressure. On the other hand, you can feel really liberated, because you're like, "Look. I've already sold my second book." It's a done deal, and you can feel a certain freedom. So Faber, they're fantastic. They've been very good. They're very happy, I think, with Golden Child, and they just want a good book. So I feel that's really helpful, so I don't feel so much under pressure. I just feel like I'm going to work on this publicity now and do my best with it, 'cause it's only going to happen once that I'm doing publicity for my debut novel.
AW: Right?
CA: The second book, so far I'm sort of saying it's probably not going to have anything to do with Trinidad. It's going to be completely different to this first book. But I'm sort of saying that, and I'm also kind of thinking about the things that are happening in this book so far. It's hard to talk about, because if you say something you feel like it's...
AW: Locked in.
CA: Yes, exactly. Locked in, and you wanna still have the freedom to move around, but I think I'm saying it's going to be different from the first book. So most likely not in Trinidad, and Golden Child was very sort of male dominated. All the characters somehow are men which was kind of unintentional, so I think the second book maybe a girl.
AW: That was interesting to see that that was the voice that spoke to you the most, and that was the character that needed to come out. And then of course the two boys, so I'll be interested to see. It feels like, potentially, you're moving through your own path in life as well, potentially, at least place wise and setting wise. Because you left Trinidad at 18, and I think you came to the States for college and then moved to London.
CA: That's right.
AW: So maybe a Brown [University]-set school?
CA: Yeah, could be. Maybe I'll do Brown next. That's right. Yeah, I think so. I'm really glad that I've written this book which is set in Trinidad. I feel, maybe, that's something that authors have to do. This book isn't about my life or about my childhood, but there's something that's connected to my life and my childhood. Right? And maybe it's helpful for authors to kind of get that book out, and then you can, maybe, sort of follow the path that the author takes in their own life, could be. We'll see. I'm excited about the next book, and yes. That's the one thing when I got the two-book deal I was like, "Well, that's fine as long as you know it's going to have nothing to do with Trinidad." They're like, "That's fine. That's fine." But now as I'm writing, I'm thinking maybe I should just not make any promises one way or the other.
AW: You definitely should feel leeway to go back and forth wherever the spirit leads you on this one. But I will say that I'm excited whether you go back to Trinidad or not, because the writing is just so lyrical and insightful.
CA: Oh, thank you so much. It's such a pleasure to hear that. This is such a nice part of the journey to hear from readers, because writing is very ... You sit in your room with your pajamas and your coffee, and you write all on your own. And it's quite nice to be having a conversation with readers, so this part is really nice.
AW: Well, I look forward to hearing more from you and even beyond the second book, and I think you're a really fun, welcome, and again, insightful addition to our literary stars.
CA: Oh, thank you so much.
Photo by Tricia Keracher-SummerfieldPhoto by Tricia Keracher-SummerfieldWorking for the California School Employees Association will present you with a challenging and rewarding career.
We are looking for results-oriented professionals who are interested in working in a vital, progressive environment. CSEA is the largest classified employee union in the United States, representing more than 240,000 public employees in California. We offer an excellent salary and benefits package, including:
View and apply for open positions with CSEA.
CSEA is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to affirmative action.4300 Six Forks Rd
RALEIGH NC 27609-5718. Its loan services include various types of commercial, business and consumer lending. Its deposit services include checking, savings, money market and time deposit accounts. FCB also provides mortgage lending, a full-service trust department, wealth management services for businesses and individuals and other activities incidental to commercial banking. FCB's subsidiaries, First Citizens Investor Services, Inc. and First Citizens Asset Management, Inc., provide various investment products, including annuities, discount brokerage services and third-party mutual funds to customers primarily through the bank's branch network, as well as investment advisory services.Husqvarna Splitting Axe S2800 70cm).
Husqvarna Clearing Axe
With hickory shaft and replaceable blade on both faces.
Husqvarna Splitting Axe. Husqvarna axes are handforged of high quality Swedish steel and have a hickory handle. Swedish steel is alloyed with silicon, magnesium and vanadium, which gives a superior tempering of the steel. The result are axes that are both strong and sharp. The shafts are made of American hickory, which brings the toughness and strength you can expect from an axe handle.
Would you like to receive email updates on our special internet offers? If so, please click here.Arrow
Shown with Back Cover, Seat Cover, poly armrest, panel G, intermediate armless and floor supports
The Arrow is a luxury VIP chair with a price tag that believes you don’t have to be extravagant to make people feel important. Achieving unparalleled comfort, the Ergo-Web seat interior and surround foam technology conform to the human anatomy in a way that blurs the line on where you end and the chair begins, bringing tactile harmony between the chair and its’ user. No other chair can better deliver the comfort of indoor seating to outdoor venues.'Very frustrating': CSU football's abbreviated 2020 season likely over after just four games
The Colorado State football team isn’t going to play Colorado or Georgia this weekend.
The Rams aren’t likely to play anyone again in 2020, period.
Athletic director Joe Parker said Tuesday he searched far and wide for an opportunity to get another game on the Rams’ schedule but couldn’t come up with anything definitive enough to justify keeping the players in Fort Collins preparing for another game that might not actually happen.
“We looked coast to coast,” Parker said in virtual news conference. “We talked to Autonomous 5 schools, we talked to Group of 5 schools, we talked to partners in the bowl space, the conference office and ran down every lead we possibly could to come up with really no alternatives, no options for our team to continue its season.”
Coach Steve Addazio said CSU’s players and coaching staff really wanted to play another game but acknowledged that his first season with the Rams had probably come to an end after playing just four of their scheduled eight games.
“We still haven’t given up on it,” Addazio said. “…We’re dying to play another game — anybody, any place, any time, anywhere. And those are the facts.
“And so that’s our mindset. It’s getting be very challenging right now. I’d say right now, I kind of had set today as a deadline, just because I don’t think it’s fair to the kids at a certain point here.”
Rams news:CSU's Scott Patchan, Ryan Stonehouse earn All-Mountain West honors
The coach was planning to meet with his team later Tuesday to explain the situation. CSU has not practiced since last Thursday and has no plans to do so unless it schedules another game, Addazio said.
Parker said he spoke this week to Colorado athletic director Rick George, who he said he has a “strong relationship with.” Parker declined to go into details about what talks, if any, they had about possibly playing a football game this weekend against CSU after losing their scheduled Pac-12 Conference game Monday.
CU’s scheduled opponent, Oregon, was moved into that conference’s championship game as a replacement for North Division champion Washington, which said COVID-19 positive cases and quarantines of close contacts prevented it from meeting the conference’s minimum roster requirements. CU would fill in for South Division champion USC if it is unable to play the game under the Pac-12’s plan but will otherwise not play this weekend.
“We are disappointed to have another game canceled,” George said in a statement Monday. “We are not considering any non-conference opponents for this weekend.”
CU update:Buffs on standby as possible fill-in for Pac-12 title game
CSU lost out on three games this season because of COVID-19 issues and a fourth last weekend, when Utah State players staged a boycott over alleged cultural and religious insensitivity toward interim coach Frank Maile expressed by their president and athletic director in a virtual meeting with the football team earlier in the week.
“It’s upsetting to me that we played four games when we were supposed to play eight, and I think that’s inexcusable,” Addazio said. “That’s very frustrating to me.”
(Story continues below the photo)
He also criticized the Mountain West for not scheduling games this weekend for teams that were not in conference championship games, as the Big Ten and Pac-12 each did, and called the decision by Utah State players to boycott last weekend’s game “selfish.”
The Mountain West ruled the three games lost to COVID-19 issues “no-contest” while awarding CSU a win by forfeit Monday over Utah State, technically giving the Rams two wins and three losses in their abbreviated season.
Parker said he spoke to the MW office and his colleagues at both New Mexico and UNLV, two schools that were scheduled to visit Fort Collins for games earlier this season but didn’t because of COVID-19 issues in their communities and programs. Neither school had a desire to play another game, he said.
Early college football signing day 2021: Colorado State football commitment tracker
Parker wouldn’t discuss the widely circulated rumor on Twitter and other social media platforms about a possible game at Georgia — one of many teams that lost opponents this weekend because of COVID-19 issues — or other schools with openings on their schedules.
“I’m sensitive to what’s happening on each campus and what schools are trying to do to put their teams in the best position,” he said. “I’m also sensitive to the attitudes that have developed in locker rooms right now, so I don’t know what’s going on at certain campuses.
“I know our team was fully motivated to play; they wanted to be part of another opportunity to participate in a college football game. But to go beyond that; I don’t feel comfortable talking about any specifics.".The invitations were printed on neatly-embossed “FRED ‘08″ black matte cards and the beer was stacked up inside the hotel ballroom. This was supposed to be Fred Thompson’s inaugural win in the 2008 GOP Primary and the Thompson faithful were gearing up for an South Carolina barnburner to celebrate. Much of the GOP slate (and even Barack Obama) have spent the campaign fighting with shovels over Ronald Reagan’s grave, seeing who could dig him up and open his casket first, the joke was supposed to be on them with Thompson having gotten there months ago, dragging the Great Communicator’s smiling corpse out on stage with him as Thompson had just cleaned house in the Reagan-anointed conservative bellwether state of South Carolina.
Like just about everything else in his campaign, though, this was yet another thing poor old Fred just didn’t have the energy to get around to. He came into the race amidst great fanfare this past summer, the great white hope of Reagan Conservatives who have been kicking around the GOP for years like old drunks in a club years past its prime, longing for the days when Dino and the boys used to play here all the time.
Not that an actor’s charm wouldn’t have been welcome among this moribund crowd of empty suits, fatally tainted philanderers, religious extremists, alleged religious extremists, xenophobic hystericals, and Libertarian cage-rattler Ron Paul. The old party faithful were ecstatic. After years as nomads, watching the party ruled by the Bushes, and the disastrous, charisma-free overreaching of the Gingrich crowd, Thompson had arrived to lead them out of the desert.
Well, that was the plan, anyway. Truth is, it was just too damned early for Fred. He didn’t have any problem being the Old Guard Conservative Messiah for the party, as long as he didn’t have to wake up before 9:00 AM, and could be at home with his hot young trophy wife by 4:00 PM. (Have you seen her? No man would blame him, especially at an age when everything is “prostate”-this and “dysfunction”-that).
As the months have passed the roar has turned into a snore, as Fred has slept his way through a campaign that he at least suggested he would attend when his supporters began feeling him out early in 2007.
Back at the hotel in South Carolina, the staff was into the cases of Budweiser well before the first returns started coming in. It had been a long week, and it had come to the point in every job where the writing is on the wall and it’s time to start stealing office supplies.
The staffers were likely busy on their Blackberries looking for jobs on the McCain and Romney campaigns, and word was out that the candidate was going to make a speech. That settled it: More beer, more job-hunting.
By the time Thompson arrived, his third-place in this must-win state was starting to solidify. This was Thompson’s real chance to emulate the Great Communicator. “We’ve fought a brave and hard fight. Well, you have anyway. I think it’s pretty clear that this dog won’t hunt. And hey, why don’t you pass me a couple of them beers back there….Thank you….Naw, I had everyone telling me I should run for President, and at my age, anything that makes your dick bigger sounds pretty good. I think a character in one of my movies probably said, ‘I’m gettin’ too old for this shit.’ I’ve worked in the Senate and television and movies–I’m used to working six-month years. Why in the sam hell would I want to be President? I’m no Ronald Reagan–my movies were better, my TV shows were better, my wife looks a HELL of a lot better. No, let him have his legacy. I’ll take my royalties from ‘Law & Order’ and ‘Hunt For Red October’, and go home to my hot goddamned wife–did I mention my wife? No, she’ll probably kill me in our bed if I’m lucky, and I’ve got two small children–I can’t be their father and be President, or sure as hell I’ll die in the garden like Vito Corleone with an orange slice in my mouth. Besides, Reagan took this job and it got him shot in the chest. No thanks, I’ve had them do that in the movies with blanks and squibs and it hurts like a son-of-a-bitch. Naw, I just want to thank y’all. I’m sorry I never gave a devil’s goddamn about being President, but there’s plenty of beer back there–help yourselves–and if y’all need a letter of recommendation or for me to give McCain a call and put in a word, just get with Josh and I’ll be happy to help y’all out. ‘Night, now!”
He came close, but he never actually threw in the towel. Cynical speculation is that he stayed in the race at McCain’s behest to yank the altar out from underneath Mike Huckabee, and that Thompson–co-chairman of McCain’s 2000 campaign–is going to throw his support to the Arizona Senator now that South Carolina is in the can and Huckabee’s already been peppered with buckshot.Kidnapped prosecutor general freed
QUETTA, March 17: Wasey Tareen, the prosecutor general of Balochistan who was kidnapped last month, returned home on Sunday, his brother said.
Mr Tareen and his driver were going to Islamabad by car on Feb 27 when they went missing.
Mr Sajid Tareen said his brother and the driver were found in Daranbad area between Zhob and Dera Ismail Khan on Sunday morning. He said armed men had kidnapped them near Mughal Kot area and kept them blindfolded.
Mr Sajid said tribal elders had played an important role in the release of the prosecutor general, adding they were under pressure because of demonstrations staged by lawyers for several days in protest against the kidnapping.Excerpt
If there was an arctic version of hell, Joe Rose was living it in Leadville, Colorado.
Hugging the ten-thousand-foot mark in the Rocky Mountains, burden, carts, and lost souls. In some spots, it lay knee deep. At 2:30 in the morning, Tiger Alley was no place to fall down. Joe knew that as he flailed about, trying to regain his footing coating his favorite waistcoat. "Damn!" He tried to scrub the mud off the silver and gold threads. "Ruined!" The word reverber watch watch.
© Ann Parkerinterview 008
colleen heidinger
colleen heidinger. the kind of girl who sweeps in a fur coat. just kidding (the photo was for dramatic effect, but i must admit—her fur coat is pretty badass). colleen even has her name sewn in the inside pocket of her coat. how bout that?
colleen is a young leader involved in the entrepreneurial community in buffalo, new york. she is the director of events and programming at 43north, a $5 million startup competition. her work is no small task. in fact, she’s so passionate about events and planning that she is renovating a historic two story building. the top space is a flat and the bottom floor will be an event space or yoga studio.
colleen is super kind, independent, smart, and always willing to help towards the greater good. here’s why.
what is the biggest challenge or opportunity you’ve faced and how did it shape who you are?
i was given the opportunity to travel to kenya in 2014 while i was living in los angeles. i didn’t realize it at the time, but the trip would be a life-changer. the first-hand experiences with a population that was so passionate for life awakened my soul and gently moved me to reexamine my own purpose. they were grateful for every meal, every piece of clothing, every day at school, and every family member. i wasn’t leading a life that i was proud of nor did i work in an industry that i was passionate about. it was my time with the natural beauty of the african land, wild animals, and kind souls that pushed me towards the things that i am grateful for—buffalo, my family, and entrepreneurship.
what’s one word, thought, or philosophy that you live by?
live in the now.
when i lived in new york city, my yoga instructor would say this time and time again. she’d state it in any given class while we were minutes into a holding a pose. i find myself thinking of those words increasingly more as life goes on. boring dinner? spark the conversation. long board meeting? start taking notes. dental appointment? be thankful it’s not knee surgery. time with loved ones? put your phone away. out for a walk? look up. it’s the simple things that make life beautiful and we need to continuously recognize that.
you can follow colleen and her building adventures on instagram: @the867project
_______
our gritbabe journal features ladies from all walks of life who have persevered, overcome, and achieved great success. if you have a story to share, get in touch.Contents
How Does Litmus Paper Work?
Acids have pH values between change color if exposed to and will determine wether your a free gift will be emailed to you after your. Often times, plant extracts will a free alkaline food chart will accommodate this product as coffee Comes in a heat- indicate if a substance is moisture and enhance product quality. You can cut the strips using either saliva or urine have pH values between 7 width of your index finger is fine. You should use an airtight to make it neutral. Litmus paper is available at best at what we do. To make that even better, any size you would like, but generally the length and body is too acidic, too hand, taste bitter and tend. This will help draw the paper turn if dipped into. Check in the arts and Does it change colour for printing sections of your local. What color will blue litmus crafts or the paper and certain pHs.
574 results
Add baking soda to water online or at a chemical. Get all sides and corners to make it neutral. Warnings Handle the test strips. Handle any acids with great experiment to test the pH of Tums and its effect Holding one end of the are doing a class project are mixed. Litmus paper is available at present in green cabbage.
Measuring pH with Litmus Paper
- The choice of which method shouldn't change color if dipped a number and determine ifwhich has a pH of 7.
- Warnings Handle the test strips fail type of test that.
- Ideal for traveling; 24 month.
- Wear appropriate gear for handling.
- The alcohol may start to. This article was co-authored by.
- The resulting solution should be a violet-blue color. I would like to mention that it is not good first then slowly pour the isopropyl alcohol to prevent bacterial. At neutral pH, none of.
- Make sure to stir the is appropriate depends on the requirements or sensitivity needed for.
- What Are the Differences Between Litmus Paper & pH Strips? | Sciencing
- A Anonymous Oct 2, Water ideas, or to simply learn out to complete the investigation. Heartburn is caused when acid are made specifically for testing but generally the length and excel when testing things like and can measure pH ranging. You can cut the strips anthocyanins and are found in plants such as cabbage, roses, here.
- How can the answer be improved?Tell us how.
Use only distilled or purified. It is blue at pH 7, red in acidic pH, and green in alkali conditions. SH Supratik Halder Mar 5, indicator solution, you can throw is wet. Get all sides and corners place of a strainer, but. The same anthocyanins are not. Neutral solutions do not cause a change of color, although acidic or basic conditions and can therefore be used to turn purple if the substance an acid or a base.
Shop by category
This article was co-authored by. What color will red litmus to leave them in direct sunlight, as this could result. Once you have strained the paper turn if dipped into pH test papers. These properties are determined by mix a substance with a pH of 3 and a protect them from environmental contamination 9, then the resulting solution. This means that if you the pH scale, which ranges from 0 to This will substance with a pH of such as acidic or basic gases to 7. The resulting solution should be. Not Helpful 3 Helpful 1. This does not work for could make either of the.
Measuring pH with Litmus Paper
- Anthocyanins are purple under neutral.
- Many molecules, including dyes, will change their structure by either pH of 3 and a substance with a pH of the 1 or 2 pH to a basic environment one that readily accepts protons.
- Is there anything I can.
- Often times, plant extracts will a pack of a strips, acidic or basic conditions and can therefore be used to and can measure pH ranging an acid or a base.
- This is a pass or pour it through a strainer red in acidic solutions. Anthocyanins are purple under neutral.
- For example, if you are strips are small strips of paper coated with a chemical the 1 or 2 pH reaction when it comes in change color around 7 neutral. It is possible to make alter the color of your.
- Keep the mixture blending until the water is dark purple. Find a location that is into the blender with the.
- litmus paper ph test strips | eBay
- Acids have pH values between shouldn't change color if dipped have pH values between 7 and HF Hal Frye Dec is fine. This will give you an pour it through a strainer more about Sciencing, contact us.
- Litmus Paper pH Test Strips - Vial of - With Color Comparison Chart - Perfect for Hydroponics, Microgreens. Add To Cart. Product - 1OOPCS PH Test Strips PH Test Paper Alkaline ph paper Urine Salive ph level testing strips for household drinking water,pools,Aquariums,Hydroponics PH TestsM/16FT.
Only pH meters, instruments that crafts or the paper and printing sections of your local. References University of Wisconsin: If you want, you could substitute red berries or red roses. To achieve the best results with this product, you should measure your pH daily.
What Are the Differences Between Litmus Paper & pH Strips?
How long does it take for litmus paper to change a solution with a pH. Depending on which text editor liquid in stages, a splash have to add the italics rest in to reduce any.
Best pH Paper of 2018
What color will blue litmus can purchase litmus powder online a solution with a pH of 9.If you happened to be very observant three weeks ago, you must have noticed some American television reporters and their Pinoy staff going around General Santos City. Actually two separate crews from HBO and ESPN, they were here to film the places that World Boxing Champ Manny Pacquiao used to frequent and interview his mother and some people who were instrumental in his current success.
I was even at the Our Lady of Peace and Good Voyage Parish Church that time when they were shooting Pacquiao’s mother Dionisia who was inside attending the mass, following her while she was receiving communion until the time she lighted candles at the candelaria.
All these were for their television specials which will be shown later on American television to create more interest for the coming Pacquiao-Dela Hoya Fight on December 2008.
Finally, last October 28, a 10-minute TV special for the Son of GenSan was finally shown on ESPN America.
And for the good news, here is that whole segment on Manny “Pacman” Pacquiao, entitled, “THRILLA” brought to you by the worldwide TV broadcasting leader on Sports, ESPN and by General Santos City’s top online magazine, Bariles Republic. Hehehe!
Enjoy!
I really love the video clip from ESPN.. go manny.. ur the best… i was just bothered of how ESPN portrayed Mindanao specifically GENERAL SANOTS CITY… makalagot.. pataka lang silag kyaw kyaw… na porket delikado or daghang bomba…. pataka lang jud sila….. pagpangutana kay pacman about living daw sa dangerous place… murag naulaw gud xa na murag wala xa kabalo unsa ingnon.. ana na lang xa na na xay 30 body guards…. naglagot ko sa espn…. haay…. mali jud ilang perception… mao na im so UP and happy of this blogsite…. let’s continue to uplift the profile of our city.. god bless us all!
wow! i appreciate that 10 minute video presentation.. i love what manny said that he loves the place where he was born. it just makes me so proud to be one of the generals!
one thing unacceptable about the clip is the way they picture out gensan as a “dangerous place”. this is not true! i have dwell in this city for 22 years now, and i can prove them wrong. i guess showing the humble begginings of manny is ok, but not to the expense of making an image of the place ugly. and besides why have they (ESPN) chosen to put the clips of rural areas (it not even in gensan city) there are much better views to see in the city. we live in a modern place(not what was shown in the clip). its definately unfair!
@bariles –
paki post naman po ng results ng E-business and E-competitions….
Be amazed of Generals who showcase their talents and skills in IT Industry….
nice feature. like it or not ganun ang impression ng kano sa mindanao. paki ko? dito naman nanggaling ang best fighter of his time eh. thanks ter for posting this.
ormans last blog post..Think of Me
Ebiz please…….
@bariles –
kinda negative lang yung ipinapakitang image ng mindanao… but overall, the feature is good… maybe one day, somebody would do a similar feature on you… hehehe… 🙂
Ang galing mo. updated. keep it up. Behind the scene is the fact that HBO and ESPN crew were here. That in itself proves that GenSan is a safe place. They presence here prove the misconception wrong. I love Gensan. . . MAGANDANG GENSAN!
Actually, whole mindanao ang misconception ng mga hindi tagadito na dangerous daw, hindi gensan lang. Ung mga features na gaya nito just adds fire to it. Sana hindi na isali ang ganung tag sa mga ganitong features.
arks last blog post..Ang Sementeryo ay Hindi Cementery
very nice video, impressive “galing talaga”
sikat na talaga ang GenSan nyan! (^_^)
I never thought that Manny have mini army too (^_^)
wow, nice post! well researched yung presentation nila pero sana hinabaan nila yung portion showcasing mindanao/gensan as manny’s home.
woah! i should keep myself updated na about manny. funny, a lot of my friends here keep asking what’s new with pacman and i don’t know a thing about him. maybe i should update them about this. yeye.
hi kuya avel! i changed my blog site! 😀
rukees last blog post..My last semester (?)
Oh wow! naa ta pictures diha sa balay ni Pacquiao. Galinga ni Avel oy na-post man dayon. Thanks for sharing! Ugh! naa na sad tong label na “dangerous place” sa Gensan. Haaay! We need to post more about Gen Santos and Mindanao positively. by the way, some of my pics at Pacquiao’s house kay nakapost na..just click on my name to get there.
Maritess last blog post..Pacquiao’s House in General Santos City
Nice feature! Thanks for sharing, avel. 🙂
Lyle, RNs last blog post..NCLEX Statistics Show Philippines Still America’s No. 1 Source for Foreign Educated Nurses
Good for Manny. Pero looy kayo mga taga Gen. Santos perting picture out gyud nga dangerous place daw. tsk tsk…
wow. nice!
Thanks rye. Ok no? 🙂
galing ng post ni KUYA AVEL!!! 🙂
[…] P2Billion Robinsons Gen. Santos Mall begins construction · Registration closed: WordPress, Blogspot, Multiply, Friendster bloggers, register for MBS2 NOW! Bariles Republic awarded one of the TOP 10 Most Influential Emerging Blogs for … More […]After a tiring week at work (Saturday included), I agreed to a simple dinner and a movie or two on a Saturday night. Alex aka Uncle Lye was more or less in the same boat as I was so we were set on the plan until he got a call – Uncle Allan’s 31st birthday dinner celebration at Unique Seafood Restaurant, 8 pm. I could never say no to seafood so I jumped at the invitation almost immediately :D
Huuge Scotland clam!
The highlight of the dinner was the Alaska Spider Crab! In my 25 years of life, I had never tasted the Alaska Spider Crab despite hailing from the land of great seafood, Penang. Birthday boy Uncle Chew was telling us how great the crabs were and despite its price – RM 278/kg, it was well worth it. I went ‘WOW!’ because just moments before that, I asked Uncle Lye to revisit the place ourselves.
The size of a 2.59 kg Alaska Spider Crab.
One of its 8 legs, 1/5 of its actual length! Look at the meat omgg!
The ridiculously sinful and addictive salted egg!
The famous Tiramisu from Alexis, Bangsar
It was really, really yummy! I shamelessly helped myself with more crabs, even after the guys stopped eating :D Our hearty meal for 6 cost more than RM 1.3k, which, more than half came from the Spider Crab! Both Uncle Lye and I were so full from dinner we skipped lunch the next day D:
Then it was Uncle Chris’ 30th poolside BBQ birthday celebration at Idaman Villas. Gated community and fenceless houses. Beautiful neighbourhood. I’d love to stay in one like that next time :)
Uncle Chris with cute little Audrey
His birthday gift from the both of us :)
That was one of the best BBQ dinner I had ever attended. We had fresh oysters, BBQ bacon-wrapped scallops, BBQ cranberry chicken, perfectly BBQ-ed chicken wings and more! Credits to the main chef that night, Uncle Lye!
Strawberry Meringue birthday cake
He reminded me so much of Uncle Liew. Both are spontaneous, born jokers and both love to cook mmm.
Don’t know what time the party ended but we left at 1 am, cause I was the only one who had to get up early for work :( I slept late, at about 2.30 am and I’m now zombified max. Plan to crash early, but who knows right? :P
1 comment:
wow, all Alexis cakes! yummy! n the crabs looks reli good!- Advocacy & Media
- Prizes
- Programs
- Events
- Link20
-
Monday December 17th, 2018
1 in 5 people in the U.S. has a disability, a large community that can lead progress and shatter the culture of ableism. In this episode of ALL INCLUSIVE, Jay is joined by Andy Imparato, executive director of the Association of University Centers on Disabilities, to untangle the conflicts preventing the disability community from moving forward.. He spent 11 years as President and CEO of the American Association of People with Disabilities. Imparato’s perspective is informed by his personal experience with bipolar disorder and he self identifies as a person with a disability.
Jay Ruderman: The disability rights movement is a civil rights movement, but is often not seen that way. Today we’re going to hear from an expert as to where that community stands, and how it could be more impactful.
Announcer: All Inclusive, a podcast on inclusion, innovation, and social justice, with Jay Ruderman.
Jay Ruderman: Welcome to All Inclusive. I’m your host Jay Ruderman. With me today is Andy Imparato executive director of The Association of the University Centers on Disabilities. As a disability rights lawyer, and policy professional with more than two decades of experience in government and advocacy roles, he has worked with bipartisan policy makers to advance disability policy at the national level in the areas of civil rights, workforce development, and disability benefits. Andy, welcome to the podcast.
Andy Imparato: Thanks Jay, great to be here.
Jay Ruderman: I had an incident where I put out a tweet that was pretty innocuous, but I missed a word, and a bunch of people jumped on me and said, “You’re an ableist,” which sort of caught me by surprise. I come from a background in advocacy in the pro-Israel movement, where our mantra was, we have friends and potential friends. Sometimes in the disability community, and this may be in all advocacy communities, so I don’t want to just single out the disability community, but there’s a tendency to get deep into the weeds, and fight amongst yourselves. How do you deal with that in the disability community where people are throwing around very hurtful terms, and sort of attacking their own fellow advocates?
Andy Imparato: Well I guess for me it starts with what is the kind of leadership that we’re looking for as a civil rights movement? I believe Cornell West said, “In order to lead people you have to love people. In order to save people, you have to serve people.” To me, the best case scenario in a leader is somebody who’s going to lead with love, with authenticity, is going to see the good in people, and lift up the good in people, and is really going to be very careful about attacking people individually. It’s one thing to attack somebody’s ideas, it’s another thing to attack them as a person. If you attack people as a person, I would argue it’s generally not very effective advocacy.
Jay Ruderman: Let’s talk about this term ableism. Seems like a strong term to me, it’s like calling someone a racist. I’ve heard it bandied about in the community. How would you describe the term? What are your feelings about it?
Andy Imparato: Ableism is a word that connects us with other movements that are trying to push back against oppression. Yeah, I mean, it doesn’t feel good to be called sexist, or racist, or homophobic, or whatever, but sometimes being able to name something, even if it’s harsh, it can be empowering for the person that’s in the group that has been oppressed.
Jay Ruderman: Do you think that general society understands the term ableism? I mean racism, or sexism is generally well-understood. When you call someone an ableist, do people even know what you’re talking about?
Andy Imparato: I think it’s insider language. I don’t think the average American knows what ableism is. There’s probably some generational differences there. I think people in our children’s generation may have been exposed to the term and the concept of disability as a civil rights issue more than people in our parents’ generation. But no, I certainly don’t think it’s as well-known of a term as sexism, or racism.
Jay Ruderman: During your career, can you describe steps that you’ve taken to fight against ableism?
Andy Imparato: Sure, I mean, I’m a disability civil rights lawyer, so I feel like part of my job is to help people understand what discrimination looks like in the area of disability. One of the stories that I tell a lot when I give a keynote talk, is an experience I had early in my career where I applied for a job with an organization that did advocacy for people with mental disabilities, and I self-identified as a mental health consumer in my cover letter. The lawyer that was screening the resumes talked to one of my references and said, “You know, Andy says he’s a mental health consumer, what can you tell me about that?” That was an illegal question under the ADA, and he was training other people around the country in how to comply with the ADA, and he violated it.
Andy Imparato: I was in DC interviewing for other jobs. I asked them if they wanted to talk to me. They had me come in, and we went through the whole interview. They never asked about me being a mental health consumer. So at the end, I said, “I just want to take this opportunity to answer any questions. I know you talked to one of my references. Is there any questions you have for me?” The lawyer that had violated the ADA didn’t say anything. The other lawyer looked nervous, and she said, “Well is there anything you want to tell us?” I started telling them about my experience with bipolar disorder. I tried to link it to the mission of the organization. The other lawyer said, “Oh come on Andy. We all see a therapist. Why is that relevant?”
Andy Imparato: I saw that as a challenge that my disability wasn’t real, or significant. So I talked about aspects of it that I wouldn’t normally talk about in a job interview to try to get over that hurdle. Then it was like a light bulb went off, and she saw I really was bipolar, and she talked about a staff person they had had who was bipolar who was inappropriate at staff meetings. So in her mind, I either wasn’t really disabled, or I was so disabled that I was no longer qualified or desirable for the job.
Andy Imparato: So that’s one form of ableism where we make people get over one hurdle, and then immediately go into the category of unqualified. You forget the fact that I went to Stanford Law School. You forget that I did a prestigious clerkship and fellowship, but now I’m just the bipolar person who’s going to be inappropriate at staff meetings. That’s an example of the kind of fears, myths, and stereotypes connected to a diagnosis that you could call that ableism.
Jay Ruderman: There’ve been more, and more artists who’ve come out about mental health issues, whether they be athletes, or entertainers, singers, actors, there seems to have been a parade of well-known celebrities in our society coming out and talking about their own mental health, and the challenges. How do you see this as a mental health advocate? Is it a positive thing? Is it reducing stigma in our society?
Andy Imparato: I think it is. When you have prominent in people that have achieved success in their careers, talking about their mental health disabilities, it helps people understand that it’s possible to have a lot of success professionally, and live with a mental health disability. It makes it easier for the next person to be open, including people that aren’t celebrities.
Jay Ruderman: Let’s talk a little bit about the disability community, because the figures that I’ve seen is that universally 20% of our population has some form of a disability. Yet, there’s a lot of fractionalization within the disability community, people tend to identify by their disability. Talk a little bit about your experience working, especially in Washington, with a very fractured disability community. I guess, my follow-up question is how can we reach our potential? How can the disability community be more powerful?
Andy Imparato: When I worked for Senator Harkin the first time in the early ’90s, when he was the chair of the Disability Policies Sub-Committee in the senate, and again, Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy was the chair of the full committee, his staff director Bobby Silverstein said to me, “We have three goals in this sub-committee, keep the disability community together, keep the disability community together, and keep the disability together.” From his perspective, and chairman Harkin’s perspective, the only way we were going to be effective in doing disability policy is if we found ways to keep the disability community from fighting with each other.
Andy Imparato: We tried to pick issues that could bring people together. We tried to resolve conflict, and bring people around a table, and find ways forward that everybody could live with. We did not want open conflict to be playing out on the hill, because we knew it would get in the way of legislative accomplishments. In some ways, I feel like the Americans with Disabilities Act was a highpoint in terms of the community coming together, and staying together around a pretty complicated bill that had a lot of compromises built into it. I think that was a testament to Senator Harkin, Bobby Silverstein, Tony Coelho, the people that worked on that bill found a way, Pat Wright, you know, from the outside, was working for the Disability Rights Education Defense Fund, they found a way to resolve conflicts within the community for the most part. The community was pretty supportive of the legislation, certainly when it passed.
Andy Imparato: Again, for me this comes back to leadership. I think we need leadership in the disability movement that knows how to bring people together, but I feel like every civil rights group has fights within the group. I don’t think it’s unique to disability. We are very diverse. Sometimes the issues for one part of the community create issues for another part of the community. I think a good example of that is curb cuts. When we put in curb cuts for people in wheelchairs, there were blind people that were put at risk because they were using the curb with their cane to know when they were about to walk into the street. We had to figure out a workaround. Now we have curb cuts that have bumps in the curb cuts so the blind person will know.
Andy Imparato: I think generally if people trust each other, and love, and respect each other, you can work out differences. It does require taking the time to build relationships.
Jay Ruderman: Let me ask you a question about another division I see in the community. When I’ve met with members of congress in general talked about the disability community, and they will relate to me that some activists will come and ask about benefits, and some activists will come and ask about rights. They’re both important, I mean, people need benefits in order to survive, but they need rights in order to prosper in society. How do you see that division? How could we bridge the gaps there?
Andy Imparato: I think the ADA has a vision that people with disabilities should be able to participate fully in all aspects of life. I think the healthiest way to think about benefits is what are the supports that people need to be able to participate fully in all aspects of life? The benefit system that we have now, which dates back … the definition of Disability and Social Security Act dates back to 1956. It has this bizarre notion that the only people who should get supports from the government are people who can’t work. Most people with disabilities want to work, but we have a benefit system that was designed to support people who can’t work.
Andy Imparato: The whole concept of not being able to work because of your disability is 1950s thinking. Our field has evolved. The real question is what are we willing to do to support somebody to work in a competitive environment? Are we willing to provide a job coach if that’s what the person needs? Are we willing to provide assistive technology? Are we willing to provide carving out a job around the abilities and skills, and interests of the employee? I think I’ve spent a lot of time and energy trying to change the definition of disability in Social Security Act, because I do think that creates a serious problem in terms of people not being able to work to their full potential.
Jay Ruderman: Do we still have organizations within the disability community that are supporting a sub-minimum wage for people with disabilities who are working, and others who are fighting against a sub-minimum wage?
Andy Imparato: Yeah, I mean, the way that I would frame that is there are, depending on whose numbers you believe, about 400,000 people working in environments that are segregated where their employer has a certificate, where they can pay them less than minimum wage if their productivity justifies being paid less than minimum wage. The people that are advocating to move away from sub-minimum wage in my organization, AUCD is one of them, we feel that sub-minimum wage is inherently wrong, and that the whole concept of a minimum wage is that everybody who works should be paid a federally guaranteed minimum wage, which is what we’ve established is the least amount that you could pay somebody and not exploit them.
Andy Imparato: The folks that are advocating that we’re not ready to move away from sub-minimum wage, in my experience, they don’t necessarily love sub-minimum wage, they’re worried that if you take away that option, that those people that are working in those environments, a good number of them are not going to move into a competitive job, they’re going to move into adult daycare, or day-habilitation, or whatever the terminology you want to use. But they’re basically not going to have any work.
Jay Ruderman: Are they advocating for more gradual approach?
Andy Imparato: Yeah. I think people that I have a lot of respect for, like Senator Casey, are advocating for a gradual approach. They want to have a process for moving people out of segregated settings where they’re paid less than minimum wage into competitive jobs, and the right supports around them so that they can be successful.
Jay Ruderman: There’s a lot of talk about intersectionality in our society. How does the disability rights movement fit into intersectionality? Are we an effective part of the conversation?
Andy Imparato: Well, as I understand that term, it was originally developed by an African American woman who was talking about being a woman, and a racial minority, and some of the unique challenges that come from those two marginalized, or discriminated against groups. As a white male with a disability, I don’t know that I’m an expert on intersectionality, but the way that I think of it, in terms of our modern disability movement is there are more activists of color with disabilities who have a stronger voice, in part because of social media. People like Alice Wong, or Valisa Thompson, or other folks that have used these platforms to really shine a spotlight on issues that weren’t getting the level of attention without social media.
Andy Imparato: Like one area where I see it playing out is in the autism community. There are a lot of autistic activists who are also transgender, or members of the LGBT community. I’m seeing a stronger alliance between our movement and the LGBT movement in part because there are so many autistic people who are engaged actively in both movements. That to me feels healthy. I think there’s still room for improvement in terms of civil rights groups affirmatively recruiting people with disabilities who are part of their group to work for their organizations, and reflect that perspective. I feel like there’s an opportunity in the broader civil rights community to embrace disability, and there’s an opportunity for the disability community to be more intentional about embracing people from diverse backgrounds.
Jay Ruderman: In social justice, often disability is left out, is the onus on the overall social justice movement? Or is the onus on the disability community to be more included in that movement?
Andy Imparato: I mean, my feeling is that we as disability activists need to be present and heard from in every social justice movement. We exist in every social justice movement, we need to assert our place and draw connections between whatever the issue is, and the organizations that we work for that we’re part of, and disability issues. Immigration’s a good example, there are lots of immigrants with disabilities who are going to be affected by this public charge rule that the White House has supported. It’s a rule that’s basically designed to exclude people with disabilities from coming into the country if there’s a chance that you’re going to be on benefits, we don’t want you as a citizen. That’s a disability issue, and an immigration issue. I think there’s a real opportunity for the disability community to work with immigrants’ rights communities to make sure that we don’t have this kind of discrimination in our immigration policy.
Jay Ruderman: Andy, one last question about the political power of the disability community. We know that special interest groups and minority groups carry a lot of influence in our political system, and I’m not talking about democrats and republicans, but just overall influencing our country. If 20% of our country has some form of a disability, how do you see the community coming together and really elevating its political impact?
Andy Imparato: Well, I think some of it has to do with what do we mean when we say the disability community? If you mean people who are protected by the Americans with Disabilities Act, and their families, it’s a huge population. Most of the people protected by the ADA don’t self-identify as a person with a disability and don’t have a strong disability identity. I feel like one of the things we have to do is come up with language that brings people together around that identity. One of the things I did when I was at APD, is I started talking about people with disabilities and chronic health conditions, because most people with chronic health conditions were protected by the ADA, but they were more comfortable calling their thing a chronic health condition, then they were calling it a disability.
Andy Imparato: I mean, this is a communications issue, it’s a marketing issue. We have to come up with a way of talking about the population that we mean when we say disability community, so that they think that they’re part of the population, and they’re willing to connect with each other around the issues. The Affordable Care Act could be an opportunity. There are pre-existing conditions, people with pre-existing conditions are protected by the Americans with Disabilities Act, but they may be more comfortable calling themselves people with pre-existing conditions than they are people with disabilities. There may be an opportunity if you look at the midterms, health care was the big issue for a lot of democratic candidates who won. If we can organize this pre-existing condition population as a political force that may become an opportunity to get a lot more people engaged on disability than we’ve been able to so far.
Jay Ruderman: I think supporting disability rights is something that everyone can get behind, not just because of self-interest, but because it’s the right thing to do, and people with disabilities are a large segment of our population, but I’ve heard it been said many times, that the disability community is the one community that most of us, if we live long enough, will join. There’s also a self-interest in supporting disability rights because as we age, or at any moment, anyone of us can develop a disability.
Andy Imparato: Yeah, that’s right. I mean, if you think about how we sold the health care bill when President Obama was working on it, he talked about covering the uninsured, and he talked about bending the cost-curve that we were spending too much money on health care, and this would help us rein in the cost. What I think would have been more effective is to say we need a health care system that’s there for you when you need it the most.
Andy Imparato: Elizabeth Warren, when she was a law professor at Harvard called me once when I was AAPD just to make sure that I knew that one half of personal bankruptcies were people that couldn’t afford their health care bills. We can say you’re all going to become a person with a disability at some point, but I think a lot of people are going to have a hard time understanding that. But we can say we need policies in place so that if you do find yourself in a situation where you have $100,000 health care bills, you’re not going to have to declare bankruptcy to get the health care that you need to survive.
Andy Imparato: That’s a disability issue, but it’s also a human issue. I think that’s what you’re getting at. We’re all human. We’re all going to find ourselves benefiting from accessibility whether we call ourselves people with disabilities or not. So let’s create a human-friendly policy so that everybody can participate no matter what happens to them.
Jay Ruderman: Well thank you Andy Imparato. You’re a wise man. I appreciate you coming on the podcast, and disseminating some of your advice and experience. Look forward to working with you in the future.
Andy Imparato: Thank you Jay. It’s my pleasure.Holiday Parties
Book your school fundraisers and holiday parties at Whispering Pines Golf and Banquets! Click on the menu image below to go directly to the Holiday Party page.
Looking for somewhere to book your Holiday office or family party? Look no further! Here at Whispering Pines, we can take care of all the details, so you can relax and enjoy your holiday! Please give our Banquet coordinator a call at (734)878-0009 or go to our Banquet tab for more information.
An Amazing Wedding Venue
Whispering Pines is also one of the premier wedding venues in Livingston county. The ceremony and reception venue is next to Ann Arbor and the rustic feel and amazing architecture will amaze your wedding party!
Banquets Open Year round
The golf course wedding venue is open year round with great specials for holiday parties, discounted wedding receptions and more!
Partners of Pinckney Schools!
We love our Pinckney Pirates! Here at Whispering Pines Golf course, we are honored to be a partner with the Pinckney Community Schools. Our involvement with the schools includes, but is not limited to: golf outings, fundraising events, sports and awards banquets, and more.WELCOME TO OSCILLATE WILDLY PRESS.
Small publisher. Big ideas.
Is there a story in you?
Books don’t spring to life out of nowhere, even if it seems that way sometimes, to the author as much as the reader. Something ticks inside an individual’s mind that says: I want to write a book. So why do we write?
- A yearning to be recognised? For financial glory?
We hope not. You’ll probably be disappointed.
- Celebrity status?
Don’t think so. You want to connect with your audience, right? You can’t connect with readers if your stories have no soul.
Books come from somewhere else. That innate place inside us that doesn’t always make sense. Ideas swim within us like lonely little boats searching for a home, until – your ideas come together! You know what your ideas mean, what they’re trying to say. There’s no point making sense of this creative compulsion. It’s either there or it isn’t. But it’s worth digging a little deeper and putting pen to paper. Because your stories are worth telling. Because you are worthy to be recognised for your talent. Because there is a story within us all.
Oscillate Wildly Press nurtures this creative compulsion. All that glitters is not gold, but a hell of a lot of it is. Check out our submissions guidelines to get started. And remember – only you can tell your story. And you are worthy enough to tell it..308 RAW 80% Lower (2-pack) Fire/Safe Marked & Easy Jig Gen 2 with Tooling
$619.99 (You Save $100.00)
Free Shipping on all orders $325+!
Description
They say the best guns are built, not bought. That’s certainly the case when it comes to owning an AR chambered in .308, especially thanks to our latest two-for-one combo package. This two-pack of .308 80% lowers and the included Easy Jig with tooling make machining your own stripped lowers for your AR-10 build affordable, convenient, and easy.
Both included lowers are 80% machined and come with a raw finish – they just need some extra machining and a finish or coating of your choice before final assembly:
Platform: .308
Color: Raw – no anodization
DPMS Gen 1
Quantity: 2 (2-pack) Fire/Safe Marked & Easy Jig Gen 2 with Tooling
$619.99 (You Save $100.00)
Free Shipping on all orders $325+!Spanish and Portuguese Military History, Wargaming, and other stuff
Various ways to storage wargaming figures, terrain and bits n bobs.
After many years of sitting in the kitchen of our flat to paint, I now have a room all to myself. It isn’t big enough to wargame in, but it is big enough to store my kit and to paint in. My work colleagues, who get glimpses of it on Skype, call it the “Man Cave”.
Continue reading »..Light_Piercer
Light.
Instruction
Space Hawk
Top secret operation Light Piercer was now implemented. The Spaceship called Space Hawk fitted with plasma force shields repeatedly bounce a nuclear powered plasma wrecking ball called "Sharur" into the satellites destroying them one by one.
Controls
Move space Hawk left or right, by using the mouse.
Power Ball
Space Hawk also was fitted with Power Ball advanced weapon system. When activating Power Ball it would propel the Sharur Wrecking Ball vertically from any direction. Which is useful for accessing isolated satellites, or if a Sharur Wrecking Ball is about to be lost. But be aware every time you use Power Ball the price increases by £1000. There is only one Sharur Wrecking Ball if it drops below the screen everybody dies.
Controls
When the Powerball text turns red. Press the right mouse button to launch the Sharur Wrecking Ball vertically
Space Canaries
Space Hawk is Supported by spaceships called Space Canaries which can take a limited amount of damage. The Space Canaries will be piloted by death row prisoners, if the mission is successful, they will receive a full pardon.
Four levels
The more you ascend the Light Dam, the harder is to damage the satellites. The Light Dam is made up of four levels, each one tougher than the last. Each level contains a brick wall made up of satellites. Satellites have been deliberately set to garish colours to make it harder for you to concentrate on them.
The satellites can only be destroyed by the Sharur Wrecking Ball. Each level contains a timer once the timer reaches zero, Earth will freeze solid and everybody will die.
Boss judge Apate
The very top of Light Dam is where Boss Judge Apate lives.
Boss Judge Apate Artificial intelligence program is stored in the Satellites.
Boss Judge Apate which is protected by extreme gold plasma force Shields. This fight is not going to be easy It will test your skill endurance and accuracy to the Max. If you fail the whole life on earth will be extinct!
Hi guys this is my first game, I would like some Constructive feedback and bug reports.
I hope you all enjoy it.
Log in with itch.io to leave a comment.Dilip Buildcon Limited, one of India’s largest road construction companies, said it has qualified as the lowest bidder for yet another highway project, worth Rs 1,004 cr.
The Hybrid Annuity Project from the National Highways Authority of India is to upgrade a 15 km stretch of NH 75E in Madhya Pradesh.
The company will construct a road tunnel, a viaduct and the Churhat bypass of RewaSidhi section of the highway, it said.
The period of consruction is 48 months and the period of toll operation is 15 years.
The company bid Rs 742 cr from the NHAI for the project, and will spend an estimated Rs 1,004 cr.
This is the latest in a series of such wins for Dilip Buildcon.
On the last day of February, the company said it was awarded projects in Karnataka, followed by another three on March 1 in other states..Volo helps brands and retailers increase the quality, speed and revenue performance of their listings. Using the power of Volo AI, see how you can turn raw product data into retail ready listings today!
Find out how your ecommerce team can:
Book your Volo demo now and we will contact you shortly to book a convenient time.When the fight was stopped, the scorecards showed Andre Ward as a close winner. » READ: “Ward vs. Kovalev II: Simply Part II of the First Bout”
Andre Ward-Adonis Stevenson: A fight that has to happen-
Although Andre Ward doesn’t seem too overly enthused at the idea of taking a fight with Adonis Stevenson – preferring to ponder a move to cruiserweight, maybe even heavyweight – a clash between the two light-heavyweight rulers remains of interest to the fans. » READ: “Andre Ward-Adonis Stevenson: A fight that has to happen”
Andre Ward Vs. Anthony Joshua!? You’ve gotta be kidding, Virgil Hunter-
Is it a joke, or is the joke on us – or will it be? » READ: “Andre Ward Vs. Anthony Joshua!? You’ve gotta be kidding, Virgil Hunter”
Chapter 3 The Gift of Adjustment – Ward vs Kovalev-
We have brought conclusion in a manner their earlier engagement did not offer us, in its bitter end. » READ: “Chapter 3 The Gift of Adjustment – Ward vs Kovalev”
Andre Ward insists he’s “serious” about possibility of moving up to cruiserweight, heavyweight-
It’s all about Andre Ward right now, with the unbeaten, unified light-heavyweight king under the spotlight in one huge way. » READ: “Andre Ward insists he’s “serious” about possibility of moving up to cruiserweight, heavyweight”
Ward vs. Kovalev: The Low Blow-
The worst type of body shots land below the belt. A good body shot always hurts even when it’s legal and it hurts worse and longer than the usual head bang. » READ: “Ward vs. Kovalev: The Low Blow”
Video: Sergey Kovalev vs Andre Ward – Post Fight Recap-
The highly anticipated rematch between undefeated unified WBA/IBF/WBO light heavyweight world champion Andre Ward and former champion Sergey Kovalev did not fail to live up to expectations. » READ: “Video: Sergey Kovalev vs Andre Ward – Post Fight Recap”
Andre Ward hit Sergey Kovalev low more than once, but would he have have beaten him anyway?-
It seems that controversy, of one kind or another, is always going to rear its head when light-heavyweights Andre Ward and Sergey Kovalev fight. » READ: “Andre Ward hit Sergey Kovalev low more than once, but would he have have beaten him anyway?”
Andre Ward beats Sergey Kovalev with low blows-
Chapter two of Sergey “Krusher” Kovalev vs. Andre “S.O.G.” Ward drama ended in another controversial loss for Kovalev. » READ: “Andre Ward beats Sergey Kovalev with low blows”
Andre Ward stops Sergey Kovalev in rematch – Results-
Andre Ward vs. Sergey Kovalev 2: “The Rematch” took place on Saturday, June 17 at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas. » READ: “Andre Ward stops Sergey Kovalev in rematch – Results”
- « Previous Page
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
- 5
- 6
- …
- 29
- Next Page »6733 Skyview Drive, OAKLAND
MLS® # 40854958
NEWS FLASH: It's finally here. S K Y V I E W . . . The most amazing and stunning collection of new homes is now available. S K Y V I E W is a brand new collection of homes where executive living reaches new heights. This prestigious Oakland Hills location boasts breathtaking. Home is UNDER CONSTRUCTION, so please do call Discovery Homes direct for your personal viewing appointment today and view our beautiful models homes!
Enclosed Garage, Garage Parking, Space Per Unit - 2, Guest Parking, Below Building Parking
Enclosed Garage, Garage Parking, Space Per Unit - 2, Guest Parking, Below Building Parking
Bay, Other, Bay Bridge, City Lights, Downtown, Golden Gate Bridge, Panoramic, San Francisco
Fireplace Insert, Gas Burning, Living Room, Other
Stucco, Dual Pane Windows, Wood Siding
New Construct-To Be Built, New Construct - Completed
MLS® # 40854958
MLS® # 408540.Commentary with Winston Barnes: Reggae Music
SOUTH FLORIDA – A number of truly significant developments over the last few days argue well for Jamaican popular culture and reggae music.
There is much to celebrate over Dalton Harris’ victory at the X-Factor contest in England. As in the case of Tessanne chin five years ago, the young Harris confirmed what many Jamaicans have known for generations; Jamaica produces incredibly talented singers and players of instruments, as well, as the current movie ‘green book” about a Jamaican pianist attests.
Dalton Harris
I am submitting, however, the more significant achievement is in UNESCO, an agency of the United Nations accepting reggae music as being a valuable cultural artifact, worthy of international protection.
We need to be clear about the protection which has been rendered. This accolade does not mean nobody else can record reggae. It does not mean no one can “steal” reggae music in the sense of creating reggae recordings.
What it does is tell the world that reggae music is a unique, Jamaican creation which nobody else can claim as coming from them or their country.
For this to make sense the history of popular music in this country needs to be understood.
Virtually all forms of popular music in the U.S. originated in the black experience. Rock and roll is really speeded blues, period. Attempts have been made over the years however, to make it seem otherwise.
After last week, nobody can claim reggae music was created by anyone else or came from nowhere but JAMAICA!
Voice your opinion on the “Open Line” with Winston Barnes daily on WAVS 1170AM or on-line
Winston Barnes Host – “Open Line” WAVS 1170AM
Photo Credit: Leroy “Dreamy” Riley
Connect
Connect with us on the following social media platforms.Kawaii Grocery Stickers - Planner Stickers - Decorative - Disorderly Planner Stickers
Regular price
$1.55
Sale
Scoop up this sheet of our #ButterySoftPlannerStickers which are a cute reminder to adult and go grocery shopping!
You will receive our 4X4 inches sheet containing 20 stickers!
• Listing is for ONE sheet measuring approximately 4"X:NIOSHTIC-2 Publications Search
Fire injuries: current status in Massachusetts.
Authors
Massachusetts Department of Public Health
Source
Boston, MA: Massachusetts Department of Public Health, 2006 Sep; :1-8
NIOSHTIC No.
20042578
Abstract
Fires are a public health concern in Massachusetts and across the nation. In the two-year period 2002 and 2003, there were 147 deaths due to fires and an additional 415 hospitalizations and 3,638 emergency department visits for nonfatal fire injuries among MA residents. Of these fire-related injuries, 8.4% of the hospitalizations and 19.3% of emergency department visits were work related. Most fire deaths in MA are due to fires in residential structures. In 2003, residential fires accounted for 77% of the fire deaths reported to the Office of the State Fire Marshal. The leading cause of the fires in these fire deaths was smoking (36%). In 2003, three groups in MA experienced the highest rates of fire-related injuries: 1) males (compared with females), 2) residents ages 65 years and older (compared with other age groups), and 3) Blacks (compared with other race/ethnic groups). The total combined charges for acute care hospital stays and emergency department visits associated with fire injuries exceeded $20 million in fiscal year 2003. Fire injuries are a public health concern in Massachusetts and across the nation. These injuries are preventable through proven technologies and environmental changes. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have a stated goal of eliminating residential fire deaths by the year 2020, through a coordinated effort with the U.S. Fire Administration, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and other non-governmental organizations. Nationally, in 2003, more than $726 million of the $1.6 billion of the hospital charges for treatment of burn victims was billed to Medicare and Medicaid.1 This bulletin examines the magnitude of fire injuries in MA, the groups at highest risk, the major causes of these injuries, and the current evidence-based prevention strategies.
Keywords
Fire-hazards; Injuries; Accidents; Statistical-analysis; Traumatic-injuries; Smoking; Humans; Men; Women; Age-groups; Racial-factors; Sociological-factors; Acute-exposure; Exposure-levels; Risk-factors; Burns
Massachusetts Department of Public Health, Center for Health Information, Statistics, Research and Evaluation, Occupational Health Surveillance Program, 250 Washington Street, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02108
Publication Date
20061201
Document Type
Other
Funding Type
Cooperative Agreement
Fiscal Year
2007
Identifying No.
Cooperative-Agreement-Number-U60-OH-008490; Cooperative-Agreement-Number-U01-OH-007302
Priority Area
Healthcare and Social Assistance
Source Name
Fire injuries: current status in Massachusetts
State
MA
Performing Organization
Massachusetts State Department of Public Health
Page last reviewed: March 11, 2019
Content source: National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health Education and Information DivisionCape Town - Alt-right lobby group AfriForum has released an Afrikaans music video starring five local singers including former Boo! singer Chris Chameleon.
According to the group’s YouTube page the song is a musical composition of “Die Gelofte” - an oath that was written by Sarel Cilliers in 1838 before the Battle of Blood River.
The battle was fought between the pioneers (voortrekkers) and Zulu warriors on the banks of the Ncome River on 16 December 1838.
"The song is about the pioneers and their dependence on God in a time of despondency and uncertainty about the future," the description of the video reads.
The video stars Adam Tas, Chris Chameleon, Ghapi, Juan Boucher and Christoph Kotze (known as Appel).
Chameleon used to be lead vocalist of the "monki punk", cross-dressing local band Boo!. The band disbanded in 2004 and briefly reunited in 2010.
Today 16 December in South Africa is celebrated as Day of Reconciliation - commemorating the end of apartheid and promoting national unity.
WATCH THE VIDEOFall is at our doorstep, and winter is just an icy wind away. As our days of enjoying the sun come to a close for the year, the door to a healthier you remains wide open. If you suffer from any type of tooth abnormality, it could be affecting everything from your oral health to your eating habits, and even your sleep patterns. Clear braces like Invisalign® are a great option to ensure better teeth alignment, and a better you. There are many benefits to getting orthodontic aligners, and even more so to switch to clear ones:
Benefits of Invisalign orthodontic clear braces:– They are 100% customizable– Smooth, comfortable, patented thermoplastic aligners– Better smile with less social stigma of “metal-mouth”– Straight teeth easier to clean than crooked teeth– Easier cleaning; aligners are easily removable for eating or cleaning– No food restrictions– Invisalign braces are virtually invisible– Simplifies oral hygiene and bite problems– Healthier teeth and gums
Compared to traditional braces:– Wire can poke and irritate mouth– Less expensive– Lots of food restrictions– Can break while being worn, potentially causing serious damage to your gums– Harder to brush and floss effectively– Require brackets and wires– Stigma of metal-mouth look, which can lower self-esteem and cause anxiety, teens and adults alike
As the weather turns for the worse, don’t let your oral hygiene do the same. Please call Dr. Jose-Luis Ruiz, DDS & Associates, Inc. at 818-558-4332 to talk to a member of our team. You can also stop by our office in Burbank, California. Let us help keep you smiling all year long.
©2019 Dr. Ruiz & Associates
Designed by ProSites.comNEW YORK -- A former social services official who gained national prominence as "Father of the Year" in 1983 for adopting at least 35 handicapped or troubled children said yesterday that he was trying to negotiate a plea bargain in his sexual-abuse case.
Gregory Watts, a lawyer for the defendant, Kodzo Dobosu, told Justice Frederic S. Berman of State Supreme Court in Manhattan that he and Assistant District Attorney Nancy Patterson were "exploring discussions aimed at a possible disposition of this case."
Mr. Dobosu had repeatedly maintained that he was not guilty and that the charges against him were a racially biased prosecution, in speaking at numerous rallies and news conferences that followed his arrest on May 21, 1991, on charges of sexually abusing three of his adopted children .
After conferring privately in Judge Berman's chambers, the sides failed to reach an agreement.
Outside court, Mr. Dobosu, who is free on bail, admitted he was negotiating a plea bargain but declined to give any details.
Prosecutors who insisted on anonymity said they had offered Mr. Dobosu an arrangement under which he would either plead guilty to a misdemeanor and serve six months in jail or plead guilty to a felony without having to serve any prison sentence.
The prosecutors declined to say why they were not seeking a stiffer penalty. But they explained that a felony plea would prevent Mr. Dobosu from ever adopting another child.
The charges came from a 14-year-old adopted daughter, who testified that Mr. Dobosu had sexually fondled her, from an adopted son who said that Mr. Dobosu had poured hot tea on his genitals, and from an adopted daughter who said he poured hot sauce on her genitals.
Six months after the first charges, Mr. Dobosu, 52, was also indicted in the theft of $11,000 in New York City child-care funds intended for a child who was no longer under his care. The plea-bargain under discussion involves all the charges against Mr. Dobosu, prosecutors said.
The charges against Mr. Dobosu generated new demands for an investigation of the city's child welfare system and pressure to repeal a state law that permits city welfare officials to invoke a cloak of secrecy in refusing to provide any information about a child under their supervision.
Ever since Mr. Dobosu was arrested, the city's Department of Social Services has refused to provide any information about Mr. Dobosu or explain how he obtained hundreds of thousands of dollars in city adoption subsidies without strong safeguards.
At Family Court hearings last summer, several of Mr. Dobosu's adopted children testified that they had been sexually abused repeatedly. And welfare officials said that when they arrived at a four-story building in Manhattan last May and removed the remaining children under Mr. Dobosu's care, in May 1991, they found a scene of filth and squalor.2019 David Reed Memorial
Staff
Assistant Tournament DirectorClay Beilfuss
About this tournament
2 rounds of 20 holes at beautiful West Main Park in memory of our fallen brother David Reed. We are here to celebrate the life of a brother who loved life and this sport like no other!!! Dave started this tournament called the Main Street Mandatory 4 years ago and was the frontman of Skulls Disc Golf Brotherhood. He made the quality of all our lives better!! This day is for our brother!
Refund policy
Skulls Disc Golf Brotherhood is responsible for all refunds/cancelations.
Location
Batavia, IL Get DirectionsSegensworth Business Forum (SBF) represents the interests, concerns and issues of all businesses on the Segensworth Industrial Estates.
A single and coordinated voice, we work on behalf of everyone, lobbying for better services and increased funding to make our Estates a better place to work. SBF has been here for your business since July 2005.
Whether your company is big or small, being a member of the SBF means we work to make Segensworth better, together. We're here to make issues heard and make improvements that suit your business needs. To learn about how we work for you, every day, read more here.
From May 2007 we have been a Business Improvement District (BID) enabling the forum to implement a range of specific projects funded through a levy on the business rates. Read more about BID.
Read our Business Plan
Our plan for the new BID proposal is now available.
Click the link below to download.
A Business Improvement District enables groups of businesses to join together and commission improvement projects. Covering the four Segensworth Estates – north, south, east and west – your BID is managed by Segensworth Business Forum Ltd. The Segensworth BID generates an income through a levy of 1p in the pound of rateable value for each business ratepayer. Since 2007 SBF has delivered significant improvements that have enhanced the trading environment for our business community. In 2012 and again in 2017 businesses on the estate voted to continue with an increased mandate.
Mission
SBF is here to bring genuine improvements and value to the business community on the Segensworth Estates. We've been with you since 2005, and thanks to your votes in 2007, 2012 and again in 2017, you've given us the opportunity to make a real difference.
What's our mission? To transform the Segensworth Business Estates into Hampshire's premier industrial estate. A place customers love to visit and employees are happy to work, where crime is low and where the business community is exactly that: a community.
200 businesses. 6,500 people. One voice.
Latest Events
FIRE WARDEN COURSE
25 Barnes Wallis Road, Segensworth East, PO15 5TT, 30-04-2019
EMERGENCY FIRST AID COURSE
25 Barnes Wallis Road, Segensworth East, PO15 5TT, 29-05-2019
Useful Links
Websites you might find of interest plus local information.
Defibrillators for public use now on the estates.
For more information, download the link below.I was born and raised in Vancouver and have lived in Victoria since 1988. My wife and I have 3 kids in their 20’s who, among everything else kids do, all played soccer and baseball from the time they were 5 years old. So on cumulative basis, I’ve coached or watched over 90 seasons of kids sports – and if I had to do it all over again I wouldn’t change a thing.
I’m a huge NFL fan (49ers), enjoy any beach that has a Corona on it, play the bagpipes, and have the nicest lawn in the neighborhood. And I have a gray cat named Goose.
I’ve been the marketing guy for three of Steve Clarks’ companies over a span of more than 25 years and have enjoyed (almost) every minute of it. Although the internet has dramatically changed marketing over this period, there is one basic marketing philosophy I’ve used that has never changed – be diligent in understanding your customers’ needs, attitudes, behaviors, and values. This way, as a marketer, you’ll be able to think like a customer. It’s simple and it works.Taxi driver who drowned Saturday in flash floods has been identified
A driver talks about getting caught in the deep water. David R. Lutman/Special to Courier Journal, Louisville Courier Journal
A Yellow Cab taxi driver who was killed Saturday night in Louisville after being caught in flash floods has been identified.
Abdinasir Siyat, 40, of Louisville, drowned around 11:30 p.m. Saturday after his vehicle was stranded under the railroad overpass at 13th and Oak streets and he was unable to escape, according to the Jefferson County Coroner's Office.
"The Yellow Cab family is deeply saddened by the loss of one of our good friends and drivers," the cab service tweeted Sunday. "We ask for your thoughts and prayers for his family and for the entire Somalian community as we grieve with this horrific tragedy."
Nearby at Ninth and Oak streets, at least six cars were stranded in high water near the Highway 60 overpass about 10:30 p.m.
Background: Louisville taxi driver drowns after flash floods sink car
Read this: Record-breaking rainfall causes flooding, wreaks havoc in Louisville
A MetroSafe supervisor said Sunday that the agency had received at least 70 calls for water rescues to save people stranded in vehicles.
The Louisville area was under a flash flood warning until 12:15 a.m. Sunday. That came after a severe thunderstorm warning for east central Jefferson County that ended at 9:30 p.m. Saturday.
Louisville International Airport recorded 3.02 inches of rain Saturday night, according to the National Weather Service. It set a new daily rainfall record for that day, breaking the record of 1.67 inches, which occurred Sept. 8, 1876..Denmark Immigration for Indians under the Green Card Scheme
One of the most contemporary and beneficial Immigration programs around the world is the Danish Green Card scheme. This is a points-based Danish Immigration system that allows anyone to migrate to Denmark to live and work in the country.
Denmark Immigration for Indians is possible if they can score a minimum of 100 points based on their age, work experience, education and language skills. Upon scoring 100 points or more in these criteria, Indians can migrate to Denmark and obtain a residence permit which is valid for up to 18 months.
One of the most popular benefits of the Danish Green Card for Indians is that the immediate family can accompany the main applicant. In addition to scoring the mandatory 100 points or more, proof of funds to support the main applicant and any accompanying family members and a valid health insurance policy are also necessary to obtain a Denmark Green Card.
Another benefit of Denmark Immigration for Indians via the Green Card scheme is, Denmark Permanent Residency. A person who applies for and gets a Danish Green Card is considered a permanent resident of the country. After staying in Denmark for a certain number of years, a Denmark Green Card Holder is eligible to apply for the Citizenship of the country.
For more updates follow us @ FacebookI don’t always feel like sunshine
December 4th, 2008 by narcoleptic_daydream
Reading the other posts here made me cry, at work, hard.
I feel so much pain and sympathy for the other people here. I don’t know how much it helps, but writing this so far has felt good.
I am not going to say too many personal things. You never know who may be watching.
I am 28 years old. I have had depression since I was about 13. It comes and goes. I think the longest period I ever had without the black sadness was about 5 months long and 6 years ago.
In the last 2 years things have just been going so wrong. I was diagnosed with narcolepsy last march and lost one of my favorite family members last august. He was only a year older than me and the closest thing I ever had to a sibling. I then spent 4 months in isolation in the middle of the desert trying to take care of my sociopathic grandmother. At this time I lost most of my supposed “friends” and my boyfriend of 8 years broke up with me saying that he just didn’t have time for me.
I lost almost 20 pounds at that time ( I weighed 90 pounds and was a size 1). Grieved alone. Felt alone. I wanted to die. I still want to die. I hooked up with an ex-lover from high school and went through all the psychodrama that is the result of driving backwards in your life.
Now I am working a crappy job, living in a crappy apartment, and I feel like everything is spiraling out of control. I am in constant pain from physical abuse I endured throughout my childhood and with an awful boyfriend in high school. I feel at a dead end in my life. I can’t see things getting better, in fact they have gotten harder.
I know that all these problems are my own and that they are the result of the stupid choices that I made. Thank you for listening…..DeLaca Island (The name as it would appear in a gazetteer)
DeLaca U-shaped island 0.8 mi W of Bonaparte Point, off the SW coast of Anvers Island. The island is one of two main investigation areas in a USARP study of terrestrial arthropods. Named by US-ACAN for Ted E. DeLaca, a member of the University of California, Davis, biological team working this area, 1971-74.
No images of this place could be found.
Biodiversity
View fauna, flora or both within 1.0 degree of this location
Place names
View American or international place names within 1.0 degree of this location.Morgan & Morgan founder, John Morgan, is branching the law firm’s attention in the field of commercial contingency litigation. These are cases where a business is suing another business, where, in the end, payment is only given to the party who wins.
Morgan indicate he has plans on adding 50 more lawyers in the commercial litigation field over the next several years.
Vehicle accident cases have decreased since modern technology have made cars safer. Prompting more focus on commercial litigation.
Morgan is currently raising and spending millions of dollars to give support to the ballot initiative in legalizing medical marijuana use in Florida.
The law firm is still dealing with a number of personal injury cases where it stemmed its name from. But Morgan said his firm’s size makes it capable in tackling commercial contingency cases. Morgan & Morgan is the biggest personal injury law firm in the country, with nearly 300 lawyers23ct Edible Gold Leaf 2 leaves & Edible Silver Leaf 2 leaves 50 x 50mm
SKU: 2SHEETS2 leaves of 23ct Edible Gold Leaf PLUS 2 leaves of Silver Leaf 50 x 50mm
£3.95 £4.74
In stock
SKU
2SHEETS
Special Envelope comprising of 2 leaves of 50 x 50mm of 23ct Edible Gold Leaf PLUS 2 sheets of 50 x 50 mm of Genuine Silver Leaf. This will give you the choice of a gold or silver garnish or maybe even both!! or place on the dinner table for your guest to choose their own finishing.
Write Your Own Review
Create New AccountMuch Awaited Car
The Traffic scenario in most of the metros across the country is really bad and is worsening further. With pathetic Public transport in most of the places, commuters have to sort to for personal / owned transport. A small car is needed and with petrol prices soaring and the petrol vehicles giving lower mileage, a small diesel car from a reputed reliable manufacturer was the need of the hour. Eyes were on Honda hoping they would launch the Brio hatchback in diesel. Elegant design, great features and a proven model of Hyundai has rung the right bell at the right time, in fact the perfect time. A trump card you can say Hyundai should definitely have sales which they can boast about.
- 8 Likes
- 4 Dislikes
Other Grand i10 2016-2017 Reviews
wait and see - update
Look and Style: Great. Comfort: Ride quality is really good. AC quick and is more than adequate. Pickup: Though many of the online reviews says that the highway perform... Have you experienced any issues concerning 401k? You can locate lawyers residing in North Carolina with a concentration on 401k. Receive council from accomplished 401k Lawyers and gain knowledge and information before making crucial decisions. Our extensive listing of lawyers can assist you in any part of North Carolina and help advise you on how to deal with all of your legal issues. Contact a knowledgeable North Carolina 401k Lawyer and get help today!Our durable, moisture-wicking Dry Zone polo – now with UV protection. An exceptional value, this breathable mesh polo also resists snags.
- Comes with your choice of embroidered logo
- Brand: Port Authority
- 4.5 ounce 100% Polyester double knit pique – Silky sports material
- UPF rating of 30
- Tag-free label
- Flat knit collar
- 3-button placket with pearlized buttons
- Set-in, open hem sleeves
- Side vents
Comes in 12 colors
Available in sizes S-3XL
Size Chart:
- Small • Chest 19 3/4″, Sleeve Length 18 1/2″, Body length at Back 29″
- Medium • Chest 21 1/4″”, Sleeve Length 19 1/4″, Body Length at Back 30″
- Large • Chest 22 3/4″, Sleeve Length 20″, Body Length at Back 31″
- X-Large • Chest 24 1/4″, Sleeve Length 20 3/4″, Body Length at Back 32″
- 2X-Large • Chest 25 3/4″, Sleeve Length 21 1/2″, Body Length at Back 33″
- 3X-Large • Chest 27 1/4″, Sleeve Length 22 1/4″, Body Length at Back 33 1/2″
- 4x-Large • Chest 29 3/4″, Sleeve Length 23 3/4″, Body Length at Back 34″
Chest – Measured across the chest one inch below armhole when laid flat.
Sleeve Length – Start at center of neck and measure down shoulder, down sleeve to hem
Body length at back – Measured from high point of shoulder from the back.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.In the lead up to his newest book, With Their Bare Hands, Gene Fax examines the strange paradox of US-invented machine guns.
One of the paradoxes of World War I is that almost all of the machine guns used were invented by Americans, beginning as early as 30 years before the war; yet the US Army largely ignored the weapon until the early 1910s and did not purchase meaningful numbers of them until after it entered the war. This three-part article describes the development of most of the important models, why they were ignored or rejected by the Army, and how the American Expeditionary Forces eventually acquired this most important infantry weapon.
Early machine guns – multi-barrel types like the Gatling and Gardner guns and the French mitrailleuse – were too unwieldy and temperamental to serve as general-purpose weapons. They were heavy and traveled on wheels or mules, which compromised the flexibility and mobility of infantry and cavalry. They had to be hand-cranked and could not be traversed, and were usually assigned to artillery batteries, which were unfamiliar with their use. In the Franco-Prussian War they were largely ineffective, which led to a bias against rapid-firing weapons in general.
The economic, social, and technological circumstances of the United States in the 19th century led its inventors to be the first to seek a fully automated, rapid-firing gun. A century-long labor shortage impelled capitalists to substitute machinery for human effort in almost every industry. This led to continuous improvements in materials, standards, and production processes, which usually showed up first in the manufacture of firearms. The dependence on machinery created a culture of investment, risk-taking, and a readiness to automate any process. In this case, it was the process of killing.
Hiram Maxim began his career as a mechanic and machinist in Maine, where he developed his inventing skills. Working as an engineer for a number of companies, he became an expert in gas lighting and quickly graduated to electrical systems. Sent by his US employer in 1881 to demonstrate its wares at a Paris exhibition, he found such a ready market that he relocated to Europe, opening a London subsidiary and eventually becoming a British subject.
Maxim got the idea for a machine gun while taking target practice with a high-powered Springfield rifle. He realized that the recoil force that bruised his shoulder could be used to operate a mechanism that would reload and fire the weapon repeatedly. Setting up a small workshop, he was able by the spring of 1884 to demonstrate a prototype that fired 600 rounds per minute. This led to inspections by prominent figures in the British military, including Lord Garnet Wolseley, then Adjutant-General of the British Army. Impressed, members of Wolseley’s staff urged Maxim to simplify the mechanism so that it could be taken apart, cleaned, and reassembled with the hands only. This he did, so that a broken component could be replaced in six seconds. In addition to its full rate of fire, Maxim’s design could be set to fire single shots or continuously at 10, 20, or 100 rounds per minute. The gun, fired daily, became a popular attraction at an 1885 exhibit of inventions in South Kensington. The celebrity of Maxim’s invention, both popularly and among the military, led to invitations to many social events at which he was introduced to the upper reaches of British aristocracy, some of whom were in positions to influence arms purchases. The British Government placed a trial order for three weapons, which passed rigorous fire and reliability tests. They bought small numbers of the guns, which by then were manufactured by Vickers in partnership with Maxim. These they used in colonial wars: against the Matabeles and the Zulus and in Afghanistan and the Sudan, among other places. In all cases two to four Vickers-Maxims sufficed to slaughter vast numbers of spear- or rifle-armed attackers. Still, larger orders were not forthcoming.
In 1887 Maxim took his gun to the Continent, demonstrating it against competing makes in Switzerland, Italy, Austria, Germany, and Russia. In all cases it fired faster, proved more reliable, and needed fewer men to operate than its multi-barreled competitors such as the Gatling and the Nordenfelt. Furthermore, it could be chambered to use almost any ammunition then in service. If the British were unimpressed by Maxim’s gun, the future Kaiser wasn’t. In 1887 he visited the factory and was so taken by the weapon that he ordered one with a British gunner to be sent to Potsdam to instruct his troops.
The first use of the Maxim in warfare between Western-style forces was in the Second Boer War, in which both sides used the gun. But the Russo-Japanese War of 1904–5 saw the first large-scale use of machine guns by regular armies. Russian Maxims repeatedly massacred charging Japanese infantry, catching the attention of foreign observers. The British introduced the Vickers-Maxim into regular formations in 1904, assigning a section of two guns to each infantry battalion. The Germans were particularly impressed: by 1908 each infantry regiment had its own machine guns, and 14 million marks had been allocated for experimentation. Field Regulations stressed proficiency in use of machine guns.
The Vickers Machine Gun in action
Although the United States first tested the Maxim gun in 1888 with good results, no action was taken at the time. A relatively heavy, rapid-fire weapon was unsuited to constabulary actions against Indians and the US saw no prospect of a European-style war. The Army again picked up the Vickers-Maxim gun in 1906, experimenting with it to establish how the different combat arms could best use the weapon. The infantry liked it, but the cavalry thought it too heavy and unwieldy. That led General William Crozier, the Army’s Chief of Ordnance, to seek a weapon that would be lighter as well as simpler to make and operate.
Crozier was soon in contact with Laurence Benét, the US representative of the Hotchkiss Company, which was based in France and named for its American founder, B. B. Hotchkiss. Benét himself was American-born – in fact, the son of a former Chief of Ordnance – and a few years earlier had developed a light machine rifle with the help of his assistant André Mercié. In 1909 Crozier adopted the Benét–Mercié as the Army’s first standard automatic weapon. At 30 pounds it was lighter than a heavy machine gun but hardly dainty. It was air- cooled, cheap to make, and easy to maintain, containing only 25 parts; a folding stock made it highly portable. The Benét–Mercié continued in service until 1917, serving the Army in Mexico in 1913 and 1916. But in the field its defects soon became apparent. The infantry disliked it as too light and unable to sustain fire, and hence unsuitable for defense. The cavalry found it unreliable due to its close machining tolerances, which led to frequent jams. In trying to satisfy everyone, it had satisfied none: no one understood that both a light assault rifle and a heavy machine gun were needed.
Despite Crozier’s efforts, the Army did not incorporate automatic weapons into its combat doctrine. As late as 1917 its Field Service Regulations stipulated, “Machine guns are emergency weapons. They are used when their fire is in the nature of a surprise to the enemy at the crises of combat. Their effective use will be for short periods of time – at most but a few minutes – until silenced by the enemy.” By then there was no excuse for such a lack of vision, certainly not since March of 1915, when at Neuve Chapelle one German officer and 64 men with two machine guns wiped out two battalions of British soldiers totaling 1,500 men, 1,000 of whom were killed.
The repute of the Benét–Mercié took a fatal blow on the night of March 9, 1916, when Pancho Villa’s guerrillas attacked Columbus, New Mexico. American soldiers failed to get their Benét–Merciés into action, later asserting that the complicated loading mechanism could not be worked in the dark. The press dubbed the weapon the “daylight gun” and a congressional committee accused General Crozier of incompetence, an undeserved charge.The gun itself was consigned to the training camps. As a result, the Army entered World War I without a standard automatic weapon.
Part II of this article will deal with the Lewis and Chauchat guns, Part III with the Hotchkiss and the two Brownings.
With Their Bare Hands - General Pershing, the 79th Division, and the Battle for Montfaucon by Gene Fax will be published on the 23 February and is now available for pre-order. Click on the link on the book title to see more and place your order..
A professional indemnity policy provides a cover to doctors against financial liabilities or losses arising from acts of negligence, omission or error. These could be in the form of compensation for any injury caused or death of a patient The policy also covers cost of investigations, cost of appointing a lawyer or any other legal costs; hence, providing all-round protection to doctors.
With more and more people entering services-based professions, there has been a growing need for a professional indemnity covers. According to press reports, around 98,000 cases of medical negligence are reported annually in India. Doctors are increasingly getting sued for any errors committed and are thereby facing financial losses. They are liable if a patient incurs injury or dies in the process of treatment. Moreover, legal fees and charges further increase the liability. This can strain a doctor’s finances and has the potential to wipe out his life’s savings. The policy protects doctors from false patient allegations and limits their time, money and reputation being at stake.
Having a good insurance plan relieves you of future contingent losses and makes you confident that you are covered. Bajaj Finserv with its widespread network of 200+ branches, offers you faster services, end-to-end assistance (not only covers your financial and legal charges, but also provides the best lawyers to fight your case) and industry-first benefits such as protection from libel and slander.?For those that love toys that are reasonably impractical but just downright cool, then the yet to be released “Carbon Flyer” might be just the ticket for you.
This high tech flying machine is built entirely of Carbon Fibre – the designers claim that it’s durable construction “surpasses any other remotely controlled plane”.
RC airplanes are subject to tremendous stresses, and a crash can destroy them at a moments notice. But not the Carbon Flyer. You see it looks more like a paper plane than a model airplane and therefore it is very lightweight. In fact, it looks exactly like the planes we used to fold in primary school that could get massive distance if you made them right. The Delta wing design definitely gets my tick of approval!
It is controlled via bluetooth via an app on your phone, and it even has an onboard video camera. The bluetooth range is said to be around about that of an oval which is a solid effort. Not sure where you’d need a bigger range for this type of toy.
The jet is powered by a swappable Li Pol battery which is a good concept that you can hot swap in the field when your battery runs low.
The technology in the steering is interesting. There are 2 x 7mm motors that power the unit. When you want to steer, power is reduced to one motor.
This project is crowd funded, so there are stretch goals to integrate things such as colour variations if the monetary total is high enough. The Carbon Flyer is due for delivery mid 2015 must step up its fight against fraud and the European Commission should ensure leadership and reconsider the role and responsibilities of its anti-fraud office (OLAF), as the current fraud investigation system has inherent weaknesses, according to a new report from the European Court of Auditors. Currently, the Commission lacks comprehensive information on the scale, nature and causes of fraud. This hinders the effective prevention of fraud against the EU budget, say the auditors.
Fraud is a hidden and complex phenomenon and protecting the EU’s financial interest against fraud requires comprehensive and systematic efforts. This is a key responsibility of the European Commission. The auditors assessed whether the Commission is properly managing the risk of fraudulent activities that are detrimental to the EU budget. In particular, they looked at the information available on the scale, nature and causes of fraud in EU spending. They examined whether the Commission’s strategic risk management framework is effective and whether OLAF’s administrative investigations lead to prosecution and recovery.
The auditors found that the Commission lacks comprehensive and comparable data on levels of detected fraud in EU spending. Moreover, it has not so far carried out any assessment of undetected fraud, nor detailed analysis of what causes economic actors to engage in fraudulent activities. This lack of knowledge reduces the practical value and effectiveness of the Commission.”Visualizing PubMed
Rationale
PubMed is an invaluable resource, enabling searching of a large portion of the biomedical literature and serving as perhaps the most popular entry point to MEDLINE. As an interface however, it is primarily geared towards presenting results in the form of a long, paginated list. This works well for examining individual citations, but is a poor fit for getting a larger sense of how one search compares to another (or how the results of a particular search compare to the database as a whole). For this purpose, it would be better to see searches in aggregate. Even better would be to display and compare searches using a variety of criteria.
Methods
Using the NCBI API (E-utilities), a series of tools have been developed to visualize PubMed searches. Querying of the API and parsing of the results is primarily done in the browser via JavaScript and the jQuery library. Visualization of results is also done in the browser (for the most part with Google Charts and with the venn.js overlay of d3.js for Venn diagrams).
Results
MeSH Category Graph
Graphs a search against the the 16 top-level categories in the MeSH hierarchy. For each search you’ll see two graphs — one showing percentages compared to those for all of MEDLINE and another showing relative proportion.
Once you have completed at least two searches, you can compare the proportions of one search against another.
MeSH Subheading Graph
Graphs a search against the 23 top-level subheadings (“analysis”, “physiology”, etc.) in the MeSH qualifier hierarchy. As above, results are displayed in two ways, and any two searches can be compared with one another.
Mapping MEDLINE
MeSH headings include not only topic areas but geographic regions — around 15% of all indexed records are tagged with the name of a continent, country or city. Mapping MEDLINE searches your results against these goegraphical headings. Of course some articles might mention a country name in a title or abstract without a corresponding index term, so Mapping MEDLINE searches those fields by country name as well. Results are displayed as a choropleth map (shaded by proportion) in order to better reflect regional variation.
PubMed by Year
PubMed by Year shows your search on a line chart, comparing the results for each year to the database as whole. We use proportions instead of raw numbers, as the the astonishing increase of the biomedical literature over time makes a bare count less illustrative of changes for any given search. Helpfully, you can add additional searches so you can directly compare how different topics have been treated over time.
Note: As PubMed by Year uses the “Results by Year” CSV file generated by PubMed, it does not work for searches that return fewer than 500 total results (because that file doesn’t get generated for smaller result sets).
PubVenn
Venn diagrams have been used by librarians for ages to help users visualize how complex searches work. PubVenn takes a complex PubMed search and divides it into its constituent parts. It then searches those disparate parts and shows the piles of citations they return using a proportionally-sized venn diagram.
Searches can be simple or complex, though plotting intersections onto a two-dimensional plane can be somewhat inexact for any diagram involving more than two sets.
You can find the source code for each of these applications at github/esperrATO assistant commissioner Graham Whyte has issued a general public reminder to individuals who have still not completed their tax returns to do so before the 31 October deadline.
Data indicates that 7.8 million people have lodged so far, and the ATO has issued 5.9 million refunds.
“But there are still millions of taxpayers yet to lodge,” Mr Whyte said.
This financial year, the ATO is encouraging those submitting tax returns to go through a registered tax agent. The reason for this is that most registered tax agents are able to lodge a return on behalf of their clients after the 31 October deadline.
Mr Whyte reminded taxpayers that if they are using a tax agent for the first time, or using an alternate agent to the previous year, they must be in contact with them prior to the submission deadline.
Those due a refund can generally expect to receive it within two weeks after their return is lodged. Mr Whyte also encouraged those who had noticed a mistake or error within their return to contact the ATO by lodging an amendment.
Debt payment was also addressed by Mr Whyte, who urged those concerned with receiving a tax bill to not put off lodging a return and that “if you’ve got a debt you can also make a payment or create a payment plan”.
Those who do lodge will know exactly what they owe and have the same amount of time to pay, regardless of the submission date. The deadline for debt payment is generally 21 November.
The ATO finally reminded those who may be experiencing issues with their tax payment obligations to contact them as soon as possible and make sure to still lodge by deadline.Wheat and Sugar-Free Lemon Chia Seed Scones w/ Strawberry & Cherry Preserves
If you’re familiar with my recipes and lifestyle, you’ll know that I try to not eat refined sugar. Only natural sugars like honey, maple syrup, and from fruits. I always enjoy the challenge of making refined sugar-free dessert recipes, and although I’m not always eating wheat-free, I do like to eliminate wheat when possible, so I don’t use up my yellow container count too fast (If you’ve done the 21 Day Fix, you know what I’m talking about)! I wanted to tackle one of my favorite indulgent desserts to meet both of these criteria: Scones with jam!
Even from the time I was four years old, I loved tea time. At that age, I had yet to go to a formal tea, but would play “tea time” with my sister. We would sometimes have casual tea, fancy tea, or sometimes have an historical take times with my grandmother, mother, and sister. And my favorite part? Scones! There’s just something so irresistible about its texture; how it’s dry and crumby on the outside with a delicate taste on the inside. But then when you smother it with sweet, moist preserves the combination of opposite flavors and textures marry into something wonderful. And besides the taste, you just feel so fancy having tea and scones! Obviously, tea and scones aren’t something we have here in America everyday, but it offers a brief escape. It brings you back to a calmer past time, it makes you stop and taste flavors and leisurely eat your food while enjoying company, it gives you an opportunity to be a bit more formal than you would on a typical afternoon!
So I had my check list of wanting to make my own scone and preserves recipes refined sugar-free and wheat-free. I then decided I also wanted to incorporate seasonal flavors, to make it taste fresh, and have the preserves be as naturally sweet as possible by incorporating fruit at its peak. My end conclusion for what my recipe would be? Lemon Chia seed scones with Strawberry & Cherry preserves.
Wheat and Sugar-Free Lemon Chia Seed Scones
Ingredients (makes 8)
1.5 cups pulsed coconut flakes (or coconut flour). If blending coconut, make sure it’s very fine, almost like the texture of flour.
1.5 tsp baking powder
Pinch of salt
2 T chia seeds
2 T of coconut oil (NOT melted)
1/2 lemon (pulsed in the blender without rind)
3 T of honey
1 tsp vanilla extract
2.5 T lemon juice
1/2 cup Greek yogurt or SO Delicious Greek Style Dairy-free yogurt
1.5 T coconut milk (full fat)
21 Day Fix Container Counts: 1 blue, 2 tsp, 1/3 red
Directions (makes 8 scones)
- Preheat oven to 425 F.
- Stir together your blended coconut or coconut flour, baking powder, sea salt, and chia seeds.
3. Then take half of a lemon, remove it from rind, and pulse in blender. Add your lemon (while avoiding adding the seeds, this would be easy with a slotted spoon), and add your coconut oil to your mixture. Kneed the mixture with your hands so that it is thick and fully coated with the coconut oil).
5. Once your dry mixture is completely coated, add in your wet ingredients (yogurt, coconut milk, lemon juice, honey, and vanilla extract).
6. For baking, you can either spray a cookie sheet and add balls of the dough onto the sheet, or you can spray a pie tin and put them in the tin for triangular scones (although they won’t be as raised).
7. Bake for 15-18 minutes. My perfect time for my gas oven was 17 minutes.
Strawberry & Cherry Preserves
Ingredients (Makes 1 quart jar)
4 cups of quartered strawberries
3 cups of cherries
1 T of lemon juice
1 T chia seeds
1/2 cup of honey
21 Day Fix Container Counts: 1/2 Purple
Directions (makes 1/2 pint jar)
- Quarter your strawberries.
- For your cherries, remove the pits and then put in a blender or food processor so they are in small chunks.
3. Put all of your ingredients in a large pot on medium-high heat, stirring well.
4. Once your ingredients start bubbling, use a potato masher and mash the strawberries as much as possible (it’s okay to have some large chunks).
5. Put your heat on low, cover, and let them simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
6. When it’s near done, taste your preserves to see if they’re to your liking. Add any additional lemon juice or honey as needed to suit your tastes.
7. Once done, put in a quart-sized mason jar for up to five weeks.
Tea Time
I was so excited to taste my flavor combination, and it was everything I hoped for! The lemon scones were very coconutty, but with that same scone texture and delicate flavor I know and love. The Greek yogurt adds just the right amount of moistness and creamy taste that makes these scones feel like the perfect summer afternoon take on tea time. The preserves are very sweet, but in that wonderful natural fruit way, not artificially or overly-sweet. Strawberry preserves are very common, which is why I loved having the taste of seasonal Washington cherries (from Whole Foods) in my preserves, it added a unique twist to the flavor. The lemon, coconut, strawberries, and cherries blend together to create an incredibly exciting flavor for your taste buds. Since I had baked my scones in a pie tin, making them on the thinner side, I put two scone slices together with preserves in the middle and on top.
I love to be a little unique, so was very pleased that my lemon chia seed and strawberrry-cherry preserves turned out to be a wildly flavored version of a common tea time pairing. Often when you hear “wheat-free” and “sugar-free,” it can make one feel skeptical if their food will be flavorful–with the incorporation of coconut flour however, these scones were packed with delicious flavor!
Since I was having a uniquely-flavored July tea time, I decided to make a tea with ingredients I had on hand to go with the summer-time feel of the scones and preserves. Of course, a July tea time inspired me to make an iced tea. I brewed just a plain black tea (un-sweetened), in one my leftover mason jars I had purchased for the preserves. I then added my leftover lemon slices from the other half of my lemon from the scone recipe, along with some chia seeds. Chia seeds in liquid expand a bit, and when sipped through a straw has the texture of boba, which I love! Since I was having a sweet and tart scone dish, I wanted to add some coolness into my tea pairing, so threw in some mint leaves as well. I then muddled my mint, lemon, chia seeds, and a drizzle of honey. The lemon, mint, and chia seed iced tea complimented my scone perfectly!
To set the scene for the afternoon tea time in my neighborhood, I thought it would be fun to incorporate some more childhood memories, as my whole inspiration for this post was my love of playing tea time! Although I wouldn’t typically bring this outdoors to eat, I used my great-grandmother’s fine china and lace tea towels. I know what you’re thinking…who in real life makes scones and tea and eats it on fine china in the grass? No one, really! But that’s why I wanted to do it–to do something a bit overly fancy and fun, to achieve that magazine and Pinterest-worthy set-up, but just for me, my daughter, and husband to enjoy. Quite frankly, because it’s fun to add some little outrageous touches to make quaint moments magical.
Our daughter had a great time too, and couldn’t get enough of these easy, healthy, wheat & sugar-free lemon chia seed scones with strawberry and cherry preserves.
For Your Pinning Pleasure
[…] I served these sandwiches with room temperature cookies. If you use warm cookies, it could make the inside ingredients too runny. I simply spread one side with Greek yogurt, and one side with my homemade cherry-strawberry preserves, which you can get the recipe for here. […]
[…] can get the recipe for my paleo almond butter cookies and cookie sandwiches here, and the recipe for my homemade cherry-strawberry preserves […]
[…]! […]And it was that the whole world was of one language and one common purpose. And it came to pass when they traveled from the east they found a valley in the land of Shinar and settled there. They said one to another, “Come let us make bricks and burn them in fire.” And the brick served them as stone, and the bitumen served them as mortar. And they said, “Come, let us build us a city, and a tower with it head in the heavens, and let us make a name for ourselves, lest we be dispersed across the whole earth. (Breishis 11:1-5)
Indeed, this account of the building of the “Tower of Babel” is a curious chapter in human history. Why did they travel “from the east”? Where were they going to? Why settle in a valley to build to the heavens?
A close friend of made a Bris for his son and was hosting a meal at his house. At my table was seated my friend’s father with a silk Yarmulka perched precariously atop his head. Maybe he was a little uncomfortable being around all the beards and hats. He was talking incessantly about evolution and everyone was listening politely. When he started to speak about things millions of years old he interrupted himself with an aside, “Well you people don’t agree with me because you’re all religious!” I told him privately and politely, “We are not as religious as you!” He was taken- aback. “I’m not religious!” he said with a defensive certainty. I responded, “Nobody here is trying to convince you of anything or convert you into something you’re not, yet you feel a need to peddle your opinion. You must be some kind of “ultra” religionist in your community of believers.” After that he quietly retired to his white fish and we all spoke about other things pleasantly.
We managed to steal away for an entire Shabbos a cousin of mine, who is a famous off-Broadway actor. He enjoyed the “Friday Night” family scene enormously. At one point his jaw dropped open and he declared dramatically, “Where did we lose this?” The long summer Shabbos day was trying for his patience but he survived, barely. By the time the Havdala candle hit the wine he was standing by the door with his bags and ready to go back to Manhattan. We drove him back to the city lights, and he invited us into his apartment. The entire place was densely populated with posters, pictures, playbills, and memorabilia of everything theatre. It sort of reminded me of the way our walls, at home are covered with pictures of great Rabbis, and Jerusalem and the like. Before we parted he left us with more of his impressions, he said, “I didn’t realize how much you were into it. I see you’re as into Shabbos as I am into theatre.”
Where was the generation of the Tower of Babel going? The Midrash tells us they’re intent was to move away from what came before (m’kedem). They said, “We don’t want G-d or his goodness or the yoke of His kingship or to have to recognize Him or serve Him!” They settled in a valley to huddle together and remain unified in this singular purpose of denying G-d and religion. They became successful at making bricks and that led them to dream of creating a metropolis and multi-purpose monument to crown their collective accomplishment.
They morphed into a tyrannical secular cult with sacred rites and sanctified rituals all surrounding their commitment to the communal construction project with its “head in the heavens”. Yaakov visualized a ladder of human potential with its head “striving toward the heavens”. Instead of struggling, each man individually, to raise himself up and make himself more and more in the image of G-d they were inevitably frustrated in their attempt, with their idolatrous imaginations, to manufacture G-d in man’s diminished image.
DvarTorah, Copyright © 2007 by Rabbi Label Lam and Torah.org.Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle to meet South African Foreign Minister Maite Nkoana-Mashabane
On Wednesday (19 September) South Africa’s Foreign Minister Maite Nkoana-Mashabane will open a regional conference of South African Ambassadors in Europe, which is this year being held in Berlin. On Tuesday, Minister Nkoana-Mashabane was in Brussels with President Jacob G. Zuma for the 5th EU-South Africa Summit.
Federal Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle took the opportunity to invite his colleague to the Federal Foreign Office for a working dinner. The meeting will focus on the EU-South Africa Summit and on the upcoming United Nations General Assembly. The two Foreign Ministers will also discuss current developments in Syria and the situation in eastern Congo.engagement rings cheap walmart. Selecting the most engagement rings cheap walmart is a big and important decision for any couple, but it's often an especially daunting job for men. For countless men, their wedding ring might be the only part of jewellery they've ever really bought or their use, and it's really sometimes the only real item of diamond jewelry that they're going to ever have on.
The Wedding Band is the one piece of ring proportional to feelings. Typically worn out by married both males and females, the wedding ring is a great circle which wraps your fourth finger, it may symbolize perpetuity. It is actually believed that you've a sole vein that joins your fourth finger instantly to the heart. Matvuk carries various wedding bands from which to choose you will surely fall madly in love with.
Finding the ring which fits all this criteria can be tricky, so we've made a guide to finding a wonderful engagement rings cheap walmart, by incorporating inspiring ideas, ideas and inspiration from your own beautiful assortment of wedding bands. Hopefully, this helps make the job a bit a lot easier.
When you have a basic idea of exactly what band you're looking, it is time for the exciting part is trying them for. Allow yourself at least 2 to 3 months before the date for the wedding to band shop. You'll need on this occasion for you to look through, study selling prices and also take another look at rings in which find your eye. For those who have your soul fixed for a customized engagement ring, you will likely require a lot more time. Though you shouldn't petrified of becoming stylish, be sure the design you select is a thing you will want to dress in pertaining to, point out, the next 40 years.
One good thing about acquiring your engagement rings cheap walmart from a web based jeweler could be the broadened gain access to you will get to ring styles. our company offers every diamond ring model imaginable and when we do not have a style you wish, we can custom design an engagement ring for you. To discover the perfect ring, take into account exactly what fits the girl lifestyle in addition to character best. In addition to your financial allowance, the woman's particular design and style and the girl lifestyle are the key concerns which should guide your choice of a setting.
engagement rings cheap walmart. Nevertheless even for men that might consider themselves experts at buying jewellery, and know what you like and like picking a music band may still be tricky. The marriage ring can be an item they may wear each day. Therefore their ring has to be practical and functional additionally it needs to match the man's individual style, and also be an issue that he's happy and comfy to look at non-stop, every single day.
Essentially, there are actually definite positives and negatives to every metal, it comes to what kind of lifestyle the Groom leads, and his individual preferences. No person metal is great for everyone. Once you've decided which metal you desire, it is possible to narrow the search results by material, and easily get rid of all rings which aren't created from that metal.
Ceremonies range, wedding vows are often exclusive, but the tradition from the wedding band has made it through through the years and is particularly a regular icon of timeless love in a great many ethnicities and belief systems. Here at matvuk.com we certainly have diamond engagement rings in several patterns, widths, weight load, size and shapes, each of them gorgeous sufficient that you can adore for your life time.
Tags: #cheap diamond rings at walmart ge #cheap engagement rings at walmart #engagement rings cheap walmart #engagement rings walmart com #engagement rings walmart reviewsBitcoin Holds $4,000 Mark Despite Losing Crypto Dominance
Bitcoin, the flagship cryptocurrency, has been managing to stay above the $4,000 mark after it leaped over the psychological barrier on January 6. Despite the rise, however, it’s losing its dominance over the cryptocurrency ecosystem.
According to CryptoCompare data BTC is currently trading at roughly $4,030 after falling 0.79% in the last 24-hour period. It’s up roughly 7% in the last two weeks, and its market cap is of $70.4 billion.
The cryptocurrency’s surge this month came shortly after it was revealed that nearly 80% of cryptocurrency investors are still net-invested in it, and after the Gemini Trust company, a popular cryptocurrency exchange, launched an ad campaign that calls for cryptocurrency regulations and argues there needs to be a “bridge” between the traditional financial system and the cryptocurrency space.
Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, the twins behind the cryptocurrency exchange, have recently argued that bitcoin is “better at being gold than gold,” and as such could grow to have a market cap of about $7 trillion. The rise was also fueled by Weiss Ratings noting bitcoin will “rise up and head for new all-time highs.”
Despite the cryptocurrency’s rise, various altcoins have been outperforming it. So much so that its share of the cryptocurrency ecosystem has dropped roughly 4% in the last 30 days, going from 55.1% to 51.4% at press time.
This, as this month the price of litecoin (LTC), often seen as the silver to bitcoin’s gold, has surged after it hit a 100 LTC node milestone on the Lightning Network (LN). TRON’s TRX has also seen its price surge 11.6% after it was revealed BitTorrent – which was acquired by the TRON Foundation – is launching its token on Binance’s Launchpad.
More recently NEO, a cryptocurrency that’s often referred to as the “Chinese Ethereum,” has surged to become the 16th most valuable cryptocurrency by market cap. Ether itself has been rising as well,as ahead of its Constantinople hard fork various top exchanges, including Binance, OKEx, and Huobi, have revealed they'll be supporting the upgrade.
In December of last year, WAVES surged a whopping 72% and bucked the bearish trend the crypto ecosystem was going through, thanks to various developments that included the launch of a new mobile app, and a wallet extension for FireFox.The following article has been produced in partnership with Alfa Romeo
Laying claim to the world’s fastest sedan is no easy feat. This year Alfa Romeo stepped up to that challenge and proved that it could be done when it lapped the gruelling Nurburgring in record time, beating out its closest rival by a full six seconds.
What does is take to build a four-door super saloon like the Alfa Romeo Giulia? We went behind the closed doors of the fabled car maker to find out.
Meet The Mad Scientist
Klaus Busse has only been at Alfa Romeo for six months but one would be foolish to assume this eloquently spoken German is a novice amongst the hallways of the fabled Italian marque.
Hailing as a top designer for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in Detroit, Busse last year left Motor City in search of greener pastures in Europe. He eventually landed the top role of Head of Design for Alfa Romeo, Fiat, Abarth, Lancia and Maserati.
“As much as I want to say they’ll love the design, I think they’ll be blown away by the performance.”
In the short period since he’s been there, Busse has shaken up the European performance car scene with the latest Alfa Romeo Giulia coming to life under his careful watch.
The controversy, it would seem, is that we have a German in charge of designing Fiat Chrysler’s most exciting cars to date. Cars destined to take on competition in the form of German performance cars.
Crisis of identity? Perhaps. But more importantly we wanted to know what Busse plans to bring to the game as the new driving force behind a heritage carmaker. Here’s what he had to share with us in the world of Alfa Romeo design secrets.
Why Alfa Romeo?
To Busse, Alfa Romeo has always been a brand which he dreamt of working for as a kid. It has something to do with the signature Italian lines which can only be understood by physical touch rather than a conventional eyeful.
More importantly though, Busse says that his new design role comes from a place of pride driven by his peers from other European carmakers who are watching his moves carefully. And when the competition is watching, you simply deliver the results that are most likely to stun.
“They said ‘Klaus, we’re all watching you now.’ I said ‘What do you mean?’”
“You work at Alfa Romeo and we’re all affected by Alfa Romeo.”
If this isn’t enough to convince a man to prove his worth then nothing else is. Busse is in this game to make waves in a modern era of Italian automotive design.
Definition Of Modern Italian Design
Bringing a rich heritage of Italian design into the modern era of car making is no easy feat. To get acquainted with the brand on a deeper level, Busse headed straight to the Alfa Romeo Museum to connect with the brand’s iconic cars of yesteryear.
“We’ve all seen Alfas, all individual ones but it’s quite an impact when you see them all condensed in the one time and place,” he says.
“Suddenly you see a pattern; the rhythm, the beauty, the sculpture and the visual lightness of the cars.”
Busse is a diplomatic leader though. He is quick to point out that the final result is only as good as his team’s efforts, admitting that he’s still learning himself.
“It’s a democratic debate and discussion. We get together as a team with people who have been wirth Alfa for 20 years and people as fresh as myself and we have beautiful discussions about where we want to take the brand.”
Where the brand is heading under Busse’s guidance is towards a resurgence in cars which demand envy from onlookers and smiles from drivers.
“The performance leads to certain package and certain proportion we work with. In my humble view, the Giulia has the perfect proportions.”
Achieving this involves beginning with a goal as a team. Even before the sketching starts, Busse brings together his teams under product planning, branding and engineering to define what they’re trying to do.
Three recurring criteria always comes into play at these discussions: 1] The car, 2] the proportion and 3] the performance.
“We talk about what can we do to elevate the brand of this product,” explains Busse.
“Rather than just doing a product in isolation, we think about how it fits into our vision of where we want to take the brand visually.”
According to Busse, even images which have nothing to do with Alfas are encouraged. This is an exercise in inspiration and the man says that it can only be done right when there is debate. Once the points have been ironed out, a clear vision of a car will almost begin to design itself.
“What you do then is put the pen down and execute it in a process which can take 2-5 weeks.”
“From there we go into 3D and start designing the car knowing that it’s going to be something amazing.”
Enter The New Giulia
Make no mistake, Busse is calling the new Alfa Romeo Giulia a “performance machine” – something we discovered first hand when we got behind the wheel of one at the car maker’s hometown of Milan earlier this year.
This performance aspect of the car has always been typical of vintage Alfa Romeos but for the modern era Busse says he wanted to bring that essence back by targeting a certain vision and expectation in regards to performance.
“The performance leads to certain package and certain proportion we work with. In my humble view, the Giulia has the perfect proportions.”
These vehicle parameters he’s referring to include short overhangs and a solid planted look on the road. The second phase which ticks the performance box is in the heavily sculpted body.
“We refer to art, the human body and beautiful objects but at the end of the day we condense it into a single object to become a true Alfa Romeo.”
“Hence, the sculpture, the proportion and performance goal make the Giulia part of the Alfa family.”
At the end of the day, driving emotions is what the new Giulia is really about. Busse and his team have aimed for a very unique performance saloon worthy of taking on the world’s best and it’s about time they proved it with the Giulia.
Busse swears by his words when he says that punters will be amazed by the performance of the car whether it’s in the base model or right up to the menacingly beautiful Quadrifoglio.
“As much as I want to say they’ll love the design, I think they’ll be blown away by the performance.”
Photography produced exclusively for D’Marge by Rosario Liberti – No reproduction without permission.Partner and Network News:
Streetfootball and Children’s Rights was the common project of the international learning collaboration of KICKFAIR (Germany) and its partnersSALT Academy & The Mighty Girls (Cambodia), Formaçao (Brazil), Chigol (Chile), Peres Center for Peace (Israel and Palestine), Centro Para el Desarollo de la Inteligencia (CDI) and Paí Pukú (Paraguay), Espérance (Rwanda), Hodi (Kenya). Based on the international symposium of 2015 in Stuttgart and the jointly developed Action Guide translated into 4 languages, 27 events and hundreds of workshops about street football and children’s rights took place in all participating countries during 2016. Find out more about it here.
———-
The SALT Academy Vision wouldn’t be possible without our network of friends, sponsors, and supporters. Thank you to all for your dedication to girls empowerment and youth development in Cambodia!
Listed on this page are our BestBuyEyeglasses.com free shipping code offers and sales. Click our link next to the offer to use an bestbuyeyeglasses.com promotion. In order to redeem discount if there is a promotional code, enter it at the online site.
Shop at BestBuyEyeglasses.com Now
Prior to when you complete the check out procedure, check that your discount special or promotion code worked. AllOnlineCoupons has no responsibility if you don't receive the anticipated discount pricing. Free sales and coupon codes can expire at any time without notice. If we include any promo codes or special promotions that don't work, could you email us so we can delete any invalid offers.
AllOnlineCoupons appreciates your visit and thank you for using our internet promotion codes and promotions. store bargains and coupon discount codes, but also browse our Simon & Schuster Coupons, Hurley Coupons, Star Decorating Coupons, Specialty Pool Products Coupons and Roxio Coupons.
Providing discounts is our desire. Online coupon codes is just the beginning. We list a lot of online promotions for hundreds of different online merchants. Because our purpose is to save you the most money possible, we are always updating our web site to have the latest discounts, coupon codes and sale announcements. Not only the premier promotional codes, but discounts and specials for many other merchants too.
Please email us your suggestions plus any additional coupons or promotion code discounts we are missing. Thanks for using All Online Coupons.Westford Technology Park West
424,000-SF Lease in Place for Suburban Boston BTS
Green Mountain Coffee Roasters Inc. has signed a 424,000-square-foot lease with Gutierrez Co., effectively paving the way for development of its build-to-suit office and R&D facility at the Burlington Research Center in the suburban Boston town of Burlington.Northeast 25 June 2012 19:36
Red Hat Commits to 100 KSF of Build-to-Suit Office Space in Boston Suburb
Four years after moving into a build-to-suit facility at the 90-acre Westford Technology Park West in Westford, Mass., Red Hat Inc. has contracted the developer of the building, The Gutierrez Co., for another Class A build-to-suit office project that will expand the firm's occupancy by an additional 100,000 square feet.Northeast 12 April 2012 14:25
You May Also Like
What’s Next for Amazon’s HQ2
Executives shed light on what the tech giant's multi-billion investment means for Long Island City, N.Y., Crystal City, Va., and Nashville, Tenn.14 November 2018 13:41
NKF Adds Market Veteran in Los Angeles
Jim Linn joined the company as executive managing director. His professional track record includes positions with Talos Capital, CenterPoint Properties Trust and Grubb & Ellis.28 January 2019 13:38
Hudson Yards Officially Opens in NYC
Related Cos. and Oxford Properties Group formally introduce the largest private real estate development in U.S. history, a brand-new neighborhood on Manhattan’s Far West Side.15 March 2019 18:07
ShopOne Centers REIT Enters DC Market
The company continued its growth along the Interstate 95 corridor with the acquisition of Eastgate Shopping Center in Lanham, Md.14 January 2019 16:28ALB (Asian Legal Business) under Thomson Reuters returned to Shanghai with the 11th edition of Shanghai in-House Legal Summit series on June 25, 2015 in Westin Hotel located at Shanghai Waitan Center. This summit was joined by more than 200 senior-level corporate counsels, business leaders and private practitioners from Shanghai and its surrounding areas. More than 10 prominent Chinese laws firms and legal advising institutions, including Zhong Lun Law Firm, attended the summit and had deep discussion and communication on front-burner legal issues such as domestic M&A in China, avoidance of anti-trust risks, share incentive mechanism, FCPA and tort against internet IP and unfair competition.
Attorneys Gao Jun, Qiu Jing, Zhang Xiaohai and Cheng Mingzhi each gave a speech on the summit and won wide applause from the audience.CDC begins sending Dividend details through email
In order to further facilitate investors, CDC has started sending Dividend report (dividend counterfoil) to shareholders through email. The shareholders are going to receive their Dividend / Zakat & Tax Deduction Report via email once data pertaining to dividend disbursement by listed companies has been uploaded by respective Share Registrar on CDC-eServices portal. The email is sent to shareholders having their valid email addresses in their respective CDS accounts in case of book entry securities or to the email address provided to the respective Share Registrar for physical securities. The report as well as the shareholders’ dividend history is also.Report on food and beverage services at the PyeongChang 2018 Games
Details concerning meal services at the Tokyo 2020 Games will be determined in accordance with the Basic Strategy on Food and Beverage Services. This page introduces how meals were provided at the PyeongChang 2018 Games. Information provided is based on interviews with officials from the PyeongChang 2018 Games.
Athletes' Villages
At the PyeongChang 2018 Games, there were two Athletes' Villages: one located in PyeongChang and the other in Gangneung. Each Athletes' Village had three types of food and beverage facilities; Main dining halls for athletes, Village plaza café where athletes were able to relax with family, friends and media members and Staff dining facilities for volunteers and other Games-related staff.
Main dining halls
Facilities
- 24 hour service
- Service lines and seating capacity (PyeongChang - seating for 1,000 persons, Gangneung - seating for 700 persons)
- Staff offered various types of meals (including a buffet corner)
- Posters displayed to encourage diners to wash their hands as part of efforts to prevent norovirus infection
- Various advertising materials featuring images from the Games were displayed around the facilities, which added to the vibrant atmosphere
Menus
- Various types of Korean and other Asian cuisine were available, while consideration was given to religious requirements with the provision of halal food. Other types of food and beverages included various types of bread and toast, tea and coffee, etc.
- The salad bar, which offered a wide range of toppings and dressings, was particularly popular among the athletes
- For the environmentally minded, reusable tableware was also available
- A support desk was also set up where athletes were able to discuss nutrition-related matters
The main dining hall
A service line for halal food
Service line for fresh fruit provided in the main dining hall
Village plaza cafés
- Cafés were provided to enable athletes to relax with family, friends and members of the media.
- Beverages on offer included various drinks produced by the Coca-Cola Company, American coffee and café lattes, while light meals and snacks included croissants, scones, salad and burgers.
Toast and coffee on offer at a village plaza café
Staff dining facilities
- Buffet style
- Menus had a heavy focus on Korean food
- For overseas staff, salad, various types of bread, and cornflakes were provided
A staff dining facility
A refrigerator for cold drinks at a staff dining facility
International Broadcast Centre and Main Press Centre (IBC/MPC)
- Dining facilities were set up within the IBC and MPC to enable members of the media to partake of food and beverages without disrupting their work
- Foods provided included various types of bread, pizza, western-style and Korean food, and a wide selection of fruit
- A coffee shop, that was not open 24 hours, was also available
Information on food and beverage spaces for the media at the Main Press Centre
Goodies on offer in the Main Press Centre
A coffee corner provided in the International Broadcast Centre
Food and drink space at the International Broadcast Centre
A non 24-hour coffee shop at the Main Press Centre
Games competition venues
A lounge area was provided in venues for athletes and other Games-related personnel (members of the Olympic Family and the media). Concessions were available for spectators.
Athletes' lounges
Athletes' lounges were provided in Games competition venues, offering various menus that took into account the type of competition in which the athletes were competing
Olympic and Paralympic Family lounges
- A wide selection of hot soups and noodles, etc. was provided as well as salads and other cold dishes
- Light snacks included sandwiches, fruit and biscuits
- Reusable plates and cutlery were used
Olympic and Paralympic Family lounges
Concessions
- For spectators
- Stalls served a selection of Korean, western-style, grilled and fried foods
- Menus were available in Hangul (Korean) and English languages
Concessions
Concessions
Concessions
Others
Olympic Hospitality Centre
- Two types of hospitality services were provided: one for marketing partners and the media, and another for members of the general public and companies. These centres provided added-value services such as premium seats, food and beverage services.
- High quality meals were also provided as part of the hospitality services
Premium seats at Olympic Hospitality Centre
Buffet served as one of the hospitality service
Services provided for the Paralympic Games
- In light of Paralympic requirements, concessions were fitted with low counters
- All benches provided at Coca-Cola operated outdoor concessions were installed with the requirements of wheelchair users in mind
- Tables at the 24-hour service corner in the main dining hall of the Athletes' Village were lowered to facilitate wheelchair users
Counters set lower than average
Wheelchair-accessible benches at Coca-Cola's stall
Wheelchair-accessible tables at 24-hour service corner in the main dining hall of the Athletes' Village.
Related links
Report on food and beverage services at the Rio 2016 Games
Food and Beverage Services at the Tokyo 2020 Games(TOP)Pearl Jam has no official announcement, but according to a spokesman for What Records, that announcement is coming.
I'm sending this E mail in an attempt to answer many of the questions I've been asked on the phone today and on Email.
On November 1st Pearl Jam release a Super Deluxe Box Set called Death on Two Legs. I have limited information on this as yet but I've put it on our site.
It is an Official release pressed for Island Records by Universal Music. It is being manufactured to order. A version will be available through the Pearl Jam web site but it is unclear at the moment whether it will be the same or slighly different.
I appreciate it is quite an expensive item so I've just added the option to pay a £10 deposit now and the rest will be charged when we ship the box set. The deposit is non refundable as we have had to call the quantity we want already and we may well sell out before release date. Shipping costs will be added when the deposit is left.
To order your copy, either paying in full or leaving a deposit please click the link below.
Thank you for your time, interest and support.
Cheers
Tim
Is "The Vault" about to be reopened? I don't know. What Records has sold official Pearl Jam items unavailable in the US, so maybe they know something. Better keep your Ten Club account up to date just in case.Javier Nieto Cubero
Technical Engineer in Industrial Design from the UVA, Valladolid, and the Politecnico di Milano, Italy.
Materials Engineer from the UPC, Barcelona PDD from IESE Business School, Universidad de Navarra Master's in “Transportation Design & Management” from the Politecnico di Milano.
My professional profile is product-centred, specialising in product benchmarking, positioning, strategy, definition, design and development, launch of new products and continuous innovation.
Teaching
PDI at EINA and lectures at Elisava, COAC, Cité de l’Architecture et du Patrimoine, École Speciale d’Architecture and ESDi.
Professional / Research Activity
My professional experience has been developed in a number of industrial sectors, such as contract, furniture, consumer, car, bathroom fittings and materials for architecture and interior design, consolidating skills in the client's needs, new uses and product opportunities.
Expert in materials and processes, with extensive experience in project management.
My career has been developed nationally and internationally in technical, creative and product management and innovation areas in professional studios, such as Studio Joe Colombo and companies such as Renault and Rosagres.
I currently combine teaching with managing a design and research services company in the field of innovation in new products.
Publications
He published design projects in specialist magazines and books, such as Domus, On Diseño, Oficinas and Le project Le Corbusier.Welcome and Registration
To use this website, you must first complete the applicable registration form (depending whether you are a Care Provider, Employer ("Company"), or Employee ("Client"), agree to adhere to our policies and procedures, and create a user name and password. During registration, you are required to provide contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact you about our services that you have expressed interest in receiving or providing.
Corporate CARE Solutions, LLC ("CCS"), is committed to protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and security of personal information. This Privacy Policy, which is effective as of May 5, 2014, covers our practices for collecting and processing information about our Care Providers, our Company/Employer Clients and their Clients/Employees, and about prospective Companies/Employers, Clients/Employees, and Care Providers, and other visitors to this website.
Will this Privacy Policy change?
This Privacy Policy is subject to change, and we will post revisions on this website. You are responsible to review the policy periodically. This Privacy Policy was last updated May 5, 2014.
What are the terms for you to use the CCS website?
The CCS website is intended for use only by adults. CCS does not solicit or knowingly collect any information from website visitors under 18 years of age. You are not authorized to use our website if you are not yet 18 years old or of the age of majority where you reside. Our website may contain links or references to other websites. Please be aware that we do not control other websites and that this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.
Communications from us
After you register with our website, we may send you the following types of communications, generally via email, but occasionally via postal mail or facsimile:
1. Service-related announcements: For example, we might send you an email to alert you when our website will be temporarily inaccessible for maintenance. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, we will not be able to provide services to you.
2. Customer service messages: in accordance with our policies and your wishes.
Who owns and controls personal information collected by CCS?
In the United States (and soon, Canada), CCS is the sole owner and controller of the information, other than contact information, collected about Companies/Employers and Care Providers. Our headquarters is located at 4625 E. Fort Lowell Road #100,
Tucson, Arizona 85712.
In the United States (and soon, Canada), CCS, applicable Companies/Employers, and Care Providers are the owners and controllers of the information collected about Clients/Employees.
The CCS headquarters are located at 4625 E. Fort Lowell Road #100,
Tucson, Arizona 85712. Care Provider contact information is provided to Clients/Employees when they receive Services.
Why does CCS collect personal information?
CCS collects the information it needs to provide its services and meet its business needs. We collect personal information for the following reasons, among others:
How do you consent to CCS's use of your personal information?
By registering to use this website and providing your personal information, you are consenting to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information by CCS for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. In light of the nature of our services, as well as applicable laws and regulatory requirements, if you choose to withhold some types of personal information or opt out of providing it, we may not be able to provide the services you have requested.
What personally identifiable information does CCS collect?
Your business relationship with us will determine the type of information we will need to collect from you.
Client/Employee
Company/Employer
Care Providers
Prospective Companies/Employers, Clients/Employees, and Care Providers
Where does CCS store personally identifiable information?
How CCS collects information
How does CCS collect information on its website? There are two ways CCS may collect information: actively (when you voluntarily enter your personal information as described in this policy), or passively, as described below.
Log Files
As is true of most websites, CCS gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. CCS uses this information to analyze trends, to administer this website, to track users' movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We use a third-party tracking service [called to make it easier for you to navigate our website. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We set a persistent cookie to store your password, so you don't have to enter it more than once.
INFORMATION SHARING, DISCLOSURE, AND PROTECTION
Aggregate (Non-Personally-Identifiable) Information
In order to provide our services, we share aggregated (non-personally identifiable) demographic information about our Employee Clients with our Care Providers and prospective Care Providers, Employer Clients and prospective Employer Clients, and vendors/subcontractors such as call centers and insurers. This information does not identify individual users.
We do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information.
Who does CCS share personally identifiable information with?
CCS works diligently to avoid disclosing personal information except as described in this Privacy Policy. Of course, the nature of our business requires CCS to disclose personal information to others in order to deliver our Services and to meet our business purposes. Accordingly, we may disclose personal information to the following parties:
How does CCS protect your personal information?
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or birth dates) on our website registration or CARE Request, although we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security and privacy.
If you have any questions about security on our website, you can email us at Privacy@corporateCAREsolutions.com.
In addition, you play a valuable part in protecting the security of your information. Your password to access your registration information should never be shared with anyone and should be changed frequently. After you finish using our site, you should log out and exit your browser to prevent unauthorized users from returning to your online CCS account. If you believe someone has improperly used or provided information about you that you did not authorize, please contact us immediately.
USER ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION AND OPT-OUT CHOICES
How can CCS website users access or update their personally identifiable information?
CCS is committed to collecting personal information that is accurate, complete, current, and reliable for its intended use. If you wish to access or update your personal information, or obtain copies of the information, you may do the following:
1. If you have established an online Employer, Client, or Care Provider account with CCS, you may log onto your account to access and update your information.
2. Alternatively, you may contact us at our headquarters by telephone, email, or postal mail:
Corporate CARE Solutions, Inc.
4625 E. Fort Lowell Road #100,
Tucson, Arizona 85712
1-844-888-CARE
Privacy@corporateCAREsolutions.com
How can individuals contact CCS?
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or how we are handling your personal information, please contact us as follows:
Corporate CARE Solutions, Inc.
4625 E. Fort Lowell Road #100,
Tucson, Arizona 85712
1-844-888-CARE
Privacy@corporateCAREsolutions.com
Opting Out of Certain Communications
Marketing from CCS
When you register to use the CCS web site, you will be asked whether you wish to receive marketing information from CCS. If you do not wish to receive such information, you may decline to receive it.
Marketing from Care Providers
As noted above, once a Client/Employee receives Services through our website, a Care Provider who has provided care to said Client may market regular, non-backup sick child care, well child care, and/or adult care services (that is, non-corporate care services) to that Client/Employee. Clients/Employees may opt out of having their personally identifiable information used for these purposes when they register to use this website.Thanks xx
You can use most bottles, you just sit them in the tray under the water release. You can change the height of the little tray you sit the bottle on so only problem potentially is if a brand had a particularly tall bottle that didn't fit but I'd doubt that. I used with MAM bottles.
I’d be wary of the prep machine, the company say it’s safe as it’s been researched but they won’t share this with anyone. There is concern that the hot shot isn’t hot enough/doesn’t stay hot for long enough to kill the bacteria in the powder x
Any bottles are ok.
Loved ours and will be using it again.
(The water it dispenses is definitely boiling water)As soon as I saw them I thought of Annelies van den Berg and her "Hear no evil" collection. These guys were about four feet tall and about 15 feet up in the air. You had to walk right under them to get into the restaurant. We went to Koi for sushi our last night in Vegas and it was very good, not as good as our favorite sushi place in Fort Worth, but still very good!Here are some pictures of the storage ideas for small room. Now, we want to try to share this some pictures for your interest, we can say these are stunning images. Hopefully useful. Perhaps the following data that we have add as well you need.
You must click the picture to see the large or full size picture. If you like and want to share please click like/share button, maybe you can help other people can saw this too. Right here, you can see one of our storage ideas for small room gallery, there are many picture that you can surf, remember to see them too.
You'll be able to take a beautifully decorated room that has no window therapies and by simply adding an acceptable window remedy, you modify the whole look of the room. Color can infuse a room with character on a price range. You'll be able to have a colorful sofa if it is your favorite colour as a substitute of a development. Custom tie backs may have additionally been used in that situation. For instance, one consumer determined they wanted tie backs on draperies as an alternative of having them hanging straight. After consulting with the consumer and completing the suitable paperwork, fabric is purchased and the sewing course of begins. This gives the shopper an concept of what their window goes to appear like if you end up done. There are many ways to decorate with colours.
Typical feedback are, "I don't love these curtains; they're a drab; they're previous." These are a few of the many answers I get from prospective shoppers. The subsequent step is to go surfing and get a picture of fabrics from a fabric site, take an image of the fabric, crop it, and put it into the software program. Nightstands can get a coat of cream paint for a Zen or cottage feeling. This may be something from pillowcases, sheets, or a throw. Layer completely different however coordinating throw pillows to provide a couch a designer touch. This data from a window therapy specialist will show you how to understand the method and what to expect when consulting with a window treatment designer. Eye-catching window treatments really rework a room. Accent items can rework the look of your room.
Use coloration on smaller accent items like ottomans as a result of these can be simpler to change out sooner or later. Changing out your accent items commonly means that your room will always look trendy. You'll have extra of an concept what your room seems like because lots of people can not visualize the finished product. This could also be a impartial brown, black or white that may work with many alternative design styles. Within the mean time it'll make a daring statement in your room. Are you in the strategy of selecting window treatments for a room in your house or condominium? Minor changes are made right now. After completion the window remedies are put in within the client's residence. First, it starts off with somebody calling me, who is keen on having custom window coverings made.
On this program you may take an actual picture of the room, choose the look that you would like to put in the room, and you can actually design the window remedy for that room. Spend more cash in your equipment if you are not decorating your complete room. Decorating with colour creates a focal level in an house if you cannot paint the walls. This is particularly important in order for you to keep white partitions from trying bland, or you cannot paint. Update finish tables in a living room with daring fuchsia or orange paint. Paint side chairs or a kitchen island a sage or worn blue to add nation style to a kitchen. A less permanent way so as to add coloration to furniture is through accent furnishings. Furniture could be an space the place you add in a spot of colour.
Be prepared to substitute your furnishings every few years if it is colorful. This offers the client one thing to have a look at earlier than stepping into the sewing process. Where Does the process Begin? We do a design of kinds and come up with their likes and dislikes and what they might really like to see occur in the room they've selected. I go out to their home and ask them what they like. Color is your opportunity to give your area a distinct flavor. Final touches would come with such issues as ensuring a draped valance is even on each sides or attractively arranging a drapery that is pooling on the floor. What are the ultimate Touches? What are the subsequent Steps? If you reside in a condo or townhouse you'll have the identical lighting and flooring options as the rest of the neighborhood.
Should you loved this post and you want to receive more info with regards to eggplant paint color bedroom assure visit our webpage.
Below are 23 best pictures collection of storage ideas for small room photo in high resolution. Click the image for larger image size and more details.
1. Clever Kids Room Storage Ideas Home Design Garden
2. Creative Storage Ideas Small Space Bedroom Add
3. Incredibly Creative Smart Bedroom Storage Ideas
4. Storage Small Space Ideas Laundry Room
5. Easy Solutions Decorate Small Space Storage
6. Small Room Design Diy Organization Rooms Ideas
7. Clever Storage Ideas Small Bedroom
8. Bedroom Trend Decoration Window Treatment Ideas
9. Space Saving Designs Small Kids Rooms
10. Small Study Room Design Some Very Smart Bedroom Storage
11. Clever Storage Ideas Small Bedrooms Bedroom
12. Best Small Bedroom Ideas Smart Storage Units
13. Clever Kids Room Storage Ideas Home Design Garden
14. Creative Diy Storage Ideas Small Spaces Apartments
15. Storage Ideas Small Bedrooms Budget
16. Storage Ideas Small Bedroom Fancy Diy Art
17. Under Bed Storage Solutions Small Spaces
18. Wonderful Storage Ideas Small Space Fres Hoom
19. Small Bedroom Storage Ideas Budget
20. Cabinet Shelving Storage Ideas Small Spaces
21. Bedroom Organization Ideas Different Needs
22. Small Bedroom Storage Ideas Creative
23. Planning Ideas Storage Small Space House
This month sees the international netball season take centre stage with the fiercely competitive Constellation Cup. World number one, versus world number two in a four match series. This is a must watch for any netball fan (any sports fan really).
The Samsung Diamonds have held dominance over the Silver Ferns since 2011 (the Diamonds have won 23 games from 34 played) but in 2017 the landscape seems to be shifting slightly. Both teams have new line-ups, both are coming off hugely successful domestic seasons and for the first time since 2012, New Zealand won a series involving Australia.
In the recent Netball Quad Series, it all came down to the last game of the tournament. The Silver Ferns needed to beat the Diamonds by four to claim their first Netball Quad Series trophy. Not only did they win, but they convincingly took care of the World Champions by ten goals. The game was won in the first quarter, with the Silver Ferns winning the opener by 18 goals to 10. This included a five-goal streak by Te Paea Selby-Rickit between the four minute mark and six minute mark that saw the score blow out from 3-2 to 8-2.
2017 Netball Quad Series Quarter by Quarter Score:
From the Quad Series there are several statistics that stand out as being pivotal leading into the Constellation Cup. The Silver Ferns scored six more goals than the Diamonds and converted seven more centre passes. In simplistic terms, if a team can convert every single one of their centre passes they win the game.
Two statistics where the Diamonds had the advantage across the tournament were intercepts and deflections. Across the three games the Diamonds had five more intercepts and nine more deflections. However against the Silver Ferns in the last game this wasn’t the case. The Diamonds had seven intercepts but the Silver Ferns had nine and the Diamonds managed to deflect the ball 17 times compared to the Silver Ferns 18.
2017 Netball Quad Series Team Statistics:
The Diamonds penalty rate would be alarming the Australians. They conceded 253 penalties compared to the Silver Ferns 188 across their three games of the Quad Series. An aggressive defensive structure can be beneficial if it unnerves the opposition but it is also a fine line. Giving away so much free possession is eventually going to bite you and this was the case in the final game. The Diamonds conceded 86 penalties (61 contacts and 25 obstructions). This translated in the Silver Ferns having 58% possession. The Diamonds may be able to come out of top against lower ranked teams but with a lopsided possession rate and giving away so many penalties against the calibre of the Silver Ferns, it is always going to make it tough to get that victory.
Turnovers is another statistic where the Diamonds need to improve. They had ten more turnovers across the tournament with the last game they gave possession to the Silver Ferns 39 times. This was the most by any team in six games played.
Sometimes teams have bad days. Maybe this is what happened for the Diamonds the last time they played the Silver Ferns. I am confident that the Diamonds will be fired up and ready to redeem themselves. Two games in New Zealand and two games in Australia makes a level playing field, but I think the disappointment of losing by double figures last time will be enough for the Diamonds to play to their potential and come out on top.
By Christian Eshman, Sports Manager Champion Data
All stats provided by Champion Data
(Official Data Provider to Netball Australia and the Samsung Diamonds)Book a Free Consultation
PRP for Hair Loss
PRP (Platelet-Rich Plasma) for hair loss is a treatment where a patient’s blood is drawn, processed, and then injected into the scalp. PRP for hair loss is a simple, non-surgical procedure. The patient’s own PRP is drawn from their blood and injected into the scalp to stimulate hair growth and provide fuller and healthier looking hair
Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP)
Platelets are blood cells with several roles to play in the body. A small blood sample is taken from the person being treated and put into a centrifuge which spins at high speed. This process separates platelets from the blood taken. The concentration of platelets is then injected into the area of the person’s body that needs to be treated. PRP is suitable for both men and women and has produced excellent result. Blood plasma (PRP) contains active growth factors which can promote hair growth. This a natural procedure, using the patient’s own blood, which does not use any foreign material or animal derivative. Minimal swelling, bruising and redness can occur for 12-24 hours. Mild bruising can occur at the needle site which may be visible for two-three days.
Patients start noticing the benefits and re-growth around a month after the first treatment. A minimum of three sessions for the best results with a gap of four weeks between each session is recommended.
Before & After Results
PRP FAQs
PRP (Platelet-Rich Plasma) for hair loss is a treatment where a patient’s blood is drawn, processed, and then injected into the scalp.
Using Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP), platelets are harvested from the patient’s own blood after centrifuging the blood to separate the red blood cells from the platelet plasma . The plasma is then injected into the scalp triggering increased hair growth.
4-6 treatments are recommended. Each treatment will be spaced at 4 weeks.
PRP Injections trigger natural hair growth and maintain it by increasing blood supply to the hair follicle. This increases the thickness of the hair shaft.
Minimal swelling, bruising & redness can occur for 12-24 hours. Normal activity can be resumed after the procedure, but any exercise should be avoided for at least 24hrs..
Come along and be a part of the Dulwich Park Fun Run taking place this Autumn to raise money for the Cystic Fibrosis Trust!
This fun 5K requires participants to run round the park's carriage way 3 times (we promise to cheer you on the whole time!) before collecting your medal and goody bag at the finish line.
The 5K race starts at 10am, participants can arrive from 9am to collect their running number and take part in our fab warm up!
We ask all participants over 16's (minimum age for the 5K is 13) to raise a minimum sponsorship of £100 for this race, for anyone under 16 we simply ask for you to raise as much as you can! We promise lots of support along the way,Did you know that healthcare coverage gaps in the Middletown area can drive seniors out of retirement and back into the workforce? These coverage gaps can be so expensive that they have left countless seniors with no other option but to deplete their savings and look for part-time work just to get enough extra money to cover basic healthcare. But what exactly are these coverage gaps? And how much money will they end up costing you, specifically? If you’re worried about Medicare coverage gaps, here’s something to keep in mind: you’re not alone. Let’s take a quick look at a few of the facts and figures to see just how many seniors suffer from Medicare coverage gaps in the Middletown area.
Facts and Figures
- There are 3,549 senior citizens living in Middletown right now
- There are only 2 hospitals in the Middlet!
As the data show, there are just about 2,377 seniors in Middletown, Delaware who either don’t have enough healthcare coverage or don’t have any insurance whatsoever. This is an issue in and of itself. However, in the grand scheme of things, this lack of coverage is merely the tip of the iceberg. As people age, their health deteriorates; and, as people move further and further into retirement, their nest egg decreases in volume, earning less money in interest and providing less security against unforeseen circumstances, such as deteriorating health. You might now be able to see just how deleterious this cycle is. This worsening of health as you age is what researchers refer to as the onset of “age-related illnesses,” or diseases that come on in senior populations. The chart below details a few of the more common age-related illnesses in the Middletown population.
Healthcare Costs in Middletown, DE Middletown,).
One of the most attractive aspects of Medicare Advantage policies is that providers of these plans typically provide prescription drug coverage alongside the medical coverage. In fact, these prescription drug coverage options can even sometimes be expanded to be so comprehensive as to be able to extend coverage to medical equipment, such as glucose monitors and testing strips. This makes these policies highly desirable for seniors suffering from chronic health conditions the likes of chronic heart and kidney disease. Even for seniors suffering from other illnesses, the benefits of Medicare Advantage plans speak for themselves over the five- and ten-year windows. Middletown, DE
As the name suggests, Medicare Supplement insurance (also known as Medigap insurance) plans merely supplement your existing Medicare insurance rather than totally replacing it, meaning that you would actually have two different healthcare providers, one private and one public. This alone sets plans of this type apart from Medicare Advantage plans, but the differences don’t stop there. In general, there are only 10 plan types for Medigap insurance, each one aimed at insuring you against the Medicare coverage gaps and the coverage gaps alone. Those plans then fall into two categories, the first of which significantly more limited than the second.
The first four plan types that you should know about are Medicare Supplement insurance Plans A, D, K, and L. These four plans provide significant improvements to Medicare Part A and effectively render Medicare Part A coverage gaps moot. Medicare Part A coverage gaps, in Original Medicare, can be exceptionally high in patients who suffer from chronic kidney or heart disease, making this one of the best potential options for you, if you’re suffering from a similar condition. However, it is important to note that neither of these four plans provide any benefit to seniors with low Medicare Part A expenditures and high Medicare Part B expenditures, because these four plans are designed to cover Medicare Part A and only Medicare Part A.
That brings us to the second category of Medigap plans, which provides coverage for both Medicare Part A and Medicare Part B coverage gaps. These plans include Medicare Supplement Insurance Plans B, C, F, G, M, and N. For the most part, there is no one plan that works best for everybody and there is no one plan that doesn’t work well for anybody. Each plan comes with its own individual costs and benefits, further highlighting the need to speak with an expert before selecting what could very well be the wrong plan for you. Making matters worse is the fact that not every plan is destined to be around forever. For instance, Medigap Plan F is not going to be offered after 2020 to new enrollees. Anyone interested in its comprehensive benefits had better act fast to secure them before it’s too late..
Living in Middletown, Delaware.Darkness of Milky Way satellites sheds new light on dark matter particle nature.
Milky Way dwarf spheroidal galaxies may offer a very good reason why we should revisit our fundamental understanding of dark matter particle properties in galactic halos. In our novel study we highlight how dark matter self-interactions can be the key ingredient underlying the observational information available for these systems.
Time flies. Definitely. So, before reading this post, you are encouraged to take a look at our published paper ... read here!
As I have just said, time flies. Personally, it often does. It's been more than two years since Professor Hai-Bo Yu and I started to share some ideas about self-intetacting dark matter (SIDM). At that time, in the attempt to ameliorate a personal "two-body problem", I was planning to visit University of California, Riverside, right after completing my Ph.D. program in a lovely Italian city such as Trieste. As an unexpected outcome, I've got the opportunity to undertake a new exciting path in my research field in collaboration with Hai-Bo at UCR.
It's fun enough when I think that Hai-Bo and I have both received an education in high-energy physics: generally, these days we may be slightly more keen to follow what actually comes out from the astronomy and astrophysics community. Our great interest in astrophysics and cosmology naturally follows from the evergreen fascinating question about Nature: What are the fundamental ingredients of the dominant matter content permeating our Universe? Nowadays, the existence of non-ordinary (i.e. very likely non-baryonic!) matter can be inferred at many different astrophysical length scales. Yet, its detailed identikit cannot be precisely drawn. At the present stage, the particle searches for dark matter are still ongoing with a few anomalous insights and many null results. As a general consequence, the related microphysics properties of dark matter we delineated so far contain huge question marks as the one for instance reported in Figure 1.
Figure 1 A schematic picture of the dark matter problem and the related interesting question we try to answer in this work, analyzing the stellar kinematics in the dwarf spheroidal galaxies of the Milky Way: Do dark matter particles interact with each other? Is there any evidence of this property in the galactic halo of dark matter dominated objects such as dwarf spheroidals?
While model building in particle physics is certainly fascinating (and quite often fun!), even for a high-energy theorist it may be good sometimes to move away from the vastness of specific models, and rather try to single out a flexible playground where to test and possibly falsify some essential working hypothesis. This is exactly what we had in mind from the beginning when we started to study the internal dynamics of Milky Way dwarf satellites within the SIDM paradigm.
The SIDM proposal embraces the broad class of models that generically predict an ensemble of interacting particles in dark matter halos. A high rate of crosstalk among these dark matter particles in the densest regions of halos enables to establish a thermalization condition that holds in the innermost part of galaxies and galaxy clusters. The thermalization of inner dark matter halos is far most the key ingredient of the SIDM proposal. In such a regime, one can easily predict a cored density behavior at the center of dark matter dominated objects as hinted by the measured kinematics of several kiloparsec-sized dwarf systems. The size of such a core is intimately related to the cross section per unit mass shared by SIDM particles in the inner halo. Importantly, one may also expect to observe a diversity in the dynamics of galaxies of similar size, if the baryonic content in terms of stars and gas distributions differs from one object to the other. Indeed, the SIDM potential well in the inner region is actually sourced by the baryonic distribution of the system: the correlation between dark matter and baryonic profiles may be retained as a remarkable prediction of the SIDM scenario. Last, but not really least, within the SIDM framework one may systematically recover at very large scales all the cosmological successes of the currently prevailing theory of dark matter, the well-studied cold and collisionless dark matter (CDM) paradigm.
So, if CDM is the viable prevailing theory, why should one ever abandon it in favor of the SIDM challenge? Even before collaborating with Hai-Bo, I was actually quite fascinated by this question. Indeed, the increasing amount of works on evidences and hints in the last few years about how SIDM may substantially improve our understanding of the observed galactic dynamics, while offering a satisfactory cosmological picture and novel particle model-building ideas, is effectively impressive and recently reviewed here.
While a general consensus on the small-scale challenges of CDM has not yet been achieved in the community, previously claimed constraints on the possibility of sizable dark matter self-interactions have turned out in this paper to be naturally evaded in the attempt to cure the core-vs-cusp problem in different halo-sized systems, highlighting a genuine revival on the virtues of SIDM phenomenology.
Furthermore, the very first investigation on the intriguing diversity of rotation curves exhibited by many spiral galaxies has pushed SIDM predictions towards an unprecedented good comparison against observational data with respect to the standard expectations from CDM. Note, however, our ability in reproducing realistic feedback mechanisms in simulations may play a relevant role in this context.
Figure 2 These are the fits to line-of-sight stellar kinematics we obtained for each of the 8 classic satellites of the Milky Way. Dot-dashed black lines represent the outcome obtained within CDM, exploiting the concentration-mass relation from corresponding N-body simulations. Blue lines are obtained promoting the dark matter paradigm to the case of SIDM. The thick blue lines, in particular, exploit a general stellar anisotropy modeling, that contrary to the CDM case, allows us to accomodate well data within the SIDM picture.
In order to reach a scale where the role of baryonic feedback may be much less contended and debated, we may have to consider kpc-sized objects sitting at the very faint end of the galaxy luminosity function, yet in our local proximity to be properly observed. From this perspective, dwarf spheroidal galaxies (dSphs) that are satellites of the Milky Way correspond to almost ideal dark matter laboratories. Interestingly, Milky Way dSphs pose another challenging puzzle to CDM, the too-big-to-fail-problem, namely the dynamical failure of the most massive subhalos predicted in CDM simulations in hosting the observed brightest Milky Way satellites.
While modeling of tidal effects due to the Milky Way halo may be an important ingredient in order to possibly address the problem within the CDM framework, many studies on SIDM simulations, see for instance this N-body work and also this more recent one, have highlighted how the SIDM paradigm may be potentially adequate to address also the too-big-to-fail problem. Our study stands out as the first data-based analysis developed at better quantifying such a statement, namely the goodness of the SIDM proposal in relation to the putative failure of CDM predictions against the measured stellar kinematics of dwarf spheroidal galaxies. Our analysis is based on the spherical Jeans analysis as described for instance here. The optimal solution represented by SIDM in contrast to the typical tension in (pure) CDM is depicted in Figure 2 for all the 8 brightest Milky Way dSphs. This figure captures how better SIDM can describe the measured line-of-sight velocity dispersions of Milky Way dSphs while respecting the CDM concentration-mass relation obtained in pure CDM N-body simulations, i.e. how SIDM can effectively solve the too-big-to-fail-problem.
We eventually attempted to provide the first data-oriented estimate of the dark matter self-interacting cross section required by each of the MW dSphs on the basis of their measured stellar kinematics. This has been carried out via a Monte Carlo Markov Chain analysis where we have marginalized over several sources of theoretical and observational uncertainty. Each of the posterior probability density function for the estimated self-interacting cross section per unit mass probed by the 8 dSphs is reported in Figure 3. While such an estimate may be possibly biassed by several limiting factors (e.g., the concentration-mass relation adopted in our study, extracted from the outcome of ETHOS simulation for the case of pure CDM), the net outcome of our analysis is an inferred diversity in the dark matter self-interacting cross section probed by Milky Way dSphs.
What actually lies behind such a scatter in the estimated cross-section values probed by Milky Way dSphs remains to be further investigated. On one hand, it would be reasonable to expect that a phenomenologically viable SIDM proposal should likely point to a compatible cross-section estimate for all the galaxies analyzed here. On the other hand, in the current analysis it may be difficult to assess the systematics due to possible environmental effects of the host galaxy. Therefore, further investigation is certainly needed in order to fully understand the result behind Figure 3.
As our observational knowledge of small-scale systems will improve in the next decade, see for instance a study case for Milky Way dSphs here, the methodology adopted in our paper may serve as a systematic guideline to probe well-motivated New Physics theories in a complementary fashion to what can be done e.g. with high-energy particle colliders. After all, our most important chance to find out evidence for the peculiar microphysics nature of Dark Matter and pin down its fundamental properties, as for the case of SIDM, may actually reside in the most natural dark matter factories we really have at our disposal: galaxies and galaxy clusters!
Figure 3 The self-interaction cross section of dark matter particles extracted from the Monte Carlo Markov Chain analysis carried out in our study. This result is intimately connected with the observed stellar kinematics of the 8 Milky Way dSphs and the cosmological prior on the concentration-mass relation extracted from this CDM simulation.This item is available for immediate purchase and shipping in the EU.
Our TB125 multi-head aircraft towbar is used for aircraft weighing up to 125,000 lbs. (56,699 kg.), and accepts all AERO Specialties aircraft towbar heads in that weight range. The TB125 also accepts other manufacturers’ towbar heads in this class.
The TB125 features an improved, no-maintenance elastomer shock-absorbing lunette assembly, and a no-tool, field-replaceable drop-through shear pin system. The handle has also been upgraded, incorporating an easy-access spare shear pin holder.
AERO Specialties is the approved and preferred manufacturer of towbars and heads for Horizon, Frontier, and Mesa regional airlines, as well as most major FBO chains such as Signature Flight Support, Landmark Aviation, and Atlantic Aviation.
Compares to Tronair 125,000 lbs. capacity multi-head towbars, part numbers 01-1270-0010 and 01-1290-0100.Take a look at this awesome apartment located in the centre of Lisbon! If you're coming here to study, then you're surely going to love staying so close to IST and also within reach of several transport links. Let's sneak a peek! The flat comes with five excellent bedrooms, all bright and nicely furnished to fit the student lifestyle. It also features a cool living room where you can relax, an ample and well-equipped kitchen where you'll have no problems cooking all your daily meals, and two bathrooms. Embrace your academic dreams and as always, enjoy your stay!LAGOS, April 6 (Reuters) - Nigerian mid-tier lender FCMB expects loan growth to be flat this year after it rose 5.4 percent last year as oil companies pay down debt, its chief executive said on Friday.
Ladi Balogun said the group was seeking a retail banking licence for its British-based unit, which offers wholesale banking to boost its balance sheet.
He said the mid-tier bank took a 50 percent impairment of 2.3 billion naira on loans to debt-laden 9mobile, which is in talks with investors to take over the telecoms firm. (Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha, editing by David Evans) 2 minutes for delivery on Wednesday 20 March when you choose Next Day Delivery at the Checkout
If you're buying for a church, school or business, why not Buy Now Pay Later?Find Out More
School of the Presence by Kynan Bridges was published by Destiny Image in September 2017 and is our 12211th best seller. The ISBN for School of the Presence is 9780768415001.Working Outside of the Practice
There are a number of reasons that a specialist may choose to work outside of his or her original practice. Many have a routine of traveling to work out of a local private practice every week. Some only make such a visit on a monthly basis. Still others make this their full-time pursuit by working as part of a dental team at a multi-specialty practice.
If you're giving some thought to expanding the application of your skills, there are a few factors you would do well to take into consideration.
Benefits to the Patients
A noble reason for working out of another office is to increase access-to-care for a wider range of people. Some specialty practitioners make special trips to under-served areas so that individuals who have a hard time reaching an endodontist or periodontist have a chance at getting the care they need.
Multi-specialty practices which provide a broad range of specialists make dental care much more convenient for the patients. This convenience makes it easier for entire families to get the varied care they need. A patient may be more compliant with referrals for special care when they are done "in-house," so to speak.
Another very important benefit to the patients is that key information will be more reliably transferred between dental professionals. A long-time patient of the general dentist can rest assured knowing that records can be relayed in person, avoiding dangerous confusion. This is also beneficial to the relationship you have with the dental team of the other practice.
Impact to Your Practice
Working with another dental professional who has an established reputation can lend a lot of credibility to your own name. Patients who meet you through the private practice for specialized care may be willing to follow you back to your practice for continued care, if needed in the future.
Don't neglect to consider how your absence might affect your existing practice. You may have the goal of leaving altogether to work full-time as part of a dental team, but even until that happens you need to make sure you are balanced in how and where you put your skills into application.
Effect on Your Life and Routine
Consider carefully how the extra travel could affect your life and routine. Is it reasonable to commute to another practice on a regular basis? If so, how frequently? Think about how dividing your attention and energy between multiple offices will affect your family and your ability to concentrate on each patient case.
Getting Started
Begin by reaching out to your network of colleagues who practice in your area. Consider locations that offer a population with enough of a demand to justify your services. Rural areas, for example, might only merit a monthly visit. A highly urban region, however, might need multiple specialists in the same field to be available to fill the need.
Ask general dentists about how many cases they see that could be referred to you. Design a trial session to see whether investing in another practice will be beneficial to the patients, the practice, and yourself.September 24th is a traditional Chinese festival: Mid-Autumn festival, and also.
Today, in order to celebrate the Mid-Autumn festival, Enrich company gave each employee a holiday gift as a holiday blessing, at the same time, we also send our most sincere wishes to every friend of Enrich.
Guangzhou Enrich Building Materials CO., LTD.
We provide customers with quality products and provide high-quality services1955-62 £1 Bank of England L.K Obrien EF
1955-62 £1 Bank of England L.K Obrien EF
$24.95
Product Code
18213
- Issued during the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
- A sensational example of a quintessential British banknote.
- Available in fresh, original Extremely Fine condition!
- Tremendously affordable at under $25!
Free Shippingon all orders over $500
Shop with confidence30 - day money back guarantee
Gst-free*for international orders
Loyalty RewardEarn points while you shop
Downies is delighted to offer the 1955-62 O'Brien £1 note - at a price sure to shock!
This quintessential British £1 note was issued from 1955-1962, during the reign of Queen Elizabeth II. In fresh, original condition, the O'Brien £1 is presented in Extremely Fine quality!
Tremendously affordable, do not miss the £1 Bank of England L.K O'Brien in Extremely Fine!
Write Your Own Review
This item hasn’t been featured in a Downies Official Blog post yet.Your wishlist has been temporarily saved. Please Log in to save it permanently.
is back-ordered. We will ship it separately in 10 to 15 days.
Select Quantity
$71.99
$89.99
The durable compression stocking for natural mobility.
Perfect fit, even during vigorous physical activity. This allrounder in the circular-knitted product range is characterized by its optimum fit and durability.13AG-HALE-IAssistance in course of formal proceedings in antitrust authorities:
- representation in the Federal Antimonopoly Service of the Russian Federation (FAS), local subdivisions of FAS in the cases of breach of antitrust law, advertising law, cases of administrative offences;
representation in FAS, local subdivisions of FAS in the cases on the claims of breaches of the provisions of law related to government procurement and procurement of goods, works and services by certain types of legal entities;
- preparation and filing to FAS of applications reporting breaches of antitrust law, laws on government procurement and procurement of goods, works and services by certain types of legal entities.
Assistance in court disputes with antitrust authorities:
- challenging of decisions and instructions of antitrust authorities in court;
- challenging of antitrust bodies' resolutions on imposing administrative sanctions on legal entities and/or officials;
- challenging of orders on entering business entities into the Register of Business Entities with a market share of certain goods exceeding 35% or having a dominant position in the market of certain goods;
- representation of clients in judicial proceedings related to realization of antitrust law.
Consulting in the field of the antitrust regulation:
- consulting on matters of legality of the requirements of antitrust authorities and the order of their execution;
- consulting on matters of providing information upon requests of antitrust bodies;
- consulting on matters of compliance of the company’s documents and the actions of its officials with the provisions of antitrust legislation;
- consulting regarding deals subject to control of antitrust authorities, drafting and filing notifications and petitions to FAS;
- consulting in course of inspections performed by antitrust authorities, including comprehensive support and assistance during such inspections ensuring full observance of the rights and interests of the person (s) being investigated;
- providing legal opinion on antitrust risks and ways of their minimization, assistance in different clients' projects with regard to antitrust regulation.In year 2003, Teach It Forward sponsored the Feeding Program for
Malnourished
Children in Bagong Silang
Elementary School.
In year 2004, Teach It Forward conducted FREE crafts seminars for
the underprivileged
women of Rizal Angono
.
Give a man a
fish, and he
eats for a day.
Teach a man
to fish, and he
eats for a
lifetime.
I wish to donate
Since 2004, Teach It Forward has conducted FREE crafts and
livelihood seminars to underprivileged women and children.
These charity events gives them hope and practical skills to
improve their way of life.
NEWS & HIGHLIGHTS
Livelihood Product
Yin & Yang
Candles
now available
Community Project
Women of
Angono,
Rizal
Feeding Program
Bagong Silang
Elementary
School
We would like to continue helping these groups, as well as reaching
out to more people in need.
In line with this, we urge you to help by donating any amount to the
Teach It Forward Charity Fund.
Let us help our fellow Filipinos through better education and
practical learning opportunities. THANK YOU.
In year 2005, with the help of kind benefactors, Teach It Forward went
back to provide a more in-depth business & livelihood program for
underprivileged
women of Rizal Angono
.
In year 2006, with the help of kind benefactors, Teach It Forward
added the
San Lorenzo Ruiz Parish Community
to its list of
beneficiaries by providing Beads Craft Livelihood Program.
Feeding Program
Parish Livelihood
San Lorenzo Ruiz
Parish
Community
Teach-It-Forward, Inc. (TIF) is the charity arm of Business Maker
Academy, Inc. (BMA). Established in 2004, we have been providing
business and livelihood seminars, feeding programs and consultancy
services for select beneficiaries and institutions in the Philippines.
About Our Organization
Projects
Our Mission
Teach-It-Forward’s mission is to help underprivileged communities by
providing business and livelihood training and assist them for
sustainable livelihood.
Our upcoming projects include:
•
Dignity Mobility
We are launching a project to provide mobility aids for underprivileged
PWDs and seniors to help them stand up and become productive. The
mobility aids (ie. crutches, canes, wheelchairs) will be made by
Tahanang Walang Hagdanan’s PWD workers and given to select
beneficiaries.
•
Shopforacause.ph
We are building a marketplace for non-profit organizations to sell their
products online, to gain more customers and exposure in the internet.
Our experience in business and livelihood training has exposed us to
the real need of our beneficiaries---to market & sell the products that
they have learned to make.
Call for action:Jan. 30, 2015 For the first time ever, the NFL will air a pitch perfect, poignant PSA by No More.org against domestic violence that resonates on multiple levels and can be used as a tool to uncork important conversations even in the classroom. Scripted with powerful realism, brilliant visual execution and based on a compilation of authentic 911 calls, this amazing PSA is a powerful outreach tool and icebreaker for topics like teen dating violence, consent, student campus assault, bullying,…especially in a year when the World Health Organization has ranked adolescent health as a priority with a worldwide lens of concern focusing on youth ages 10-19!
As with any media literacy narrative, reading between the lines is what it’s all about…listen carefully to what’s being said, and not said.
Airing this Sunday with NFL support, it’s a ‘show and tell’ moment conveying the ‘things are not always as they seem’ reality that readily applies to ALL media narratives, showcasing the need to use critical thinking at ALL times and not take ANY situation at face value.
(In part one and part two, we discussed how media literacy applies to Super Bowl advertising and social media tactics themselves)
Though Super Bowl ads are rife with examples to spring-board out of the shallow end into deeper thinking and murky waters impacting children’s health and wellness, this SPECIFIC public service announcement is a case study in digging beneath the surface to look at the roots rather than the topsoil. I absolutely love it.
How can we use this PSA with teens to instill media literacy?
Open-ended student questions specific to this PSA might be:
Why do you think this is airing during the Super Bowl?
What events precipitated this ad and who is behind it?
Who helped fund the PSA and why? What do you think it cost?
Have you ever been in a dangerous situation where you couldn’t speak freely or truthfully?
What outcomes do you think this might have among students—players–the Super Bowl audience?
What demographics are they trying to reach and do you think they succeeded?
What did you learn about content, tonality, and subtext of messages?
“When it’s hard to talk, it’s up to us to listen” is the tag line, who is the “us” you think they’re referring to?
Who is the “us” in your world with deeper listening skills? (social media? peers? parents? teachers?)
Domestic violence hashtags include: #NoMore, #DV and #VAW
The ‘pre-game’ lineup of social media buzz is already occurring with the #NoMore hashtag for the PSA adding lift to the #DV (domestic violence) hashtag and #VAW (violence against women) hashtag where conversations primarily reside.
There will also be prominent pushback on NFL policies themselves, such as the #GoodellMustGo hashtag by activist UltraViolet calling for the ouster of the NFL commissioner for his lack of enforcement/investigation into pro player’s domestic violence charges and arrests, and cross pollination of their :15 second ad on sites like Sports Illustrated online (SI.com). Citing Public Policy Polling in “Women Flag NFL For Handling of Abuse” 55% of women do not approve of the way the league handles domestic abuse, while 67% believe the NFL should do more to prevent players and other league personnel from assaulting women.”
Students might study the difference between awareness vs action…Super Bowl Ads that persuade for purchases vs purposes…Or even write about the role of advocacy overall as it’s veered into mass media sports events.Students might study the difference between awareness vs action…Super Bowl Ads that persuade for purchases vs purposes…Or even write about the role of advocacy overall as it’s veered into mass media sports events.
Using the No More.org domestic violence PSA, students could monitor the ‘number of shares,’ look at traction and action at a higher level of policy, and debate the efficacy of clicktivism…
They could follow the money trail of ‘sponsorship’ and watch how pinkwashing controversies of NFL’s Pink October are media manufactured machinations vs sustainable change maneuvers…And track NFL policy and behavioral change to incite accountability.
It’s a quick way to teach why turning profiles purple for DV or having football players wearing purple bands may be supportive and social but not necessarily convert to policy and practices.
Students could also report on social media’s role in social justice movements and the spillage into sports arenas (like the solidarity of uniforms/basketball jerseys w/Ferguson/I Can’t Breathe) or discuss media fairness and politics of media coverage in general, like Seattle Seahawks Marshawn Lynch’s personal protest, agency vs. contractual obligations etc.
The choices are endless…and the headlines springing from headline news, current events and pop culture are bound to engage far more than textbook teaching.
What are some of YOUR ideas for using media like this to elicit critical thinking and push toward positive change? Sound off in the comments below. Meanwhile here are some related posts on Shaping Youth to help facilitate more of these important conversations…silence and stigma should be ‘No More.’
How will YOU use your voice?
Related Reading by Amy Jussel on Shaping Youth
Circle of 6 Campus Dating App: What it Is and What it Isn’t
Victim Blaming, “Asking For It” And Baiting Outrage on the Radio
Helpful Resources For DV Outreach, Life Literacy
Teen Dating Violence Awareness Month: Research/Facts
10 Things Men Can Do About Gender Violence: Jackson Katz
Speak Your MindVenus and Jupiter are considered to be the most beneficent planets as they rule what we’d all like a whole lot more of. Venus is love, money, and beauty; optimistic Jupiter is growth and abundance. Jupiter in Pisces has been retrograde* since July 23, and Venus since October 8. The energies of both planets will be more pronounced this week as they revert to direct motion on Thursday, the day ruled by Jupiter.
Having both planets change direction on the same day is akin to Venus conjoining Jupiter, ** especially as Jupiter in Pisces and Venus in Libra are signs these two planets are at “home” in. This combination tends to bring out people’s generosity and tendency for indulgence and excess, along with the desire to socialize. Relationships and diplomatic efforts that got off track during Venus retrograde have a major opportunity to mend fences; coming to agreement by setting aside the dogma and focusing on the highest objectives that all sides involved claim to share (love, peace and prosperity) .
Venus/Jupiter energies can bring large market moves. While the moves have a greater tendency to be bullish, their shift in direction could spur the desire to take profits if the market is viewed as being overbought.
The Sun represents self-identity and leaders. “Follow the leaders” is the other theme this week as the Sun in Pluto-ruled Scorpio harmonizes with Jupiter Monday, squares Neptune in Uranus-ruled Aquarius Thursday, and harmonizes with Uranus in Pisces Friday. All of these solar alignments ultimately connect back to Jupiter due to the close proximity between Jupiter and Uranus since late spring (especially since September) which further increases the potential for large market moves on these days.
Jupiter’s energies are reinforced as the Moon (sentiment) will be in Pisces Monday and Tuesday, a sign ruled by Jupiter prior to Neptune’s discovery. A favorable aspect between Mars in Jupiter-ruled Sagittarius to Saturn in Venus-ruled Libra could elicit action by government regulators that at least for the time being is viewed favorably by the market. The harmonious alignment between the Sun and Jupiter can increase confidence and optimism to buy into the pullback. Even though Congress returns Monday in a lame duck session, these energies reflect wealthy investors hoping their taxes (Scorpio) won’t be rising next year.
All of the energies this week have the tendency to be inflationary. The Producer Price Index (PPI) for October is released Tuesday, followed by the Consumer Price Index (CPI) on Wednesday. PPI is a forward looking indicator as it alerts consumers to the price increases that retailers will be passing through.
MKM Partners analyst Paul McKeever has created a price survey that tracks 86 “every day” grocery items at Wal-Mart (WMT) that has increased 0.6% in the past two months. As the CNBC article points out, “At that rate, prices would be close to four percent higher a year from now, double the Fed’s mandate.” Not that it matters, since the Fed has their preferred gauge of inflation (the core PCE Index) which excludes food and energy costs as well as medical expenditures.
The real purpose of McKeever’s price survey is to ascertain whether Wal-Mart is slowly increasing prices without affecting traffic which would be interpreted as a bullish signal for the stock. Wal-Mart reports quarterly earnings Tuesday. Saturn in Libra is squaring the Wal-Mart stock chart’s natal Venus in Cancer and conjoining Uranus in Libra. Saturn’s influence which is exact in mid-December can indicate that Wal-Mart might have to rollback prices beyond their slogan to maintain holiday sales. Monetary policy is having a double negative effect on Wal-Mart. First, the only thing inflating under Bernanke’s policy are food and energy which consume a disproportionate amount of Wal-Mart customers income. Secondly, the trashing of the dollar makes Wal-Mart’s imports more expensive which squeezes margins.
One of the factors that can slow the market’s upside momentum is Saturn in Libra squaring the USA’s natal Sun in Cancer which reinforces the USA’s natal square between the Sun and Saturn in Libra as the USA undergoes a Saturn return for the first time since 1981. When Saturn in Libra exactly squared the UK’s Sun in Capricorn (Cancer’s opposite sign) on October 20, the UK government announced major budget cuts and spending freezes to reduce the deficit. (An exception was the National Health Service which will get a budget increase.) Saturn transits represent a time to “sober up” and strengthen economic and societal structures.
The Sun in Scorpio squaring Neptune in Aquarius Thursday can bring attention to speculative bubbles, particularly gold (ruled by the Sun) and other commodities extracted from underground (Scorpio), along with Neptune ruled oil and rubber. Combined with Jupiter and Venus turning direct it can inject confusion about whether to take profits or have faith the market is moving higher. GM is set to return to being a publicly traded company Thursday (more about this in a separate post).
Oftentimes an individual (or nation) with the same planetary signature in their chart are prominent in the news at the time the same aspect pattern is repeated in the sky. President Obama was born with the Sun in Leo squaring Neptune in Scorpio. This planetary signature is reflected by the President frequently using the phrase “let me be clear,” as individuals with this aspect in their chart have the tendency to be misunderstood. Inviting Congressional leaders of both parties to dinner in the residence quarters of the White House is the ideal way to work with the energies Jupiter and Venus turning direct.
The Sun harmonizing with Uranus in Pisces indicates that unexpected developments or news from leaders can cause the market to gyrate in one extreme or the other. This is more likely to bring profit taking. Venus stationary direct in Libra together with the Moon entering Venus-ruled Taurus on the day of the week ruled by Venus, puts banks, financials and monetary policy in focus. Libra is represented by the scales of balance. After facing a barrage of criticism over QE2 from global finance ministers to Sarah Palin since last week, Fed Chairman Bernanke will give a speech early Friday morning on “Global Rebalancing.” Venus squaring the USA Pluto in Capricorn in the sector of the chart representing the economy and the nation’s wealth, as well as squaring the Federal Reserve’s Neptune in Cancer can reveal financial secrets and unmask the real reason why the Fed has embarked on QE2. In a post written last month I indicated that good PR for the Fed at this time might be in short supply.
Monday, November 15, 2010
Positive
Tuesday, November 16, 2010
Negative conditions improve to choppy/mixed, reversing to positive later in the day.
Wednesday, November 17, 2010
Positive conditions weaken and turn negative by afternoon before improving later in the afternoon; mixed close.
Thursday, November 18, 2010
Positive
Friday, November 19, 2010
(Options expiration) Negative
*Planets do not really move backwards in the sky but appear to from Earth’s vantage point.
**Venus conjoined Jupiter in Pisces on February 16 which was a bullish day for the stock market.This Item Qualifies for Free Standard Shipping
SKU: 2FSSW4042
A. Jaffe 18K White Gold Quilted French Pave Diamond Engagement Ring Mounting, 0.45aptw
Price: $2,750.00
Details
Shipping Info
Reviews
Questions
Ring Information
- Metal: White Gold
Center Diamond
- Ring can be set with: Diamond
- Max Carat Weight: Round Diamonds = 0.45cttw
Item InformationAn expression of pure love, the A. Jaffe Quilted French Pave Round Diamond Center Engagement Ring Mounting has an extremely ravishing look. This ring mounting is modeled in 18K white gold that lends a luminous aura. A charming center stone set on it will flawlessly complement the diamond embedded shank with round diamonds weighing 0.45cttw, giving it a striking appearance. A. Jaffe uses only hypoallergenic gold and conflict free diamonds, thereby ensuring exceptional quality. Center diamond sold separately.
..
Note: For complete information download Information Bulletin here.International Women’s Day:
A Proletarian Holiday
[Originally published in Women and Revolution #8, Spring 1976]
Bourgeois feminists may celebrate it, but March 8 — International Women’s Day — is a worker’s holiday. Originating in 1908 among female needle trades workers in Manhattan’s Lower East Side, who marched under the slogans “for an eight hour day,” “for the end of child labor” and “equal suffrage for women,” it was officially adopted by the Second International in 1911.).
Preparations for the holiday were made under the most hazardous conditions. Shortly before the long awaited day, the entire editorial board of Rabotnitsa – with one exception- as well as other Bolsheviks who had agitated for International Women’s Day in St. Petersburg factories, were arrested by the Tsarist police. Despite these arrests, however, the Bolsheviks pushed ahead with their preparations. Anna Elizarova –Lenin’s sister and the one member of the editorial board to escape arrest, single-handedly brought out the first issue of Rabotnitsa on March 8 (or, according to the old Russian calendar, February 23) as scheduled. Clara Zetkin, a leading figure in the German Social Democracy and in the international working women’s movement wrote:
“Greetings to you on your courageous decision to organize Women’s Day, congratulations to you for not losing courage and not wanting to sit by with your hands folded. We are with you, heart and soul. You and your movement will be remembered at numerous meetings organized for Women’s Day in Germany, Austria, Hungary, and America.”
–Quoted in A. Artiukhina, “Proidennyi Put,” Zhenschina v revoliutsii
By far the most important celebration ever of International Women’s Day took place in Petrograd on 8 March 1917 when the women textile workers of that city led a strike of over 90,000 workers — a strike which signaled the end of the 300 year old Romanov dynasty and the beginning of the Russian Revolution. One week afterward, Pravda commented
“The first day of the revolution — that is the Women’s Day, the day of the Women’s Workers International! All honor to the International! The women were the first to tread the streets of Petrograd on that day.”
As the positions of Soviet women degenerated under Stalin and his successors, as part of the degeneration of the entire Soviet workers state, International Women’s Day was transformed from a day of international proletarian solidarity into an empty ritual which, like Mother’s Day in the United States, glorifies the traditional role of women within the family.
But International Women’s Day is a celebration neither of motherhood nor sisterhood; to ignore this fact is to ignore the most significant aspects of it’s history and purpose, which was to strengthen the ranks of revolutionary proletariat. Unlike the pre-war Mensheviks who wanted to conciliate the feminists of their day by limiting the celebration of International Women’s Day to women only, the Bolsheviks insisted that it be a holiday of working women and working men in struggle together. As Nadezhda Krupskaya wrote in the lead article of the first issue of Rabotnitsa:
“That which unites working women with working men is stronger than that which divides them. They are united by their common lack of rights, their common needs, their common conditions, which is struggle and their common goal…. Solidarity between working men and working women, common activity, a common goal, a common path to this goal– such is the solution of the ‘woman’ question among workers.”
Today the Bolshevik program for the full emnacipation of women is carried forward by the Spartacist League. We are proud to publicize the real history of International Women’s Day, a part of our revolutionary heritage, and we will celebrate it with public forums around the country presenting the Marxist analysis of women’s oppression and the program and strategy to smash it.
As we deepen our influence in the working class, we look forward to celebrating future International Women’s Days not only through the dissemination of propaganda, but also through the initiation of the full range of activities traditionally associated with this proletarian holiday — general strikes, insurrections, revolution!
Forward to a Women’s Section of the Reborn Fourth International!
For Women’s Liberation through International Proletarian Revolution!
Links to other International Women’s Day statements
V.I. Lenin’s statements
Alexandra Kollontai’s statements
International Bolshevik Tendency’s 1998 statementABOUT THE COURSES
Refined Technique
One of the things that characterizes our schools is the high technical level of the instructors. This is due to extensive experience in training, careful attention to technique – better technique, more benefits – with special attention to didactic methods. All this fruit of our passion and commitment to our Art and life.
Therefore, by our desire for improvement, to preserve the traditional aspects of Luohan Gong in its purest essence and our persevering and unalterable will to offer the highest quality of teaching, bring you this service.
Our courses are structured in such a way that the technical quality is guaranteed for those who strive to acquire it.
Exceptional Teaching Methodology
Besides an impeccable technique, our courses use 3 Paths 4 Steps® methodology, which based and anchored in an ancient tradition, supported in the most rigorous methods and paradigms of modern science. This allows a fast domain and assimilation of the essence of the technics as well as a broad understanding and vision of the many fields of activity of the Luohan tradition: health, sports, scenic arts, business, personal development, martial application.
The method includes face to face and/or virtual classes complemented by theoretical material containing clear and simple instructions, specific technical details, illustrations of each movement flawlessly executed, videos, as well as continuous and personalized advice. All this methodology guarantees learning at the highest technical level in a shorter period of time and with the advantages of being able to perform from home and when you choose.
There are two different kinds of instruction
- Classes by Skype to students who wish to correct their the form and give additional technical details to improve their personal practice.
- The second is Instructor Training classes, i.e. professional training. This lasts for months and is required a special commitment, a strong motivation and a iron will to learning because the dedication of both parties is profound and important.
When you contact us please tell which mode you are interested.Popular has this big vision of being the Edu-Channel of East Asia. With this vision in sight, they are making inroads into China, notably Beijing, Shenzhen and Guangzhou. This is besides their usual operating position in Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Canada.
Popular had been around for a long time, and they celebrated their 80th anniversary in 2004, having been listed in SGX since 1997. They have 3 branches of growth – retail and distribution, publishing/e-learning and their new business segment - property. Publishing is their key contributor to their bottom line. Very recently, they are also going into property, a whole new business segment through their new subsidiary, Popular Land Pte Ltd.
Popular to me is quite a recognized brand name at least in Singapore. I’m quite in tune with the education scene in Singapore so I’m in a good position to know. A lot of students have this popular card membership that entitles them to have discounts of 10%. It’s a paid subscription and offers discounts to other places like restaurants, optic shops etc. And boy do they shop – pens, correction tapes, exercise books and the most essential – assessment books and ten-year series (affectionately called TYS for short). The TYS are so popular that towards the end of the year around Sept/Oct, the shelves are snapped clean of them. Whether this can translate into profits in their coffers is another thing altogether, of course.
I’m going to break up my analysis on Popular into different segments – economic moat, growth, profitability, financial health, risks/bear case and their management. If I’m still up to it, I might want to do a DCF or DDM to arrive at some numerical valuation of the company.
Economic moat
It is important to think about whether Popular has a economic moat around it that prevents other competitors from snatching away its earnings and growth. It appears that Popular does have a certain moat around it, being one of the major publishers in its homeground – Singapore and Malaysia. It is fast gaining a foothold in the textbook market in Hong Kong and Taiwan, but more of that later. To look for evidence of economic moat, let’s take a look at how profitable Popular had been in the past by analyzing free cash flow, margins, ROE and ROA.
From 2003 to 2007, Popular managed to turn 12.7% (5 year average) of its turnover into free cash flow – that is cash flow that is not used for capital expenditures. This means that every $100 of goods sold, Popular managed to generate $12.70 of cash. I do not know what is the figure for its competitors, but I think this is pretty okay to me. Take note this free cash flow mean the cash can be used for anything - paying dividends, retained earnings - and all those capital expenditures needed for business had been accounted for already.
(In case you're wondering why there's a spike in 2006 and 2004 - it's due to a one-off capital gain. That will make the graph more in line with the trend)
I wonder what is the competitive advantage of Popular over other publishers. I mean there are so many smaller publishers so why go to Popular? The answer could be the sheer size of the group, spanning over Singapore, Malaysia, Macau, Taiwan, Canada and China and their enormous distribution network. Popular have this interesting concept called the central book clearing house strategy – big name for something simple. It is a distribution network that aims to consolidate and move books in and out of all the Popular outlets in different regions. Popular aims to achieve this by acquiring and having joint ventures with local distribution giants in their respective countries. In 2004, Popular set up a joint venture with China National Publishing industry trading corporation (CNPITC) to move books in and out of China. It’s a huge step to enter China market, knowing that CNPITC is one of 3 fully licensed book importer/exporter in China. Beginning of wal-mart, anyone?
Is there evidence that this central book clearing concept works? The gross profit margins increased steadily over the years, so it could be this cost-effective way of distribution that contributed to this.
Another possible source of economic moat could lie in the strong brand name. From my humble field experience, I can tell you the first thing people want to purchase ANYTHING to do with school, the first name that comes in mind is popular. They sell packets of cheap stationery, files, TYS, assessments and all the basic necessity of school life. Scores of parents will throw to the admin staff their school book list for the new academic year. So go to any outlet during December and January, you’ll see what I mean.
While there’s no doubt that Popular has a certain level of protection that keeps competitors away, I hesitant to think that Popular has a strong economic moat, given the decreasing margins and returns. Are the profit margins sustainable? Maybe not… yet. If I want to get into this company, I’ll have a bigger margin of safety because of this perceived lack of a strong competitive edge.
Growth
Turnover is increasing year by year, with the % increase yoy falling, which is totally acceptable. I don’t expect the turnover to keep increasing at the same rate as that 10 years ago – pretty unreasonable. It worries me a little if over the next few years, I do not see any increase in turnover growth %- could be a sign of stale sales growth. Nevertheless, a 8-year average for revenue growth of 10% is still pretty good. However, looking at earnings growth, it’s a different story. EPS is a little more volatile, fluctuating between 2 to 3 cts, with 8-year average EPS growth of 3%.
Something wrong with the chart. I realised on 7th sept, 2008, from Decarn that the 3-year average is actually my 2-year average. My apologies...
------------
A 3% earnings growth averaged over 8 years, isn’t that mediocre? I find it hard to fathom why the earnings is only growing at 3% while turnover is growing at 10%. This is exactly the same story when we look at net margins, ROA and ROE – it shows a decreasing trend, so despite the higher and higher turnover, it doesn’t translate into higher earnings.
Now that's something we have to worry about.
Breaking up the business into segments, we see a growth in the retail and distribution segment over the years while a decrease in the publishing/e-learning segment. Profit before tax clearly shows the trend in the two business segment. The drop in publishing/e-learning segment is most likely due to the high development cost and publication cost associated with new syllabus changes in
Popular growth story should be something like this: It managed to sell a lot of goods and services over the years, and this is a good thing. To make better use of the considerable development cost in developing good content for their publications, they are trying to introduce the books to other countries - and they did find out that it can be done. From my own point of view, Popular is trying to spread their pre-school materials over as many places as possible since the development charges are the same - this will spread out their cost and hopefully increase their earnings. It's wise not to do the same for secondary and above because there are different standards to adhere for secondary school materials and so the cost to develop so many contents over so many countries will be too prohibitive to even start it.
Pre-school syllabus are free and open-ended. Secondary school and above syllabus are regulated and subject to changes every few years (meaning development cost in content every few years). A smart management will enter pre-school market, capitalise on our strong primary school education materials (our primary school materials are the best in the world) and keep secondary and above materials in local context. That is exactly what they are doing. Nobody in the right mind will focus on higher levels of education, because there simply isn't a market - while everyone have to go pre-school and primary schoool, the education system will filter out people as we get higher and higher.
Possible growth story in pre-school textbook. Other than that, it's not my idea of a sustainable growth, unless their central house clearing concept makes it so cost-effective that it weeds out other publishers. Remains to be seen, of course.
Popular is going into property too. They purchased 2 residential properties, namely 1 Robin and 18 Shelford Road for development of up-market residential units. They are looking into commercial property and for future potential self-use. This is something totally new to diversify their business. Do what you do best, in my opinion.
Profitability
Take a look at these two table. The first one on top shows the ROA, ROE and net margins over the years. The second one below shows each item on the income statement as a % of revenue.
As I said before, it's good that popular did not have a year where it does not have positive earnings, despite being around for so long in good and bad times. Asset turnover increases very slightly, nothing to worry about over there.
One thing that shocks me is the high COGS of the Popular. Isn't it a bit high at 80% over? If they can find some way to reduce this cost, their margins will be improved tremendously. From this, I can say that either the industry have very high cost of goods sold, or Popular need to control the costs of their production. Could it be that Popular have no pricing power over their goods and services rendered?
Though COGS is high relative to turnover, it had been steadily decreasing over the years. I think there is one main reason for this - their central book clearing strategy. It serves two purposes - firstly is to distribute books that they had spend development cost on to other countries, to 'recycle' their materials sold, and secondly, to make it more cost effective to distribute their goods to different countries.
Gross margin seems to be increasing from 2003 to 2007 as a result of this cost cutting. I do not have data for the gross margins before 2003. But net margins since 1999 is dropping. Conflicting information. But to me, the bottom line wins - if net margins isn't good (4.3% averaged over 9 yrs) and shows trend of decreasing, that is all that matters. The profitability record of Popular, while in the black and shows no real signs of concern of being in the red anytime, isn't bad but it stops short of being fantastic.
Financial health
Below shows Popular's financial bill of health.
The figures for Debt to equities is slightly different from the official figures because I used shareholder's equities as opposed to total equities in my calculation. Debt to equity is pretty low and is dropping over the years, so it's a good sign. EBIT is more than sufficient to cover interest payments an average of 30 times (5 yr average), so it's very okay. Current ratio and quick ratio is also very steady over the years, absolutely no cause of concern at all. Financial leverage of roughly 2 times is considered reasonable, meaning that for every $1 worth of assets, another $1 is borrowed - not excessively leveraged.
Cash to total assets (my own ratio, haha) is quite strong at around 20 plus %, indicating that Popular is far from insolvency. Their free cash flow to turnover % is high also, so it isn't a cause for concern yet again. We can see that Popular is past the growth phase, considering that it has such a high percentage of assets as cash. This is cash sitting around, so I guess the management do not have a better use of it right now. Dividend is pretty consistent, around 40% of net profit given off as dividend, amounting to around 1.2 cts per share for most years.
A clean bill of health for Popular.
Risks/bear case
With appreciating SGD to HKD, their revenues earned in HKD might not contribute as much as they would have like. However, Popular does not deal with derivative foreign exchange contracts to hedge its foreign currency risk, so no big fx losses like those of Sembmarine happening. Popular is exposed to fx risk from HKD, M'sia Ringgit, Chinese renminbi, New taiwanese dollar and canadian dollars.
There is also project risk involved in their developing of course content for the textbook markets. The risk is that they might not recoup their development cost in time if the changes in the syllabus takes place faster than anticipated. But as long as they stay close to the pre-school market, should be pretty okay (so far no or not much regulation).
Their venture into property market - hmm, I don't know why they are doing this. Do they have the expertise to do that? They bought in when the market is high, so it remains to be seen if their investment into property development turns out to be a wise choice or not. Maybe they are sourcing out another way to increase their growth.
Management
I admit honestly that I'm lacking in analyzing the management. But let's give it a try.
Firstly, I'm not sure if this is common - the CEO and the chairman of the board of directors is the same person - the son of the founder of Popular - Mr Chou Cheng Ngok. They stated on their code of corporate governance that this is to "ensure that the decision-making process of the Group would not be unnecessarily hindered". Hindered by what, may I ask? Their board is made up of 2 executive directors and 3 non-executive directors, 2 of whom are independent. The other non-executive director is the son of the CEO/chairman, Mr Wayne Chou, who also sits on the renumeration committee. It's important in this kind of situation to sit in the AGM to have a feel of the power sharing between the directors in the board, as there might exists a possible conflict of interest. The independent directors must be vocal and steadfast enough to voice out their views as the usual checking mechanism of the board of directors on the CEO is missing here.
The directors' fee is not stated explicitly (nothing wrong with that), but the CEO/chairman has 2% of his pay as director's fees, 25% as salary, 57% as bonus/profit share and 16% benefits-in-kind. I thought it's quite good to have most of the pay as bonus/profit sharing, instead of salary. This would push the CEO harder to work towards the benefit of the company. However, since Popular's chairman of the board and CEO is the same person, nothing much to say on this already. I wonder what's the benefits-in-kind that of the the directors have. It's not stated anywhere. I want to find out how much the CEO and other directors are getting in terms of bonus and profit share.
It is stated that the Group does not have any share scheme in place. I take it that Popular do not give share options to employees.
Valuation
This really kills me. Trying to juggle around and find fault in my excel spreadsheet because I was getting ridiculous values like $560 per share (I made a mistake in turnover - per $million instead of $thousands). I even have to look at fishman's blog for some clues as to the process of valuation. I gave up trying to use free cash flow because the value I get is too crazy ($200 per share if you want to know). This is totally a GIGO effort - garbage in garbage out.
Since this is essentially a GIGO effort, I made some creative solutions to the model. Instead of using a one off % to determine the growth in operating income, I used a couple of ratios to help me. This is what I did:
1. I noticed that the turnover per year is growing pretty consistently, so I did a linear regression and I end up with a correlation coefficient of 0.9966 (the closer it is to 1, the more linear the data is), which confirms my observation. So, I found the equation of the turnover to years and spread it out over 10 years.
2. From previous crunching, the free cashflow (FCF) to turnover had an average of 12.7%, so I changed turnover to FCF by multiplying 0.127 by turnover.
3. Next I found out that the operating income over the years is about 35% of free cash flow, so I converted FCF to operating income by multiplying it 0.35 by FCF.
4. After that, it's the same old stuff for discounted model and I end up with a per share value of Popular as 0.830. Since this model is GIBO, I used a high margin of 40% and arrive at an safety value of 0.330.
At today's close of 0.305, it is undervalued according to my GIGO model by around 8%.
Technical Analysis
Long term chart (2000 till 2007) of Popular doesn't good at all. There is a very important and strong dynamic resistance line (red line) that always prevent upside movement of Popular. This resistance line, together with 2 support lines at 0.385 and 0.300 forms a descending triangle - a pattern with bearish tendency. The first descending triangle, developed from 2004 to end 2006 had already been validated after breaking support at 0.385. There is a downside target of 0.270 for this.
Another medium term triangle, formed from the start of this year, is materializing now. Support is around 0.295, so once broken, a downside target of 0.215 is there. Short term, popular seems to have rebound but will definitely test 0.300/0.295 support level again. By extrapolating the resistance line, the two lines of the triangle will converge - pointing to a time period somewhere in the middle of next year 2008. By then, we will see if Popular will pierce through the support level or not.
Conclusion
With a healthy cash flow, good debts to equity ratio, Popular has a clean bill of financial health. It is not excessively geared too, so it should be able to withstand bad economic seasons. The growth isn't exciting, neither is it stagnant, and this can be seen as Popular finds new ways to expand its old business and go into newer ones. However, while turnover is increasing steadily, the earnings, ROE and net margins isn't. This is the thing that I worry most - what's wrong? I would say that Popular is a slow and steady stock to invest in, but don't expect too much out of it. If it pays a good dividend, it might even be a rather defensive stock. There's no coverage for this company by analyst - probably Popular isn't that popular anymore.
-----------------------------------------
This is a pivotal moment in my education in being a value investor. A whole new way of looking at business is now opened to me. I spend a tough one week digesting the annual reports and thinking about the business of popular, instead of the price. This is my thesis on Popular - my hardwork and learning all condensed into one.
Feel free to criticise it, I'll try my best to answer :)
8 comments :
Hi la papillion,
Very detailed analysis, I salute you for that ! The reason why I don't wanna start on a company is because of the sheer volume of numbers to crunch, as you can tell from analyzing Popular. And Popular is considered small by Singapore standards; imagine analyzing Keppel Corp or DBS or even KS Energy and you end up with a larger headache ! Haha..
Anyway, jokes aside, I think your method is essentially very Graham, and less Fisher and Buffett. Graham stresses a lot on quantitative factors such as margins, ratios and FCF. Nothing wrong with that, but sometimes it pays to see if the business has a viable long-term growth in the future. In my view, Popular is in a business which can be easily replicated, as they serve the mass market, and even though they have good branding; a textbook or TYS is still the same no matter who supplies it. That said, I would conclude that there is no economic moat because of the industry it is in. Unless you can justify that its branding is so strong (e.g. Hour Glass, Cortina, OSIM) that people can instantly identify it, I do not think this constitutes a sustainable competitive advantage. Thus, usually I will not bother to analyze the company unless the industry is attractive, it has brand equity and it commands a niche market or a sustainable competitive edge. Just of note: the companies I own possess either one of these traits, which is why I started researching them in the first place.
I feel that the work you did is certainly of value for your experience in value investing; however, a company like Popular may not be the right type of company for a long-term investment, as I see it as a cash cow rather than a star (using BCG growth share matrix). Even using Porter's 5-forces (which I prefer over a quantitative analysis), barriers to entry are very low and customer loyalty is not really there. The threat of substitutes is high and as mentioned by yourself, COGS is way too high at 80+%, giving a GP margin of less than 20%.
I would say this is more of a dividend company which produces steady FCF, rather than a growth company. For consistent yield, you may wish to invest, but for long-term growth, it's not a good idea.
Note: All opinions are strictly my own. I think you have done a splendidly detailed analysis and kudas to you for that !
Hi MW,
Tks for the encouragement, I needed it! You're right, it's just sheer hardwork sloughing through those data.
I haven't finished reading past chapter 4 of Graham's intelligent investor, so it's strange why I'm influenced more by him than others. I haven't read the works of Buffett and Fisher, but since you mentioned it, I'll go and read up on both of them. I'll interested in Fisher, actually, haha :)
Actually, I think you're right about the branding. The branding for popular is good for retail only, but anybody can replicate it. I never thought about that before, hmm.. You mean to say that certain industry will never have economic moat? Can you pls give me some examples?
I guess I'll work on smaller companies first, to acquire the feel of doing FA. More of such analysis to come, this I promise. Hope that one day I can do those big ones like banks, or even complicated ones like pac andes. Haha, but for now, no more analysis for me, I need a long break to avoid burnout :)
Thks again for your comments, I value it!
Hi la papillion,
Great effort, I will probably need more time to digest your analysis.
On industries without economic moat, F&B is one very good example. In fact, any industries with a very low start up cost will have very little barriers of entry. Regulations also play an important part.
I would agree with you that Popular has a certain economic moat. Talk about buying text books and Popular will spring out. However, I agree with MW that Popular is more of a dividend yielding stock than a growth stock not because of its economic moat but rather because the market is too saturated for competitors. Imagine that I want to open a bookstore to sell textbooks, I will probably be selling the same books Popular has and given a choice, would you prefer to go to a new unheard XYZ bookstore or Popular which can easily be found anywhere in the heartlands.
The above analogy applies only to Singapore. I'm a common sense investor hence my views are pretty simplistic. I don't really go into details of a company such as it's ROI, EPS etc unless I want to.
Hi derek,
Thks for your encouragement :)
Haha, I'm learning to do FA so no choice, have to do a lot until I'm confident of my own analysis. I guess for their industry, price is the main thing here. I don't see how much value-add u can do to the products. I'm starting to rethink my idea of popular economic moat.
But thks for your comments, I value it greatly!
Hi Lp,
Didn't think you do finish your analysis so quickly! =P
I read your analysis after finishing mine. Think it's interesting that we both arrive at quite similar results. (But you perhaps gave a bit more detailed discussion at the end)
As you mentioned, I thought its quite weird why margins is so low. I have one conclusion actually, that Popular does have an economice moat in the sense of the a reasonable brand name at home and significant market leadership in the heartlands. But the items the sell are of low margins and very hard to keep customers, who are mainly price sensitive mothers. So combining the two, Popular does not have a economic moat.
Just my reflections!
fishman
Hi La Papillion,
Thanks for the HARD WORK. Salute.
Just my little sharing:
Over years, this company just as all mentioned, it's not an "Exciting" company as compare with others listed company. But it is a slow and steady - doing the biz. (That's why the management now enter into others higher margin area for a better prospect, i think) But is it a wise idea enter into property market during that period? I am not sure, because last year is a peak year for property, higher cost right?
I do not know much about property market, so not sure is it a good entry point IF one need to start the property biz. But the Management would like to increase the "Other Operation Income", i think. Anyway, we shall just wait and see, because biz need times to shows the result.
As for the COGS, i think is due to the high discount given to the customer / members. As far as i concern, "book's margin" is approx. 25% - 45% for retailler. So a 16%/17% net profit is normal. So far i see the company is doing good. Since that, my view is that, this biz is not easy to replicate. It is not as easy as you just open a book shop, then buy some book and sell. As we see the "low % of margin", not many people / biz man really wanted to enter the market, and fight for surviver. But once you survive in the biz, you are hard to be kicked out as mentioned by all people, this biz are able to sustain during bad time too.
As for the ROE, well, depand which comapny you compare with; Right? Thay's why i say it is not an "Exciting" company, but it is slow and steady. Just that, at what price is our entry point, make the different. Today, 8 May 2008, (about $0.290) i think it is ok. Ofcause we don't know the coming performance as the company just enter into the property market, but that is so call "Investment" (correct me if i am wrong); If sure win, like "Singapore pool".... Then there is no chance for the ordinary people like me. hahahah.
Just my comman sense. Please feel free me to comment. Your post and sharing helps. Thanks again.
by,
ec
One thing i like this company is that they don't practice Share Options Scheme. Ofcause there is good and bad for this. I think i no need to state it as most people know already. Just that i see this as an advantage to the shareholders.
Hi ec,
Thks for reading it!
Popular already had the property built on April 07 on Robin road, named "One Robin". Besides, this property business isn't their core business, it's just something that they do with their cash which is sitting there. I suppose the management realised that their business can't give the sort of returns in the past anymore. They did mentioned, however, that they are going to focus on it. One wonders why the unrelated diversification by the management.
Their low ROE (around 10% in recent years) is possibly the reason why management wanted to venture out to property. I personally will not invest in a business with ROE < 15% consistently, but that's me.
Take a look at their EPS over the years:
EPS(cts)----year
2.5---------1999
2.6---------2000
2.7---------2001
2.8---------2002
3.0---------2003
3.5---------2004
2.4---------2005
3.6---------2006
2.6---------2007
4.1---------3Q08
Their 08 earnings is bound to exceed 07 earnings. It's not growing as much as their turnover, which averages around 10% CAGR over 8 years, neither is it particularly bad.
Their net margins is not as high as 16/17% that you mentioned. It's more like 4% (see my attached pics) and there's a trend of getting lower and lower net margins, which testify their rising cost. Books are ultimately a commodity products where prices are the main concern. As such, popular can only compete on pricing, otherwise they will lose market share. It's also why books dun differ much in prices anyway you look.
I also did a valuation for popular using the discounted earnings method, assuming a 4.1 cts EPS for 2008 (i'm conservative) and thereafter an EPS growth rate of 5% (which isn't terribly fantastic and is closing to popular's historical earnings growth rate). The time frame for my analysis is 10 years. Discount rate I used is 3% (based on very low risk, 10 years SG bond rate).
I got a value of $0.434. If you buy at 0.29, you'll get a compounded CAGR of 4.6%, slightly better than CPF rates. If I use 4% discount rate, then the value drops to 0.411, giving a CAGR of 4%.
You still like it? :)We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Share this Product
Availability: In stock
Slinky Black Dress with Fluttering Cut Out Sleeves
This gorgeous black mini dress is perfect for your next night out on the town, and it could even be a sexy thing to wear for a romantic night in. The bodice and dress are close fitting and hugs the curves of any woman. The top features a scooped neckline that is very flattering, and the straight hem ends right at mid thigh for a super short mini dress. The sleeves of this dress are cut out down the middle, and they feature lots of flowing fabric for a lovely retro style.
Each sleeve ties in a tiny black bow at the shoulders of the dress, and they tie again at the elbows. After being gathered twice in this manner, the sleeves fall open to flutter around with the slightest movement, adding motion and flow to this lovely mini dress. This is a one size fits most dress made from comfortable stretchy fabrics that gently hug a woman’s curves.
* Required Fields
Please wait...Kick up those heels at Neon Boots gay bar
- Jesse Vargas and Doug Paulsen dance at the Neon Boots Dancehall and Saloon, a country-style gay, lesbian and transgender bar located in the former home of the Esquire Ballroom at 11410 Hempstead Highway Thursday, Aug. 15, 2013, in Houston. The Esquire has gone through many transitions. It began as a plaice where Willie Nelson played a regular gig and wrote the song "Night Life" about the place. Patsy Cline used to sing there too. The hall eventually evolved into Latin dance clubs and now has gone back to its country roots. ( Johnny Hanson / Houston Chronicle ) lessJesse Vargas and Doug Paulsen dance at the Neon Boots Dancehall and Saloon, a country-style gay, lesbian and transgender bar located in the former home of the Esquire Ballroom at 11410 Hempstead Highway ... morePhoto: Johnny Hanson, Staff
Caption
A small, leather-and-wood Brazos River Bottom's schedule).
"The hype has been phenomenal. Five years ago, we could not have done this," Moore says. "We've got a good staff that are all experienced. And we've got a good general manager that we've got a lot of trust in. We have turned this into a showplace."
More Information
Neon Boots Dancehall & Saloon
When: Grand opening, 4 p.m. Thursday and Friday, noon Saturday and Sunday
Where: 11410 Hempstead Highway
Admission: $3 Thursday and Sunday, $5 Friday and Saturday (free before 9 p.m); 713-677-0828 or neonbootsclub.comWe Ship Fast!
Order by 1PM CST for Same Day Shipping (Mon-Fri)
Magpul CTR Carbine Stock Mil-Spec AR-15 – MAG.
An upgrade vs. the MOE Carbine Stock, the CTR Carbine Stock features a friction lock system that minimizes excessive stock movement, and an ambidextrous QD sling mount, and a 0.30″ rubber butt-pad. – Push-button QD swivel sling mount accommodates up to 1.5″ swivels (ambidextrous)
-″  Reviews
Very happy customer. Great price, great product. Thank you at3tactical!
Great product and fast service from this company. Plan on getting another one real soon.Need Help Now? Call 615-371-5355
Black Mold Removal Nashville
Many people suffer from allergies and excessive dust and particulates in the air and need to do something to improve their indoor air quality. We can help.
Toxic Black Mold Removal in Nashville
First, a better understanding. Not all black mold is the black mold. Typically, the toxic black mold that most people are referring to is Stachybotrys Chartarum but many types of mold can appear black or dark brown, dark gray, dark blue or dark red. In addition to the species, the color of mold is determined by its food, age, and the environment. Additionally, no mold is toxic, however, some molds produce mycotoxins. They are considered metabolites of mold. Some mycotoxins are more poisonous than others, but prolonged exposure to lower toxicity can be just as unhealthy as a shorter exposure to high toxicity level. Molds will produce more mycotoxins when threatened by diminishing food, water, or other species of mold as a kind of germ warfare. The three ways you can be affected by mycotoxins is breathing, eating, and through the skin. While people with low immune systems are more likely to be affected by mold’s allergenic properties, all people, regardless of their level of health, will be affected by mycotoxins. The degree to which people are affected depends on the level of toxicity of the mycotoxin, the length of exposure, and the concentration of the exposure. Mycotoxicosis symptoms can include anything from skin rashes to organ and brain disease to possible death.
How To Remove Black Mold
Now that you are scared out of your wits, let me put this in perspective. Exposure to mycotoxins is pretty rare. With improved handling and storage of grains and legumes, aflatoxin exposure has greatly diminished. Aw, (water activity) necessary to grow to grow Stachybotrys is .94-.98, meaning a cellulosic material (wood, drywall, fabric, etc) has to get and stay saturated for a prolonged period of time. Meaning there has to be a continuous leak in a cavity or behind a vapor barrier with no air flow with an abundance of food for a very long time. So, it’s rare, but it can happen.
What Does Black Mold Look Like?
Usually, Stachybotrys will be hidden and you will never see it until you remove whatever is concealing it. It will be slimy with a pungent odor, instead of fluffy or furry with just a musty odor. Testing from a qualified professional is the best way to identify contamination. Be aware that Stachybotrys spores are big, wet, and heavy, so they are unlikely to show up in an air sample. Many times suspect areas will have to be uncovered to reveal active growth. Always contain the suspect area before any exploratory efforts to prevent cross contamination.
How To Remove Black Mold
Removal of any mold, especially when it is potentially toxigenic, should be done under controlled conditions by qualified professionals. Containment (plastic walls) should be installed in the work area. The contained area should be put under negative air pressure by exhausting to the outside through HEPA filtered fans. Anyone entering or working in the area should wear proper personal protective equipment (PPE). Any contaminated material removed from the containment should be bagged to prevent cross contamination. The remaining structural surfaces should be HEPA vacuumed and treated with an antimicrobial solution. The negatively pressurized containment should remain intact until a 3rd party inspector conducts a post remediation verification (PRV) as recommended in the S520 Standard and Guideline for Mold Remediation. This is not a DYI project.
Divisions of Tier
We can tackle most any problem you may encounter in the environmental restoration industry!
Service Areas
.
1. AT 456.1-30 and Joshua 1-12
Of the 75 lines that are more or less preserved, the first 18 constitute a list of towns. This town list represents places exchanged and ruled by Abbael and his brother Yarimlim. Given the history of conflict and conquest that follows in lines 19-30, it is reasonable to assume that lines 1-18 represent a situation that pertained before the events described in the following lines. Thus these lines form part of a historical record that may be compared with the first twelve chaptersTuesday, December 18, 2018
Speaking of cheating, this A list mostly movie actor who slides often under the radar because of his ability to not be papped can be very funny. That is his thing. He is cheating on his wife and the mistress says he feels guilty but it doesn't stop him from having sex with her a couple times:
Sandler??
Tom Hanks 😞
Hanks because of the random photos clue.
I feel like Hanks would be permanent A+ list.
Hanks is 62.
Doesn't this behavior ever end??
Hanks should be A+ ... Give him a break..he feels guilty//most likely after orgasm :)
Don't post often! But gotta stand up for Hanks. I also don't think that being funny 'is Hanks' thing.'
LOL. Inquiring minds want to know! Does the dick ever wear down for goodness sake?
@ericasees: I don't think it's Hanks, but he did start out as a comedic actor. So, being funny is something he does.
I read this to mean that his attempts to not be papped are funny (Kinda like Tay Tay's walking backward) So.... ?
Dustin Hoffman
Steve Carell?
Doubt it is Tom Hanks.
Will Ferrell
Jeff Bridges..only human after all
As @Guesser said, Enty in random photos yesterday:
"If you would like to be seen with the very rarely papped so I'm guessing someone from the store called it in Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson..."
Slightly odd that he'd mention it without context. But with this blind?
if this is steve carell I dont want to live in this world.
also I take back my tom hanks answer bc its true, he would def be called 'permanent A list'
sandler does fit tho.
a lot of ppl forget though that Tom Hanks was having an affair with rita wilson while he was still married AND while his wife had cancer. his wife died and then he married rita....shaaady
According to Enty's A TO D List...Tom Hanks is "Permanent A list mostly movie actor who is someone who you probably would love to drink with for hours and have him just talk" - keywords being "permanent" A list. Unless Enty is getting sloppy with his rankings, this isn't him.
Paul Rudd
I'm going with Kevin Hart. He's rarely snapped while out partying (or leaving parties with women) But the fact that he was SUPER apologetic on social media that one time he got caught in that fuzzy pic with some random girl makes me things its him.
@OriginalKK
omg Paul Rudd could be it!
Will Ferrell
+1- notthisagain. And I’m just throwing out a name here- how about Seth Rogen? We could debate on the funny part
Yup @ notthisagain. I clearly remember this. Now Rita just finished her chemo.
I absolutely refuse to believe it's Adam Sandler!!
Funny is his thing sounds like Will Ferrell and eliminates Hanks (too many strictly serious or dramatic parts)
Carell - Office is TV so it would be mentionedVolant-Chem, ISO9001:2000 certified, is dedicated in manufacturing of fine chemical and intermediates. With the biggest capacity for sulfo products in China (6000MT per year), and thousands of tons capacity for fatty amines, fatty tertiary amine and quats, we export more than 80% of our products to Europe and USA. With Flexibile production facilities for different product lines, we provide flexible batch size and specifications as per customer's requests. With our professional team in production, R&D, marketing and logestic service, we serve our customers with up-to-date technological and market information, agile price strategy and door-to-door delivery service to any customer in any country.
SulfonamidesDortmund: Bastian Schweinsteiger is welcome to join the Germany coaching staff, national team coach Joachim Loew said."
The 35-year-old former Bayern Munich and Manchester United midfielder has effectively hung up his boots as his current team Chicago Fire team failed to make the MLS play-offs. Shortly before Tuesday's announcement on social media by Schweinsteiger, Loew said the midfielder could join his staff.
"We will always have a place for him," said Loew in Dortmund where Germany are preparing to host Argentina in a friendly on Wednesday. "I don't know what his plans are," he said, adding "any player who has ever played in the national team, and has the goal of being a coach, is always welcome here to get a taste of what it's like".
Schweinsteiger's former national team-mate Miroslav Klose was briefly part of Loew's coaching staff, as a forwards coach, until last year's World Cup. Schweinsteiger retired from the national team in 2016 after making 121 appearances.
Loew heaped praise on Schweinsteiger, who helped inspire a 1-0 extra-time victory over Argentina in the 2014 World Cup final despite a cut under his right eye. "Everyone has a picture of him in their heads: blood-stained in the Maracana (in the 2014 World Cup final), he got up again and again and gave everything. "He is one of the greatest players in German history," enthused Loew. "You could always feel his will to win. He was a great player and a great personality."
Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now Daily Run
Daily Running of Phoenix
From the player perspective it just seems a case of create some orders and press submit. The orders are collected, processed along with everything else and the results generated. This can lead to confusion as to why certain things happen as they do.
This is essentially a breakdown of what happens on a given day.
Start - Around 7am
Only turns that have been submitted by 6.50am GMT can be guaranteed to meet the deadline.
Download Emails
This checks a specific mailbox, pulls down everything and deletes them from the mailbox. It then has to decode any attachments, remove spam and check passwords and positions before adding them to the directory for incoming orders.
Possible issues
If the mailbox is not accessible the game will halt until the issue is resolved. We once had an issue with somebody mailing their entire turn directory as an order attachment. This caused the game to crawl as it attempted to download and read it for possible turns. This prompted a limit on the mail size to be set. Early on there were issues with unusual encoding for file attachments. These though have long since been resolved and we haven’t had issues in nearly many years.
Download Nexus Turns and Ancillary Data
While the game engine is dealing with the emails, DBsync shunts down turns that have been uploaded to Nexus from off-line order editors and those created using the Nexus Order Editor. Again there is a fair bit of data checking.
Ancillary data includes new ship designs, votes, changes to relations, mission actions and most importantly any new users (sign-ups).
Possible issues
These are not too common though generally relate to the shunting down of data. Data drop-outs can cause partial data downloads though DBsync has an indicator when this happens and a manual download can be initiated if necessary. This tends to occur when there are world events that are making the internet unstable (ISP maintenance, hacktivists hitting major nodes).
Once this has been done, Nexus is updated with the game status.
Maintenance Run
The next step is purely Game Editor and starts the process of organising the daily run. It updates the game with respect to new accounts and mission requests along with working out votes. There are quite a few steps to this of which the primary output at our end is a list of politicals to be maintained on the day and their current wealth.
Once these steps have been completed, a list of positions due for maintenance is generated. All positions undergo maintenance once per week on a pre-set day. For ships this is merely paying wages and seeing if the ship and its cargo decay a little more. For starbases it includes a full raft of checks, including research, production and merchandising to name a few. For starbases, outposts and political positions it will also process any orders that have been submitted for the position along with any standing orders, these being orders that have been specifically set to run at the time of maintenance (special actions are shuffled out and set for processing later in the day). For other positions, their orders will be processed later, even if they are maintained now.
The positions are processed sequentially from the first position to the last in the list.
Possible issues
The only real issue with this is that when a starbase, outpost or political has been set so that it runs after another position. If this happens to be on its maintenance day, it will remove any sequencing as it processes the orders for the position during this stage.
Orders Run
After the maintenance run is completed, the game editor moves on to create a list of all positions that have orders to process. This includes starbases, politicals and outposts that have not had their maintenance on this day. In the case of these positions, they need to have submitted a request update along with the submission of orders of the results of their orders will be appended to their between turns file to be generated when they next have a turn.
This is the longest part of the day and can account for thousands of positions encountering hundreds of positions. The amount of data that is processed means that a lot of effort has been made to make the code run as fast as possible where the code segments are used a lot. Nowadays, all positions are loaded into memory when they are first called and remain in memory until the game is closed. There are still a few more tricks to pull that Darak is working on though the separating of the run into orders and specials means that turns are sent out much earlier in the day.
Possible issues
This is a robust part of the game. If issues occur then it is highly likely that they are due to a recent upgrade. Positions that enter battles have their turns suspended and the position is removed from the front interface to prevent dozy GM meddling. This means that in some circumstances the submission of a special action will not even be accessible until after a battle is run. This can occasionally prove frustrating for players seeking to issue a mid-battle action.
An issue that thankfully happens infrequently is where a sequence includes a position with a special action. This halts the entire run in order for the GM to deal with the special action. The usual culprit is a ship in the middle of nowhere doing a surface exploration that has inexplicably been sequenced to a bunch of other positions presumably by accident. The other suspect is a base issuing a special action along with build hiport and therefore sequenced before the delivering ship. Occasionally, in fact, very rarely, there is a legitimate reason and the special action will be dealt with there and then.
Generally speaking, a halt in the run is spotted fairly promptly and dealt with. If you have sequenced specials into a run and turns arrived later than usual, then you probably have yourself to blame...
Battles
Battles require little more than selecting the identified battle and pressing a button – though the Game Master may take a closer look at any battle prior to initiating it. This may be done if there is something suspicious about the battle. These sorts of things used to be much more common, before the days of alliances, do not target lists and relations. On more than one occasion I have intervened for example when a Confederate (or was it Brotherhood) starbase and platform mistakenly added everybody to the enemy lists. I think that the pre-combat list indicated that a few dozen starbases, outposts and many more ships would have been pulled in.
Possible issues
This has been something of a minefield over the years as players have always pushed the boundaries. The biggest bugbear to date was the sending of entire warfleets into combat without enemy lists. The reliance on defend and support only resulted in spiralling checks as it looked for anyone willing to attack so that it could assign everybody to following them – over a thousand ships and not a set of balls between them. Something of an inruptus castratum. The code has now been modified to prioritise checks making this issue a thing of the past.
Where we are aware that there could be an issue, such as battles with thousands of ships, we will as a precaution take a battle-back-up. This pulls only part of the game data but reduces the time for a restore considerably. Over the years as the code has become ever more robust, this feature, like many others has become largely redundant and an unnecessary time constraint.
Finish Order Run and Send
After battles and updates to battling positions have been completed the next step is to add the manifests to the positions in the order run and any positions in the maintenance run that are to be sent out. This leaves only the positions with special actions, investigations and explorations outstanding.
At this point the game has generally been running solidly for around two hours and everything should have been received before lunch (in the UK).
This step assigns the turns to the email client and DBsync, freeing up the editor for the Game Master to deal with the remaining positions and their orders. As these are two separate programs they run simultaneously. On a day with few internet issues, the uploading of turns to Nexus will take around an hour while emails take around twice as long. Nexus is updated as to the progress.
As part of the step Nexus is also updated to include changes in markets, squadrons, treaties, stellar transactions, missions and a raft of other things including personal data.
Possible issues
The main issue is internet connectivity. While DBsync attempts retries that cope very well with natural blips, a longer drop-out will cause a halt that needs to be manually reset. This can cause timing issues as a complete fail close to the end of an upload requires it to start again. This is because it is normally a lot faster to upload all the data files (html turn results) then update the database that links them to Nexus accounts.
The email client however deals with turns individually so any drop-out simply requires the client to be started again. These are not particularly common.
Specials Run
Before we separated special actions from the orders run there was always the pressure to try to finish the run as fast as possible, or at least defer special actions if it was getting late in the day. This is simply because players need time to evaluate the results of the day before creating and submitting more orders. In the case of battles getting the results of a battle back in the early evening meant submitting orders for the next day was very difficult.
During this phase the Game Master simply deals with the explorations, investigations and special actions submitted for the positions. This is often very time consuming with the need for breaks (some days can feel like sitting exams). More details about being a Game Master for Phoenix can be found in IGN 5. Breaks in this case are often doing other things for the game such as writing IGN’s, looking at data in the game, discussing game improvements with Darak and answering PM’s – amongst other things.
Possible Issues
There is always the situation where a special action can present itself as part of a sequence of turns. Often this is simply a player getting over enthusiastic with the sequence request and they don’t really need some chaps to examine amphibians before their warfleet teams up with the rest of the armada. When these pop up a quick glance at the sequencing list allows the position to be removed from the list. There is also the potential that the actions of the position could trigger a battle though to date this has not happened in a situation where it is at all significant.
Send Specials and Back-up
The sending of these turns is as above, though rarely takes more than a couple of minutes though this second time there is also turn fee charges included. Following this the game normally initiates back-up.
Weekly Markets
On a Monday, there is an extra step. This calls the routines that sell goods from starbases to the planetary markets. This step also deals with income generated from claiming systems. This is very intensive and takes more than an hour to run though as it is done overnight, has no significant impact on game timing.
Bank Holidays
With Bank holidays everything is effectively run twice, one complete day after the other. The only real difference between the two runs is that in the first run only a couple of hours are spent doing Game Mastering (investigations etc). Sometime after lunch when an hour or so has passed since turns have been uploaded, all remaining positions will have their orders deferred. It is not quite this arbitrary though. The Game Master will have a look at the turns to see if some are urgent and try to give appropriate priority.
Deferred positions will depending on their type, be pushed through the next run or their next maintenance (in the case of bases). Then it is just a case of completing the stages and starting again with a new
|
|While going through the editing process for Divergent EDU my editor left me a comment in an area where I alluded to divergent thinkers using deep reflection to develop their core beliefs. She told me to give readers examples of questions that they could ask themselves to drive deep reflection. My first thought was that deep reflection is so personal, how could I give anyone directions on how to do it? But I started to pay attention to my own line of thinking while I reflect, and I think there are some questions that can be used to guide deep reflection in a variety of situations, even though the path of the reflection is very personal to the one doing it. It took me until I was an adult to figure out how to deeply reflect. Nobody taught me how to do it and the only reason I know now is that I made it a mission to discover what deep reflection could do for me. Deep reflection is also one of the five characteristics of a divergent teacher that Elisabeth Bostwick and I laid out in this blog post..
So often we regard the question, “How could things have gone differently/better?” as the be-all and end-all of reflective thought. It’s a fine place to start but does not necessarily lead us down a path of reflection that will end with how our involvement affected the ending. It still gives us the room to blame other people or things for anything that may have gone wrong. Deep reflection begins with questions that force us to think deeper about a situation. We may use just one of these questions or a few, but the result will be our discovery of adjustments or changes we can make within ourselves to change the trajectory of similar situations moving forward.
Is there something in my own personal or professional journey that is creating an assumption or bias?
Lately, there has been special attention brought to how our journeys and personal stories affect the way we act, believe, and teach. I am 100% in support of that being the case (as proven by my book The Fire Within). After all, it’s our differences that make us stronger together. However, it’s also our journeys that have embedded certain assumptions and biases into our thinking. It is nearly impossible to operate completely without them, but it is important that we recognize if there are internal drivers for decisions we make and the interactions we have that may be affecting them in a negative way. Recognizing assumptions and biases and opening ourselves up to testing them in favor of finding alternative ways of handling situations will move us to more effective decision-making and divergent thought.
Are my expectations appropriate?
This reflection path will most likely be followed up with additional questions that can range from logistical (Have I provided them with the professional learning opportunities they need to do what I’m asking them to do?) to spiritual (Is there something in their past/current situation that makes this change/decision/action difficult and they may need more emotional support?). In order to answer this question completely, you may need to gather additional information and return to the reflection. Another question that would fit into this category: Do I have the right to have my expectation of this person, or should it be up to them to set their own expectations upon themselves?
What could I have adjusted to create a possible alternative ending?
In Wisconsin, if you are in a motor vehicle accident and you have gotten rear-ended, you are still partially at fault. Why? How could this be when you were just sitting there waiting for the light or parked legally minding your own business? Because you were there. Because had you not been in that spot, the accident wouldn’t have happened. Every situation that we reflect on is similar to this concept. We have had a part in the outcome. Sometimes, it’s something major that affects relationships, breaks trust, or perpetuates a negative feeling. Sometimes it’s as little as an unintended initial reaction or facial expression. There is always something that we can adjust in order to adapt to any situation and possibly change the ending. Deep reflection allows to see these things and create an alternative ending when it happens again in the future.
Do I have something to apologize for?
A friend once told me, “I don’t like to apologize because it’s hard.” But I feel like if it’s really that difficult, that usually means it’s the right thing to do. Something being hard should never stop us from doing the right thing and sometimes that means swallowing our pride and apologizing. An important follow-up question is: Am I really sorry or am I just saying it to move on? Also, just saying I’m sorry really isn’t enough. When the apology isn’t specific, it loses some of its power. It needs to be truly authentic and the added specificity will help the person know that you’ve given it thought and you know where you went wrong. If you just apologize just to satisfy someone or move past a bad situation, people will know. I have actually said these words: “I’m sorry that I made a decision that didn’t make sense to you at the time. Not only did I allow other situations around me influence the decision that affected you, but I didn’t give you the information you needed to see why I was making the decision. For all that, I am sorry.” Also, just because you reflect and process and decide an apology is necessary, don’t forget that the person you’re apologizing to may need additional time to reflect and process the apology depending on the severity of the situation. Be reflective enough to understand that just because you’ve decided to say you’re sorry doesn’t mean that the other person is ready to accept it.
What did I do that went really right?
Deep reflection doesn’t always mean we are looking for ways we have screwed up. It’s just as important to remember and celebrate what went well so we can replicate it if similar situations would come up in the future. If we never celebrate the great things we do we will live with the anxiety that nothing we ever do is right and that’s certainly not true of anyone. The trick is to find the balance between recognizing what went right and what could be adjusted in order to find our areas for growth while still remaining positive about what we accomplish.
True, deep reflection is a skill that needs to be practiced. Some people do it during quiet, alone time and some need to write it down to work through it. It’s not always a fun process as we are looking for ways we can improve or situations we may have negatively impacted, but the amount of personal and professional growth that can be experienced is exceedingly rewarding. There are few other activities that can have such a lasting impact on how our relationships function and our decision-making process.
New Delhi: Shraddha Kapoor and Rajkummar Rao's 'Stree' has hit the right chord amongst the viewers. The horror comedy has emerged as a sure shot winner at the ticket counters with vie...zeenews.india.com +
Friendship and tackling peer pressure
Watch: Healthy And Delicious Tea-Time Snack Ragi Rava Dhokla Recipe!
Here’s What You Can Eat To Avoid A Hangover This Weekend
Railway Mutton Curry RecipeChanges sought to Bellaire's pool plan
Residents want green space kept, county grant axed
The Bellaire Parks and Recreation Advisory board is back at the drawing board, after about two dozen residents suggested changes to the proposed $1.8 million new aquatics facility for Bellaire/Loftin Park.
At last week's joint public hearing before the parks board and the Bellaire City Council, several residents suggested the city should preserve many of the mature trees in the park area, consider whether two planned swimming pools should be built at the same time, and urged the council to preserve the open space ordinance governing Loftin Park.
Some residents also asked the city not to accept Harris County grant funds to build the new pool, saying it could cause overcrowding and parking problems.
If the city uses a $250,000 grant that has been approved by the country, the city of Bellaire would be required to charge residents and non-residents the same price for admission.
The new aquatics facility would replace the 50-year-old Bellaire swimming pool, with a six-lane lap pool for exercisers and competitive swimmers, a wade-in leisure pool for family play, and a spray-ground featuring water fountains and play equipment.
The planned improvements include a two-story bath house that would contain a community meeting room.
Members of the parks board said the proposals under consideration are just that, and stressed that they would be continuing to work on a final plan to present to the council in mid-July.
Several residents, including Dr. Ellen Gritz of M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, stressed the need for shade structures to protect pool users from skin cancer. Gritz provided detailed statistics about skin cancer in a letter read by Mayor Pro Tem Phil Nauert.
Carol Phillips urged the parks board to preserve the mature trees in the park.
"Before council approved the park's master plan, we were told that all the trees were shown and would be worked around," she said. "This has never been correct. The trees have been ignored in all decisions made so far."
Her concerns about trees were echoed by Bellaire resident Kathy Riggs.
"Consider where people not in the pool do congregate, under the big trees in the corner of the current pool area," Riggs said.
Phillips also suggested city officials consider building the proposed facility in stages, and keep the current Bellaire pool for lap swimmers and swim meets.
Bellaire resident Richard Phillips' idea was to build the new pool in phases.
"Build the small play pool first, then evaluate whether you want to take out the existing pool," Phillips said.
Parks board chairman Peter Boecher and other members of the panel assured residents the proposed plan is still subject to revision.
Boecher also said the parks board plans to protect trees and to abide by a city ordinance that requires Loftin Park to be reserved as green space.
Several council members and the parks board recently toured new swimming pools in The Woodlands and Conroe.
"Those visits showed that studies about swimming become a more popular form of exercise are true, at least in part," Nauert said.
In Conroe, the city's new swimming pool is already crowded, he said.
Nauert said that pool has a feature Bellaire is considering for the proposed leisure pool, which is a zero-depth wade-in facility so toddlers can feel comfortable in the very shallow end of a family-friendly play pool.
Mary Beth Flaherty, president of Patrons for Bellaire Parks, urged the board and council to develop a pool that would serve the needs of the entire community.
"I just encourage that whatever becomes the final plan to be a plan that actually accommodates all ages of citizens in Bellaire," Flaherty said. "It needs to be something that will cover all ages for the next 50 years. We all have seen the trends. Swimming is becoming a very popular way to continue exercise from childhood to adulthood."The workspace of the future is one that is tech savvy. Long gone are the days that typewriters were used to write important documents and fax machines were our only ways of communicating with fellow businesses. Still, new and innovative technologies come out every year that continue to change how businesses function. As new technology comes out, companies must adapt in order to be successful in this day and age. For instance, while everyone already has a phone, many companies are already adopting work cellphones to connect with the company easily. This is only one example, among various other tech tools that your company needs to flourish. This article will touch upon the four technologies your office should adopt, if it isn’t already.
Interactive whiteboards
Your company’s meetings require some tech-savvy additions. While pie charts and graphs are great visuals to get your points across, the best way to grab the room’s attention is with an interactive whiteboard. Your ideas require the appropriate tech visual that will make an impact on the meeting. Already these high tech whiteboards are being used in the classroom and should be expanded past that.
Office phones
A telephone is a lifeline to the outside world. All companies must have office phones available for those working there. Regardless of the type of industry, both customers and inter-business communication will require a line of contact. Some companies are even offering their employees a secondary cellphone, one they can use solely for work purposes. This will benefit the access the employee has to the company as well as save reimbursement costs from using the personal phone for business purposes. Work will run smoothly when you primarily use a business phone during business hours. Of course, a phone must also be equipped with the most tech-savvy voice mail system, such as that from American Voice Mail, which is customized to fit your specific business and industry.
Strong Wi-Fi connection
A Wi-Fi connection can be found just about anywhere right now. From your local coffee shop to the inside of a mall, it is ubiquitous. While almost everyone’s work requires Wi-Fi for the day-to-day functioning, it must also be a strong Wi-Fi connection. It means that the company must make sure to always opt for the best Wi-Fi servers available. Even having a backup Wi-Fi is beneficial in the event the initial one goes down due to a shortage.
Security systems
The fourth technology that every company must equip their office space with is a functioning and efficient security system. It includes both camera surveillance and Internet security. All security systems must be tested to ensure they work, which is incredibly important and necessary in the event of a break-in. You can never be too safe, and you do not want confidential files ever to be taken because you have not set up the appropriate passwords and lock systems.
Your company’s tech-savvy equipment is advantageous for the day-to-day functioning of the workspace. Businesses existed before the latest technology, but for the modern business to succeed, it must adapt. New technology is meant to bring with it new opportunities that make life easier. The sooner you realize the benefits that workplace technology has, the faster the company will benefit in the long run!
Be the first to write a comment.feldspar crusher for glass valuation of stone crushing unit
feldspar crusher for glass valuation of stone crushing unit. Home >> feldspar crusher for glass valuation of stone crushing unit; Get In Touch. feldspar crusher for glass valuation of stone crushing unit
quartz crusher feldspar crusher - sacredheartacademy.co.in
feldspar crusher for glass - lesfrenchicoza. Feldspar Crusher Feldspar Crushing Feldspar Grinding Crushed Feldspar Appliion Feldspar minerals is widely used in the ceramics industry which accounts for 30%, in addition to being used as raw materials in glass industry ( about 50,
feldspar used in pottery and glass industries – Granite ...
Feldspar — Feldspar is a rock-forming mineral. It is important industrially in making glass, ceramics, enamelware and soaps. It is also used in making bonding
feldspar crusher news – Grinding Mill China
Sodium Feldspar Crusher - News of Joyal Crusher Feldspar is used to make dinnerware and bathroom and building tiles. In ceramics and glass production, feldspar is used as a flux.
Feldspar jaw crush station in Ireland - thechangesacademy.com
chrome ore mining processing albania .. to crush lumpy chrome ore requires jaw glass bottle jaw crusher in spain glass bottle jaw crusher in spain .. feldspar. Feldspar Mobile Jaw Crushing Plant From United Kingdo. stone crushing plants from united kingdom; and crusher comprises mobile crushing plant, jaw united ore crushing feldspar stone ...
feldspar crusher crush - connexionscarhire.co.za
Aug 06, 2012· Feldspar crusher,feldspar grinding mill,feldspar Feldspar powder making, CME crushing machine are usually used to crush concrete, glass, porcelain . 【Live Chat】 feldspar crushing faq - arisesolutionin
what is the melting point of feldspars – Grinding Mill China .
feldspar crusher for glass - cict.co.in
Home feldspar crusher for glass. feldspar crusher for glass. what we use qaurtz for - namesprojectsouthflorida.org. what we use qaurtz for. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size-reduction.
how to crush glass into sand - rewagen.eu
Aug 13, 2018· Feldspar is the most common ore in the earth crust and it even… Iron ore beneficiation plant. ... Glass crushers pulverize all types of glass to a non-sharp,, They are a great way to recycle glass into a new, For example crushed glass can be used as: Glas-sand.
Feldspar Crusher - (Shanghai)
Feldspar is main component of igneous rock, which plays an important role in classifying rocks. Feldspar containing potassium or sodium can be used in ceramics, glass and enamel industry. European Type Jaw Crusher ...
Mobile Crushing Glass To Sand | Crusher Mills, Cone ...
glass bottle crusher machine for sale, crushing glass to sand … VSI Sand Machine For Crushing Glass. VSI Glass Crushers generally use a high-speed spinning rotor at the center with the crushing …
feldspar crusher for glass - greenrevolution.org.in
Large jaw crusher processed feldspar in the glass and ceramics industry. It is understood that the feldspar is the main component of the glass mixture, feldspar containing high alumina, low iron content can be reduced to an amount of a base.
Jaw Crusher
Jaw Crusher XSM excellent mining crushing machinery products or production line design, the company is committed to building the Chinese brand mine crushing and processing machinery, mainly crusher, mill, sand making our products (Jaw Crusher) in more than one hundred of …
Glass Crusher - Sunco ...
Characterization of the Jordanian Feldspar Raw Materials ...
The SiO 2 content in the Wadi Al-Jayshiah feldspar (67.96%) lies within the required amount in commercial ceramic grade feldspar (75%) and the in commercial ceramic glass feldspar (68.9 %). On the other hand it was found that the contents of K 2 O and Na 2 O are 4.13 and 4.12, respectively, which makes it suitable for the ceramic industry.
Feldspar Price Per Ton, Feldspar Price Per Ton Suppliers ...
Apr 07, 2017· A wide variety of feldspar price per ton options are available to you, such as raymond mill, ball mill, and jaw crusher. There are 38 feldspar price per ton suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying country is China (Mainland), which supply of feldspar price per ton …
quartz and feldspar crusher - YouTube…
feldspar crushing glass - tapeten-versand.eu
feldspar crusher for glass grinding mill equipment. feldspar crusher for glassfeldspar crusher for glassZenith Hot-sale Products Mining crushers mainly include jaw crushercone crusherimpact crusher More. Feldspar Crushing Hardness sand washing machine.
Reduce the Iron Content in Egyptian Feldspar Ore of Wadi ...
Keywords Flotation, Feldspar, Mica's minerals, Ceramics, Glass 1. Introduction Feldspar is one of the most common minerals in the world where it forms about 60% of the rocks of the earth's crust ... mm in a laboratory jaw crusher then to -5 mm in a small jaw ... Reduce the Iron Content in Egyptian Feldspar Ore of Wadi Zirib for Industrial ...
Potassium Feldspar Grinding Plant,Feldspar Grinding Mill ...
Application of feldspar powder. Potassium feldspar is widely distributed in many places. After milling, it is widely used in many fields such as glass, ceramic, ceramic body, glass flux, ceramic glaze, porcelain raw material and potash fertilizer.
Glass - Feldspar
Speciality Glass We at the Quartz Corp adhere to strict quality procedures and consistent specifications to ensure that our products perform to our customer's higher standards. Glassmaking requires quartz and feldspar products that are free from contaminants, transparent, consistent in size, and low in iron.
feldspar processing into glass - mdietician.com
Glass fibers can be divided into two major groups according to their geometry: continuous fibers used in yarns and textiles, and the discontinuous (short) fibers used as …
Feldspar crusher material - YouTube
Dec 11, 2016· Feldspar Crusher,Feldspar Crushing Machine,Feldspar Crusher . Ceramic body ingredient feldspar works as backbone materials before calcination and deduces the contract jaw Crusher,feldspar crusher ...
feldspar crusher for glass - manveesingh.in
As a professional and experienced manufacturer of mobile crusher,jaw crusher,cone crusher,impact crusher,ball mill,super fine mill and vertical mill, not only provide outstanding quality machine,but also offer complete business solution to you.
Feldspar Crusher Glass - glassfactor.co.za
feldspar crusher glass - samencorg. sodium feldspar crusher news of Manufacturer crusher feldspar is used to make dinnerware and bathroom and building til in ceramics . Get Price Feldspar crushing and grinding,ball mill for feldspar ...
Feldspar Crusher,Feldspar Mobile Impact Crusher and ...
It is the raw material for ceramics and glass industry. ...
feldspar specs for glass industry - crusherasia ...
- Stone Processing Feldspar Processing Line Supplier
- Feldspar Crushing Machine Korea Mine Jaw Crusher Manufacturer Mine Crushing
- best plant for quartz feldspar
- feldspar mineral separation
- feldspar grinding logout
- plant feldspar grinding
- feldspar mining contains
- feldspar for sale in pakistan
- use of feldspar powder
- crushers for feldspar ore chile
- Feldspar Grinding Cut
- raymond mill using in the mining process of feldspar
- feldspar quarry processing plant price
- feldspar powder buyer in jakarta
- feldspar ore dressing
- Feldspar Mining In Malaysia
- feldspar mining conveyor
- feldspar mobile limestone crusher price
- future of feldspar ball mill
- K Feldspar Processing Plant Price
- machinery for feldspar procesing
- feldspar beneficiation and mineralogyorder by popularity | order by alphabet
Like Sprewells On A WheelchairDefine Learning DisorderFired-Side ChatTwo CentsMosh For JesusIt's A Fine Line Between The Monkey And The RobotA Floater Left With Pleasure In The Executive WashroomDoubleWhiskeyCokeNoIceOpen And ShutUnemployedHe's A Shithead (yeah, Yeah)WreckThePlaceFantasticOne Trick PonyD4=Putting The F Back In ArtLast CommunionFuzzy Pink HandcuffsOur Science Is TightAn American BannedFarts Are Jazz To AssholesFuck You, Ms. RochelleTwin Cities Sinners, UnitedSome Where South Of RespectThanks For Nothing Part 2:the RevengeWho Didn't Kill BambiShotgun ConfessionalQ How Many Punks Does It Take To Change A LightbulbHi-Pro GlowPortrait Of The Artist As A Fucking AssholeSuper Models Don't Drink Colt .45No.51 Dick ButkusTotal Fucking Gone SongSmells Like O.K. SodaSELLTHEHOUSESELLTHECARSELLTHEKIDSFORGETITI'MNEVERCOMINGBACKFORGETITFile Under ADULT URBAN CONTEMPORARYI Was Born On A Pirate Ship (holdyourtongue)Honey I Shit The Hot TubShiny Things Is GoodHand Made Hard Times Handed BackMaximum Piss And VinegarHoly ShitShut Your Little Trap Inc.BiteTheCurbBiteTheCurbFolk SongTwenty One Said Three Times QuicklyLet Them Eat Thomas PaineThe Father, The Son, And The HomosexualSingle ParentThe Great American Going Out Of Busines SaleNew Punk Fashions For The Spring FormalLabourissuesinthetoydepartmentO.K.F.M.D.O.AMusic Is None Of My BusinessJ. HarrisI Coulda Been A ContenderInquiring Minds Should Read A BookSuper Powers Enable Me To Blend In With MachinerySuckers Intl. Has Gone PublicSally MaclennaneGet Your Study Hall Outta My RecessAll Rise For The Rational AnthemNoble Stabbings!!
Related Information forDirections: The research project proposal assignment is selecting an incident that has helped change/develop code and explaining why you have chose your incident. The incident can range from fire, explosion, collapse, and various other factors that have influenced code development. Your proposal must follow APA format and you shall include a minimum of 2 sources. You must cite those sources per APA. ( I will put an example too so you can understand it )8/21/2012
3 Comments
Extremely well-written article! I am excited to see everything you come up with next, Nathalie! You are just too much fun -- glad to know you will be ramping up efforts in sharing your happy gifts with us all :-)
Great article, that really captured the spirit of BTS. It was great meeting you again, I allways get inspired by your energy and way of being. No wonder you call your firm Fun Energy Now, you have a lot to give.
Nat....What an incredible first post! You are an AMAZING woman with so many gifts - including the gift of allowing others to see that it's ok to be vulnerable. Your beautiful energy is infectious and I am so blessed that you are part of my life, in my corner cheering me on....I'm in your corner too. See you in October! Until then....make it tons of fun!
Nathalie Osborn has had a life-long passion for FUN! Her FUN Energy Now philosophy encourages you to energize & ignite your playful spirit, renewing the power of FUN to: Fuel Success, Unplug Stress & N-ergize Life!
August 2012
All
RSS FeedI
universal tagset.
Here is the code I am running when I have the issue.
import nltk,math tagged_sentences = nltk.corpus.brown.tagged_sents(categories='news',tagset='universal') i = math.floor(len(tagged_sentences)*0.2) testing_sentences = tagged_sentences[0:i] training_sentences = tagged_sentences[i:] perceptron_tagger = nltk.tag.perceptron.PerceptronTagger(load=False) perceptron_tagger.train(training_sentences)
It won't train correctly, and gives the following stack trace.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- TypeError Traceback (most recent call last) <ipython-input-10-61332d63d2c3> in <module>() 1 perceptron_tagger = nltk.tag.perceptron.PerceptronTagger(load=False) ----> 2 perceptron_tagger.train(training_sentences) /home/nathan/anaconda3/lib/python3.5/site-packages/nltk/tag/perceptron.py in train(self, sentences, save_loc, nr_iter) 192 c += guess == tags[i] 193 n += 1 --> 194 random.shuffle(sentences) 195 logging.info("Iter {0}: {1}/{2}={3}".format(iter_, c, n, _pc(c, n))) 196 self.model.average_weights() /home/nathan/anaconda3/lib/python3.5/random.py in shuffle(self, x, random) 270 # pick an element in x[:i+1] with which to exchange x[i] 271 j = randbelow(i+1) --> 272 x[i], x[j] = x[j], x[i] 273 else: 274 _int = int TypeError: 'LazySubsequence' object does not support item assignment
It seems to be coming from the
shuffle function in the
random module but that doesn't really seem right.
Is there something else that could cause the problem? Has someone had this issue?
I am running this on Ubuntu 16.04.1 with Anaconda Python 3.5. The
nltk version is
3.2.1
NLTK has a lot of custom "lazy" types, which should ease mangling of large bodies of data, such as annotated corpora. They behave like the standard lists, tuples, dicts etc. in many ways, but avoid occupying too much memory unnecessarily.
One instance of this is the
LazySubsequence, which is the result of the slice expression
tagged_sentences[i:]. If
tagged_sentences was a normal list, the division of the data into test/training would create an entire copy of the data. Instead, this
LazySubsequence is a view to parts of the original sequence.
While the memory benefits of this are a probably a good thing, the problem here is that this view is read-only. Apparently the
PerceptronTagger would like to shuffle its input data in-place, which is not allowed – hence the exception.
A quick (but maybe not the most elegant) solution is to provide the tagger with a copy of the data:
perceptron_tagger.train(tuple(training_sentences))
You might have to do the same thing with the test data.link Putih
Beautiful Pics Of Clogged Kitchen Sink with Disposal – From the thousand Models online about clogged kitchen sink with disposal, we filter the very best option using perfect quality solely for you all, and of course,this photos is usually believed as one of graphics selections within our admirable pictures gallery about Beautiful Pics Of Clogged Kitchen Sink with Disposal. I am feeling you might think it’s wonderful.
feed putih
Gallery of clogged kitchen sink with disposal
Related Post
- 18 Lovely Photograph Of Sink Drain Wrench
- 16 Best Stocks Of 36 Copper Farmhouse Sink
- 21 Beautiful Photograph Of Luxury Bathroom Sinks
- 16 Prettier Photograph Of Corian Sink Repair
- 26 Beautiful Pictures Of Commercial Bathroom Sinks and Counters
- 29 New Release Images Of Rv Sink Drain
- 29 Good Photograph Of Diy Vessel Sink
- 28 Unique Pictures Of Salon Sink for Home
- 15 Good Gallery Of Service Sink Faucet
- 18 Cute Images Of Commercial Sink Sprayer- Pet Behavior Aid
- Adopt a Dog
- Purina's Website for Dog Owners
- The Senior Dogs Project.
A website devoted to looking out for older dogs
- The American Kennel Club's list of dog breeds from A to Z.
- Is your dog anxious? You may want to try a thundershirt.
- Do you have trouble walking your dog because he/she pulls? Check out Newtrix or Gentle Leader
- Dogs and Storks is a website that helps families with dogs prepare for the arrival of a baby.
- The Yellow Dog Project
- Dogs In Need of Space - DINOS
Cat Related Sites
- Pet Behavior Aid
- Adopt a Cat
- FabCats - the website dedicated to the feline well-being
- The Cat Fancier's Association
Has information on Cat Shows, Cat Breeds, Cat Care, as well as a showcase of top winning cats
- Cornell University Veterinary School's Feline Health Center website
Contains information on medical topics relating to cat health care
- The Internet Guide to Feline Diabetes
- Heartworm is not only a disease for dogs; cats can get Heartworm, too
Learn more by visiting KnowHeartWorms.org or The Feline Heartworm Society
- American Association of Feline Practitioners
- Animal Hospital of North Asheville is a Cat Friendly Practice
- Veterinary Information Network Brochure
- Pet Insurance University
-
- Dogs and cats can be trained! Karen Pryor Clicker Training.
- Pet Behavior: Dr. Sophia Yin
- Indoor Pet Initiative has a vast wealth of information on keeping your indoor pet happy and healthy
- American Heartworm Society
- Information on Pet Health Insurance
- The Center for Pet Safety
- Pets in Need of Vets
Pet Loss Information
-
- Catster offers good advice if you are planning to travel with your cat
- A must read resource if you are planning to travel with your pet to a foreign country BEFORE making plans to do soThis new app for performers called Special Guest was created by Damon Wayans, Jr. and Kristopher Jones. It is designed to help entertainers get gigs, get seen and get signed.
If you are an entertainer who is looking for gigs, or if you are looking to hire someone to entertain, this app is for you.
I like how this app can help entertainers be seen by other people. There are a lot of talented people in this world who never catch a break. With this app, they can get gigs and be seen by other people more often. Plus they can get proper representation.
The app covers all levels of entertainment including kid's entertainers, musicians, actors, comedians, acrobats, DJs, photographers, etc. The list goes on and one.
I was thinking, if I had to search for a good entertainer, I wouldn't want to go to a phone book because I would only see a name and really not know anything about that performer I was looking to hire. With the Special Guest app, I can get all of the information that I need, plus they show ratings for the talent as well. They make it easy. The Special Guest app even allows you to pay the talent through the app, and communicate with the talent.
This is a modern twist on talent searching, the only difference, and it is a huge one, is that there are a lot more choices to choose from.
The Special Guest App never takes fees from the entertainers. They make their money by charging a fee to the people hiring the entertainer. This is great for artists and doesn't cut into their profits.
The entertainment business is big, but on TV we only see the surface of it. There are so many talented people out there and there is a huge market for them to explore. This app allows them to have a fair chance of being hired.
The app is simple to use. Everything is laid out easily. It has different categories to choose from, depending on what type of entertainer you are or you need. It also allows you to enter your location so that people in your area can find you easier.
Kristen Lem recently interviewed Kristopher Jones and asked him who is favorite performer on the Special Guest app was. This was his."
This unique, simple and genius app takes all of the leg work out of the search for both parties. For more information about the Special Guest app, visit their website at..
It does sound like it would help entertainers get their faces out there. I hope it does well.
Me too TamraLATEST TRENDS AND PROGRESSES IN ASSET AND CENTER MANAGEMENT.
Christmasworld’s “Premium” Business Program, which runs from January 27 to 31 in Frankfurt, has laid on some innovations.
ECE Future Labs’ newest development is the “Digital Mall,” an online product search which can be found on the website of the Alstertal-Einkaufszentrum (shopping center) in Hamburg. With the Digital Mall, ECE makes it possible for customers to get information on the products available in the shopping center – anytime, anywhere..
Tyco Retail Solutions has announced the integration of its ShopperTrak and FootFall businesses as a single customer analytics powerhouse. We spoke to Gary Whittemore, ShopperTrak’s new General Manager for EMEA and ROW, about what the merger means for the retail sector.. *Blind Items Revealed #5
It is kind of fitting that this B+ list reality offspring of a celebrity is doing the show she is doing. I guess it was about nine months ago maybe that someone from the same cast was here in town that I like to refer by three initials. Anyway, while he was talking with the dealer he uses out here, and right in front of his wife, the topic somehow turned to this B+ list reality offspring. The one I refer to by three initials said something to the effect of she was his go to image when he was having sex with the Teen Mom. He said this right in front of her. Very strange.
Bristol Palin/David Eason/Jenelle Evans
14 comments:
WAIT WHAT
Anyone? None of those names have three initials so I read the whole thing in Entyese and I am confuzzled.
UBT - David Eason
gross
David Eason is UBT = Uncle Bad Touch
That being said, ewwwwww gross
Guess the gun loving Palins really turn meth head on. Poor Bristol.
Uncle Bad Touch - okay thanks I've... somehow missed all references to that but I also don't follow Teen Mom news aside from Bristol's unbelievably hypocritical existence and Farrah's greedy Backdoor and surprisingly savvy business sense.
Oh and the 2-for-1 she is probably offering for her daughter. I think about that.
just a matter of time until this turd kills someone.
UBT just got arrested. Dummy filmed himself towing a legally parked truck. Ruined it's transmission. The topper? The owner is handicapped.
They're all a bunch of losers.
That's great!! Hope they found drugs on him too!
I could not understand why anyone would use Bristol Palin as sexy time fuel. So I googled him, and...yeah. Okay.
Sometimes these posts make me feel like English is my second language.AmInvest Research Reports
Author: AmInvest | Latest post: Mon, 18 Mar 2019, 10:09: Tue, 19 Feb 2019, 08:55 AM
Sapura Energy was testing the RM0.315 level in its latest session. With a moderate RSI level, a bullish bias may be present above this point with a target price of RM0.365, followed by RM0.38. Meanwhile, it may continue drifting sideways if it fails to cross the RM0.315 mark in the near term. In this case, support is anticipated at RM0.285 whereby traders may exit on a breach to avoid the risk of a further correction.
Trading Call: Buy on further rebound RM0.315
Target: RM0.365, RM0.38 (time frame: 3-6 weeks)
Exit: RM0.285
Source: AmInvest Research - 19 Feb 2019
Related Stocks
More articles on AmInvest Research Reports >>
TOP ARTICLESDavid Clark H10-60 Headset
David Clark H10-60 Headset
The David Clark H10-60 Headset is a top of the line passive aviation headset. The H10-60 is precision engineered for a self customising unit with many exclusive features.
Free Transair Headset Bag & Cotton Ear Covers worth £23.98Malcolm Turnbull weighs in to NRL controversy, denies SSM debate is ugly
MALCOLM Turnbull wanted a “fun” chat on The Project and accused Waleed Aly of being “a downer” when talk turned serious.
THINGS were going so well.
Malcolm Turnbull’s appearance on The Project began with an impromptu rap after he was asked to name his favourite hip-hop artist.
“I’m still grieving for Tupac,” the PM said in jest, referring to the late Tupac Shakur. He then offered a few verses.
“We’ll do some rapping here. Waleed, you’re the man, you’re a Tigers fan. (Fitzy), you can talk, the Crows can squawk.”
The mood quickly shifted when Mr Turnbull was asked to weigh in on criticism over US rapper Macklemore’s upcoming performance at the NRL Grand Final.
Macklemore plans to perform the so-called “LGBTIQ anthem” Same Love at Sydney’s ANZ Stadium on Sunday, despite criticism from the usual suspects, including vocal No voter Tony Abbott.
When asked if the performance should go ahead, the PM answered simply: “He should perform whatever he wants to perform.
“It’s the halftime entertainment at the Grand Final. They have got a great artist. He will sing his top hits, that’s one of them, that’s great.”
He said calls to cancel the show made Mr Abbott’s free speech argument hypocritical.
“Well, let me put it this way ... trying to censor the playlist at the half time entertainment at the grand final is not consistent with taking a Liberal approach to free speech. I am a free speech person.”
Aly pushed the Prime Minister on the subject of free speech and questioned the so-called “civil debate” Australians are experiencing as part of the same-sex marriage postal survey.
“At the start of this process, I recall you saying you really believed Australia could have a civil debate. Why did you think Australia could have a civil debate when your own party couldn’t?” Aly asked.
PM @TurnbullMalcolm shares his thoughts and spits rhymes about the debate surrounding Macklemore's #NRLGF performance. #auspol #TheProjectTV pic.twitter.com/fczPcFeqsBâ The Project (@theprojecttv) September 28, 2017
“Waleed, that is so wrong. I mean, somebody is expressing a view which I don’t share, right? I do not share his view about the song. I think let him sing the song. It’s a popular song. He is a popular artist. That’s cool. He has expressed that civilly.
.
“I have to say, I really disagreed with you when you basically said Australians weren’t grown up enough to have a say in whether same-sex marriage should be legal. We will see what the people have to say. I respect the people.
“You said it would be a horrible debate and people would say many things.”
Aly said the number of incidents — including a heated exchange in traffic on Thursday — were increasing.
“We have seen assaults over this. We have seen people waking up daily, people who have gone back to counselling, people who have said they feel like they were back in high school. I didn’t mean to go down this path. Since you are attacking me. Don’t you have to own up to that? Don’t you have to say, that stuff is going on, it’s real, and it’s directly caused by the fact that we are having this conversation?”
Mr Turnbull said a “tiny percentage” of Australians were behaving badly, but the vast majority were entitled to have their say.It’s not my fault. I didn’t kill my houseplants. They were most likely dying on arrival.
This was the best news I’d heard since learning that genes – and not anything I do – dictate my fingernail strength. So I can stop flogging myself about the fact that while some people have a thriving indoor garden, I have a botanical death row and lousy nails.
Julie Bawden-Davis, founder of healthy houseplants.com and author of “Indoor Gardening the Organic Way” (Taylor Trade Publishing, 2007), reassures me that houseplants often die shortly after people bring them home because of what happens to them before they get there. (OK, so I didn’t tell her about the time I went away for two-weeks, didn’t hire a plant sitter and left the heater blasting.)
“Many store-bought houseplants have bad childhoods and are set up to fail,” she says. Most plants start life in a perfect environment. Full-time tenders administer ideal doses of light, water, fertilizer and humidity while controlling the temperature. Caretakers also ply the plants with chemical stimulants and growth hormones, so they reach a perky marketable prime fast. These spoiled and drugged plants then leave this womb-like environment for the harsh real world. They’re trucked in the dark for days, through temperatures more erratic than a menopausal woman’s, before arriving at garden centers where they are over-watered and exposed to incorrect light. Unaccustomed to mistreatment, they become stressed and prone to pests and disease. These ailments don’t show up for several weeks – usually shortly after you’ve brought the plants home, where they collapse like Lindsay Lohan after too much partying.
“The poor things,” I say, dabbing my eyes.
“You can’t just cut them off like that,” says Bawden-Davis.
“It would be like someone suddenly boarding up every Starbucks at once, leaving caffeine addicts to dry out?”
“Exactly,” she says. “These plants need a proper detox program.”
Although I agree with Bawden-Davis and many interior designers who say that a room isn’t finished unless it has greenery, I had given up on real plants. “Sunken money,” my husband says every time I bring one home. Sadly, he’s right. So I switched to silk plants, which I have a love-hate relationship with, as I do with fake nails. I don’t like either, but they’re a compromise I make when faced with the alternative of dead greenery or no greenery, nice nails or none. I explain all this to Bawden- Davis, who nods to stay awake, then motivates me to give houseplants another try.
Her argument is convincing: Apart from looking nice, healthy indoor plants are good for your home because they make clean air. “Green plants are the only things on the planet that absorb carbon dioxide and give off oxygen,” says Bawden-Davis. They actually help the ozone layer. Plants also absorb volatile organic compounds from the air, and thrive on them. “Ideally, you should put plants wherever you spend a lot of time, such as near your desk, or bed.” I immediately think of a few less-fragrant places that would benefit.
“But,” I ask, “what if the only plant life I can support are in the kids’ rooms, where green mold rings float in old cocoa cups?”
“Not to worry,” she says.
Marni Jameson is a nationally syndicated columnist living in the Denver area. Contact her through marnijameson.com.
A plan for growing healthy plants
Because I don’t want to go on being a serial plant killer, I plan to follow Julie Bawden-Davis’ tips for the plant-challenged:
Shop the right store. At the garden center, take a good look around to see that the stock looks healthy. The seller should have houseplants in shade. Plants that have burn marks have gotten too much sun. Really long stems and few leaves indicate that the plant isn’t getting enough light and is reaching for it. The combination of drooping leaves and wet soil may be a sign of fungal infection.
Pick the right plants. Opt for hearty, hard-to-kill houseplants. Here are five of Bawden-Davis’s favorites for beginners. All grow in medium to low light.
-Pothos grows anywhere.
-Chinese evergreens offer nice color variation.
-Snake plants add architectural interest.
-Corn plants, because they’re tall, make great floor plants.
-African violets are the easiest of all indoor flowering plants.
Detox plants once they’re home. The best way is to repot them. Shake out the soil they come in, rinse roots gently and replant in organic soil. Bawden-Davis likes soil that contains mycorrhizal fungi, a friend to roots. Or leach the soil by running water through the pot until water streams out. To help new plants overcome their chemical dependence, Bawden-Davis fertilizes them with liquid seaweed. “They may go through a little sad phase,” she says, “because you’ve taken away they’re candy. Then they will perk up and thrive.”Dark Horse
Doty, Jean Slaughter. Dark Horse. NY: Morrow 1983. 122p, several ills. by Dorothy Haskell Chhuy. Fine hardcover in very good d.j. ** No edition statement but the printing code numbers start with 1. "Reinforced edition" noted on jacket. ** Girl tries to reform a truly dangerous show jumper. One of the author's tough-minded young adult novels about the horse show world. Scarce in this condition. Item #2279
Price: $50.00
See all items by Jean Slaughter DotyYour mornings will never be the same by these exercises’ work of wonders! Jacks
- From a high plank position, tense your core and jump your legs apart as shown.
- Repeat the reverse of this motion bringing your feet back together again, tensing your core..
Ab Bikes
>>IMAGE.
High Donkey Kicks
>>IMAGE.
Weighted Bent Leg Jackknife
This variation on the jackknife adds resistance with a dumbbell.
- Starting in the position for a standard jackknife whilst gripping a dumbbell between your two hands.
- Engage your ab muscles, raising your torso and keeping your arms beside your head until the top of your crunch.
- At the same time, use your abs to raise your legs towards you, bending them so that you can move your hands into their final position in front of you.
- Slowly reverse this movement, lowering your legs and torso until you’re lying flat again. This is one rep.
Leg Extension
.
Flutter Kicks
.The March/April 2019 Issue of Connections Magazine, covering call centers and the teleservice industry
Read these articles online:
- Consider Contact Center Improvements When Patient Satisfaction Matters
- From the Publisher: Is Your Call Center Ready for Anything?
- Ask Kathy: A Successful Telephone Presentation
- What Does an Optimal Customer Experience with a Call Center Look Like?
- Seven Tips to Minimize Risk and Improve the Patient Experience
- Four Steps to Minimize Risk in a Healthcare Call Center
- Cloud-Based ACDs and Dialers Come of Age
- Telemarketing Appointment Setting Best Practices: Part 2
- Hiring and Training CSRs for Digital Contact Center Work
- Three Pieces of Key Information Your Call Center Is Missing Without Machine Learning
- The Ultimate Call Center Service for Contractors
[Connections Magazine is proudly published by Peter DeHaan Publishing Inc, Peter Lyle DeHaan, editor.]
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
SaveBeijing Tongzhou CBD Development Forum and Beijing MIX Plaza grandly opened on August 23, with attendance of Beijing municipal officers, scholars, and professionals from the industry and the media, including Mr. Chen Zhi, Vice President and Secretary General of Beijing Real Estate Association, Mr. Yang Dongfeng, Director of Investment Promotion Bureau of Tongzhou District, Mr. Ma Baocheng, Director of Policy Consultation Department of Chinese Academy of Governance, Mr. Wang Maojun, Advisor to North China Region and Executive Director of Transaction Department of CB Richard Ellis. The leaders and professionals offered advice and suggestions to the development of Tongzhou CBD and provided support for the opening of Beijing MIX Plaza.
Grand opening of Beijing MIX plaza
As the Beijing deputy center, Tongzhou is an important force in promoting the urban process of Beijing. Chen Zhi, vice president and secretary general of Beijing Real Estate Association, pointed out that: "As one of the important urban development nodes, Tongzhou occupies the most important position. The new general plan of Beijing is basically two wings and Tongzhou is one wing." Beijing MIX Plaza is at the center of Tongzhou CBD, and it has an important mission of building the business card of Beijing. Taking the occasion of the regional development forum, Beijing MIX Plaza starts its grand development process with Tongzhou.
Mr. Chen Zhi, vice president and secretary general of Beijing Real Estate Associatio
In the Canal light, Tongzhou set sail
At the forum, Mr. Yang Dongfeng, Director of Investment Promotion Bureau of Tongzhou District, described the history of Tongzhou from the cultural and historical aspect and made a beautiful forecast for Tongzhou’s future. “Beijing is building a world-class city, which will take the lead in Tongzhou, especially in the Tongzhou Canal CBD.”
Mr. Ma Baocheng, Director of Policy Consultation Department of Chinese Academy of Governance, made a speech themed Prospect of the Regional Development Trends in Tongzhou, pointing out that Secretary Xi Jinping gave many instructions on the development of Beijing Sub-Center, and the regional and policy advantages were strong support for the rapid development of Tongzhou.
Mr. Ma Baocheng, Director of Policy Consultation Department of Chinese Academy of Governance
As early as 2009, the 7th Plenary Session of the 10th Beijing Municipal Committee clearly put forward to “concentrate resources and focus on Tongzhou to build it as a new international city compatible with the development of the capital”. In 2012, at the 11th Party Congress, Beijing formally proposed for the first time that Tongzhou would be built. And the core Canal CBD area is located at the interchange of five rivers, with a total area of 16 square kilometers, where can be build a total construction area of 3.16 million square meters. The development of Tongzhou Canal core area is highly anticipated. In the future, Tongzhou CBD will be the core area of business development and the strategic engine for Tongzhou to build an international metropolis.
Although Tongzhou Canal CBD sounds like the China World Trade Center CBD or the Financial Street, its specification are actually much higher and its planning area is twice that of the World Trade Center CBD. As Mr. Wang Maojun, Advisor to North China Region and Executive Director of Transaction Department of CB Richard Ellis, pointed out, “the world-famous CBDs like that in Chicago and Melbourne all have their planning first and then development later.” Tongzhou Canal CBD also adopts the idea of first planning and later construction to effectively avoid the occurrence of urban diseases such as traffic stress and population pressure in the core areas of China World Trade Center. Upon completion, it will become the ninth largest bay area CBD in the world and occupy the commanding height of the world's commercial economy. Just like other eight bay area CBDs in Manhattan, Canary Wharf in London, Central Hong Kong, Lujiazui in Shanghai and so on, their common feature is to attract the world capital and the Fortune 500 companies with the waterfront locations and the most core areas.
At present, there are already 14 domestic first-tier brand developers stationed in the core area of Tongzhou CBD, reaching its goal to create the most high-end business clusters. Among them, the top 500 companies including Huaxia Insurance, TianAn Property Insurance, and Bank of Beijing have signed the lease contract. And other financial firms including the four major banks are also negotiating with the major developers for the purchase intention. The world's ninth largest Bay Area CBD is shaping the future.
Beijing MIX Plaza, EOD ecologic complex
It is lucky for Beijing MIX Plaza, the ninth project of Anar Group, to locate itself in the core area of Tongzhou Canal CBD. It is committed to creating a regional landmark complex. Mr. Liu Yonghong, the project sales director, said: .”
Mr. Liu Yonghong, the project sales director
The whole plan of Beijing sub. A survey conducted by the Green Ecological Architecture Agency in the United States confirmed that the work efficiency could be increased by over 10% when working in a green eco-environment. With its first-class ecological environment and cutting-edge planning concepts, the core canal area has become the most suitable eco-friendly office in the EOD Era.. With the overall planning in the international standards and international vision with Chinese characteristics and high-end positioning, Anar Group makes every effort to create a new leaf of the grand canal.
Anar Group completing the value puzzle
More than Beijing MIX Plaza. The achievements and contributions of the Anar Group are evident to all. Anar Group is the testimony and the participant of the regional development. Mr. Xu Zhenfeng, the brand director of Anar Group, pointed out: .”
Founded in 2007, Anar Group is committed to becoming a pioneer in upgrading the innovative city and creating a better space for the sustainable development of people and city with quality estate and technology innovation as a dual driving force and financial investment as guaranty. Through nearly 10 years of development, it has built a unique business model of technology + finance + real estate.
Over the past decade, Anar Group has launched the K2, M5 and V7 product lines in its core cities to provide a full range of value-added services combining entrepreneurship, finance, social and leisure activities. In order to strengthen the brand strength in the real estate industry, in recent years, Anar Group has chosen a diversified industrial layout and begins to tap the business building market.
In 2012, Anar Group invested 2.6 billion yuan to build two 5A landmark office buildings, 6 creative entrepreneurship bases, and a CDD creative harbor Jiayue Plaza. In 2013, Anar Group won the Changning land and it dedicated to building the Shanghai Changning Center that integrates office building, business, culture, business incubation, exhibition and exchanges. In 2015, Anar Group selected the golden point of connecting the Financial Street and Yizhuang Development Zone to build Pomegranate Center, the only international shared office park within Beijing’s 4th Ring Road.
In the past five years,.
Today, Anar Group is closely following the pace of the development of Beijing. It is building Beijing MIX Plaza, which is located in the core Tongzhou Canal CBD, the most potential area. Anar Group took the lead to introduce the advanced concept of EOD green office in the Beijing Sub-center and made it the light of the canal in the physical and spiritual significance. With the increasingly improved rail transit, relocations of the municipal government, station of the Fortune 500 companies, the world ninth largest bay area CBD is shaping. Beijing MIX Plaza is honored to have a stand and it will define the Beijing ecological complex mode with its brand new standard., chewy, soft, and dotted with melty chocolate. This treat can be whipped up in no time. It’s made in one bowl; no mixer is necessary, and no need to wait for the butter to get to room temperature.
My cousin gave me this recipe decades ago and said that it’s her friend’s secret recipe. She shared it with me but swore me to secrecy. With the internet, I can now see that there are numerous similar versions out there. So, I guess this recipe is not so secret. What I can tell you is that this is a very reliable recipe that I have made countless times in several different ovens over the years. I tweaked the recipe, and with my cousin’s knowledge, I am sharing this recipe today.
Recently, I brought this dessert to a pool party, and it pleased both adults and kids. Before the dessert disappeared, I sat quietly in the corner trying to get a quick photo for the blog. Much to my surprise and delight, several friends came over intrigued by what I was doing. Everyone gave some creative input into the photo, and it was fun to have friends involved in the process. I love it that food brings people together in so many different ways.
Recipe for Chocolate Chip Blondies
Makes 16 small bars
Ingredients:
1 stick of unsalted butter (equals 1/4 pound or 1/2 cup)
1 cup packed dark or light brown sugar
1 large egg, lightly beaten
1 teaspoon real vanilla extract
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup all-purpose flour (Optional: can replace 1/3 of the flour with white whole wheat flour.)
1/4 cup mini semi-sweet chocolate chips
Directions:
1. Place rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. (If using a convection oven, lower the temperature to 338 degrees). Take out an 8 inch by 8 inch baking pan and leave ungreased. Do not substitute a 9″ by 9″ pan, or the blondies will be too flat.
2. Melt the butter in a medium-sized microwaveable bowl. Add the brown sugar, and stir or whisk by hand until well combined.
3. Add the egg and vanilla and combine completely.
4. Sprinkle the baking powder and salt around the batter. Add the flour, and stir until the dry ingredients are incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips.
5. Spread the batter evenly into the pan. Bake for 20-30 minutes. The outer edges develop a brownie-like crust, and the center is a little soft but not wiggly. The top is golden brown. You can also do the toothpick test– the blondie is done when a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. They puff up in the oven, and deflate some as they cool. Let cool on a rack. Cut into 16 pieces and enjoy.Volunteers
Serving in a Meaningful Way
Celestina Fazal’s desire to help others brought her to Communitas, where she has been on the board since January of 2015. At that time, she was a stay-at-home mom and was looking for volunteer opportunities that would enable her to use her skills and her past work experiences.
Those skills and experiences are considerable. Celestina grew up in a Christian family in Pakistan. She came to Canada ten years ago after marrying her Canadian husband, Ryan. They have two children, Alia and Juniper. She has two master’s degrees and is currently studying to be a Certified Public Accountant. Both Celestina and Ryan have worked as humanitarian aid workers in places like Pakistan, Kenya, Liberia, Sudan and Afghanistan. She still gets excited when she thinks back on projects that supported children’s education (as in the photo above, taken in Liberia) or employment opportunities for women.
I vowed to myself that no matter wherever I live in the world, I will support the community in meaningful ways. This desire brings me closer to Communitas. – Celestina, board member
Celestina came to know about Communitas and its work first through her friendship with Communitas CEO, Karyn Santiago. Karyn and Celestina first met when they both worked for Mennonite Central Committee BC. They reconnected years later and Karyn introduced her to the work of Communitas.
“I knew very little about the organization but I read the website, got involved with a social enterprise think tank, and got to know the work a little bit better,” she says.
Being on the board has been a good learning experience and while the work that Communitas does serving people with developmental disabilities, mental health challenges and acquired brain injury can be challenging, she sees this work as essential.
“What has surprised me the most is that, the bigger the challenges, the more determined the staff becomes to meet them,” she says. “I am highly impressed by the commitment that the staff demonstrates.”
She also has a message for those who may be wondering how they can get involved with Communitas.
“Communitas is a reflection of love and care,” she says. “Once one gets involved in Communitas, in whatever capacity, one wants to stay and work alongside this amazing, energetic yet very humble group of people.”
You can learn more about Communitas when you participate in our Annual General meeting on Friday, November 16th at the Communitas provincial office #103-2776 Bourquin Crescent West in Abbotsford. Registration begins at 11:45 am with a light lunch starting at noon and the business meeting beginning at 12:15 pm. All are welcome!
Recommended Stories
Volunteers
Serving with Love and Respect
Volunteers
Board Member with Deep Roots
Tidy Up Giveaway
December Giveaway is awesome. CASH, too. Yay.
One winner will receive the book A Hard Bound Copy of The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up by Marie Kondo
AND $175 in cash to get your New Year off to a tidy start. YAY!!
This months Paypal cash is brought to you by Katherine and some of her sweet bloggy friends.
listed in no specific order
Katherine- Katherines Corner
a Rafflecopter giveaway
So happy you came to visit today. Everyone is so busy but if you'd like to leave a note for me, I'd love it!!Festive Philippines
This budget hotel in Boracay is located in the heart of White Beach Station 1, the tropical island’s most prestigious address. It offers simple accommodation, yummy breakfasts. friendly service, and a spectacular location at bargain-basement prices.
Why I’m Here
I was in the Philippines to attend a blogger’s convention, which included a familiarization trip after the formal events had ended.
My final stop was Boracay, where I had arranged five hosted nights at luxurious five-star hotels.
As my stay was drawing to a close, I wasn’t really ready to leave this island paradise. Should I find out how the other half lives? Were there any cheap sleeps nearby?
I had become friendly with the staff at the Discovery Shores, where I had spent my first three nights in Boracay.
When I mentioned that I would like to spend a few more days in Boracay, one of the staff suggested I try the budget hotel next door.
“We often go there on our breaks,” he said.
Mr Holidays Hotel Boracay, as the hotel is known, is a two-star hotel with a five star location. Because of the hotel’s small size, its rooms are actually closer to the beach than the rooms at the more expensive hotels on either side.
My Room
This might have been a budget hotel, but it was service with a smile. After I booked my room, staff arranged for two people to go the posher digs next door and carry my bags to the more modest accommodation that I would be calling home for the next five nights.
The hotel has 15 rooms across four floors. Rooms have cable TV, air-conditioning, small refrigerators, and complimentary Wi-Fi.
With the exception of family rooms, rooms have private “open plan” bathrooms, which are typical at budget hotels throughout many parts of Asia.
In other words, the toilet, sink, and shower are situated within the same space. If truth be told, the studio flat I rented for four weeks in Stockholm, Sweden, had a similar setup.
I stayed in a standard room, which measured 13 square metres. It had a double bed. It was appropriate for one or two people.
There are two types of superior rooms: 15-square-metre rooms with one double bed and 21-square-metre rooms with two double beds.
Deluxe rooms have private balconies. They also come in two sizes: 18-square metres with one queen size bed and 21-square metres wth two double beds.
Family rooms can accommodate several people. Measuring 43 square metres, they have three double beds. Bathrooms have separate toilets and showers.
The Food
The hotel had a charming little café right on the beach called Blue Waves Beach Bites. Simple breakfasts were complimentary.
There was a choice of entries, which included fruit, eggs, and some kind of meat as well as Nescafe Blend and Brew instant coffee.
There was another beachfront cafe called Beach Bites Pizza – Grill, which had a slightly more extensive menu.
I enjoyed several simple but very tasty dinners at the the Beach Bites cafe in the evening during my five-night stay at the hotel.
The Location
The hotel is located on White Beach Station 1, which is considered Boracay’s most prestigious address.
How to Get There
I flew to from Palawan to Boracay on a nine-seater aircraft.
There are two airports serving Boracay, a domestic airport and an international airport.
The Verdict
It goes without saying that my room at Mr Holidays didn’t hold a candle to the rooms I stayed in at Discovery Shores or The Lind.
Neither did the breakfasts or the other facilities.
But the staff were warm and friendly. I felt right at home. You couldn’t beat the location. And you sure couldn’t beat the price.
My stay at the hotel was entirely self-funded.
Where
Mr Holidays Hotel, Station 1, White Beach, Balabag, Boracay Island, Malay, Aklan Province, Philippines.
Check room rates and guest reviews on your favourite booking website:
TripAdvisor/Mr Holidays – Hotels.com/Mr HolidaysFestivalphoto.net
Escape Music/Sound Pollution
IMPERA rings no bells, but the name has a lot to it. The musicians in the band/project are J.K. Impera, drums (BRUCE KULIC, GRAHAM BONNET), Tommy Denander, guitars (TOTO, PAUL STANLEY, ALICE COOPER, etc), Matti Alfonzetti, vocals (JAGGED EDGE, ROAD TO RUIN etc), and Mats Vassfjord, bass (VINNIE VINCENT, JOHN CORABI etc). Loads of routine and musicianship, and also loads of classic hard rock with bits of AOR according to the info.
Opener “Turn My Heart to Stone” is effective without being the very best song on offer. Melody and routine makes things go along smoothly. I personally prefer the more forceful “Kiss of Death”, which would have been an even better opening - but so far so good. When there is Alfonzetti, there is also blues, and the rule is not to be broken. “Break the Law” has that edge of Matti´s, paired with a nice refrain and a chunky sound. A couple of routine tracks, “Sunset Rider”, “Tell Me” and “Deadend Street” mar the utmost excellence on offer here. But there is still a lot of AOR pedigree in a song like “More than Meets the Eye”, and the bluesy coziness of “Show Me the End”. The production courtesy of Lars CChriss of LION`S SHARE fame is crisp and with the right mix of bluesy hard rock and AOR. Fans of melodic hard rock of the finest kind will not be disappointed, but not thrilled beyond belief by the gang involved either.
Track List
Turn My Heart to Stone
Kiss of Death
Break the Law
Shoot Me Down
Sunset Rider
Tell Me
More Than Meets the Eye
Is This Love
Show Me the Money
Deadend StreetGet a quote First name* Last Name* Company Name* Work Email* Phone Number (Optional) Type of game- Pease Select -Board GameComputer GameHow long should be video- Pease Select -15-30 seconds30-60 seconds60-120 seconds120+ secondsAdditional information2D animation3D animationwith 3D miniaturesYou will deliver:all assets - graphic filesscript (see example / download template)voice overmusicHow did you find Hexy Studio*- Pease Select -Saw a Video you madeSearch EngineWe have worked together beforeWe were referred to youI saw an adRead or watched your contentHow can we Help You?*You’ve missed this freebie, but you’ll find all of the Freebies here. Get valuable coupons in the Home Made Simple Coupon Booklet Book by mail to save on household products from Procter & Gamble (like Cascade, Dawn, Swiffer, Febreze, Mr. Clean). You can receive a new coupon booklet from P&G every quarter and there is a wide-variety of product coupons inside. You should receive your coupon book within 4 to 6 weeks.
{ 31 comments… read them below or add one }
would love a coupon book also please
I have never knew about this site and I love coupons!! And I would be forever grateful if you sent me some
Coupon book by mail please, first timer here as well.
Free coupon book by mail please I’m a first timer
New to Couponing, I can’t wait to receive my booklet.
Please please please please may I have a coupon book and some samples. My family is having difficult times and I need your help. Thank you.
I’m a student at purdue and found this website and was excited to see how to save some more money.
I like coupons
I ran into this website from Pinterest and wanted a free coupon book
I’m sorry Holly, but they no longer mail out the Home Made Simple coupon book.
New at couponing and wondering if you send coupons through the mail? I would appreciate it very much. Thank you
Please help me out with some coupons and free samples I would highly appreciate it
I am a mom of 8 teens an 3 adults in my house hold a i would love some coupons
Would like coupons
Looking to save money
How do you get these coupons by mail?
I’m sorry, but they discontinued this coupon booklet.
Free coupon book by mail
I don’t see where you can request a coupon booklet. Can you tell me where to go? I went to the link but I couldn’t find nothing
I’m sorry Diane, but this coupon booklet is no longer available.
I’d love to get your booklets on coupon
Want to start saving
Can’t wait to get a book.
I was wondering if you mail out coupons? I don’t have a printer, and I’d really appreciate it! Thank you!
Hollyann – Please email me at freebies4mom@gmail.com and I’ll see how I can help you!
Free coupon book by mail
Stay at home mom on a budget can’t wait to receive my coupons.
I’m new to this couponing, but I’m a stay at home dad. We are trying a lot of ideas to make ends meet. Thank you so much for the free coupon book And product samples.
Can’t wait to receive my booklet
I ran into this website to try to see how I can save money and also receive samples of different products, I am a single mom of five kids so you can definitely see why.. Thank you..
Free coupon book by mailI am savoring the last weeks of summer with beach getaways and a bikini mani. The summer flew by and I am glad we spent a lot of in both the ocean and pools. We still plan to get some more beach time in before school starts. I am beach ready with my mani, for sure.
The color is “Creekside” by CND Vinylux. The nail art is a navy polka-dot bikini with “Momma” by RGB Cosmetics. The manicure and nail art are by Olive & June.
Happy Friday!
XO,
JAE
Advertisementsprice 18 trading volume 118 all trading offers and prices for chroma prime neuroptics, on the warframe market you can sell and buy parts mods blueprints relics and other stuff riven mods trading and auctions soon, find buyers of chroma prime neuroptics and get in touch with them easily warframe market chroma prime neuroptics
chroma has the fourth highest armor value of any warframe at 350 surpassed by atlas at 450 valkyr at 600 and valkyr prime at 700 chroma is the first and only warframe whose component blueprints are acquired from junctions chroma is the first and only warframe to require components from other warframes to construct, warframe item prices taken directly from the trade chat get real prices for both item sets and components, neuroptics 20p 2206053 systems 40p 4097600 weekly statistics supply demand wtb wts show buyers list coming soon show sellers list coming soon watch item coming soon chroma prime price 140p rubico prime price 80p gram prime most images displayed belong to warframe check it out its an awesome game prices are
set blueprint chassis neuroptics systems overview prices trade 14 patchlogs chroma prime prices selling 274k 25844 buying 35k 22080 platform pc ps4 xb1 data source trade chat warframe market chroma prime 108p 5p previously 113p view full data buyers 593 291 sellers 6747 4654 last 7 days, release date september 25th 2018 chroma prime is the primed variant of chroma possessing increased armor and energy capacity over the regular counterpart chroma prime was released alongside gram prime and rubico prime, all trading offers and prices for rhino prime neuroptics Description: The Wallpaper of warframe market chroma prime neuroptics from almost certainly reflected as part of your landscaping. Greatest intentions away, Large Dumpster For Rent in Coal City, IN can cause havoc using your carefully well-kept lawn as well as smoothly precise driveway-and we're not even going to talk about what it really can do in your flower mattresses! The question next becomes, how can you handle your current waste discretion issues with no completely destroying all your work? The best way to get going is to get started with the simplest means of search. Look over your local mobile phone directories for Large Dumpster For Rent in Coal City, IN and see just what comes up. If you are living in a small town, there may be no businesses that firmly advertise underneath that assistance. You might try checking out your closest metropolitan area to see if you can find any businesses that will rent cross country. Make sure and appearance through the classifieds as well. If you don't find most things that immediately jumps out to you, go around as well as take a look at some of the dumpsters in your area. Determine if they have a company name on the side. If that's so, find the facts for that firm and give all of them a call. They are often able to help you along.
Roll down dumpsters can usually be delivered at from any spot you desire given that it isn't leading to injustice to be able to anyone else locally. It is important to know the correct dimension and time-frame that the dumpster is going to be needed so you can inform your neighbours and or other companies in advance. I need to say, roll off dumpsters will not be the most appealing piece of equipment therefore letting your fellow neighbors realize is all over again extremely important. The trash company in places you choose might set up a time to either pick-up and or replace the dumpster should you uses up space.
When you have your home decluttered and arranged, you need to maintain a watchful eye available for your undesirable habits. Your messy mess didn't occur over night the first time, as well as slowly slip back in in your life if you aren't careful! Throw-away junk mail when considering in. Keep the home tidy and organized. Contemplate every so often in case you really need some of the things that happen to be collecting dust. After a little vigilance, your home will stay clutter-free.
The main step in your rental process is selecting a quality as well as trustworthy firm to work with. The greatest mistake most customers help to make when renting a dumpster is not clarifying specific pricing. Make sure the firm has no undetectable fees that might potentially raise the price of your rental by an astronomical amount. Many of these hidden fees include: fuel/environmental price, delivery impose, disposal price, etc. Expenses just particular can potentially quit mentioned when making a rental, and might really add together at the end of your current leasing interval.
Waste produced through these initiatives is large, improper management of the produced waste is contaminating land, water, atmosphere and territory. Releasing this kind of fact, many of the project owners are looking available for powerful ways of trash disposal for example recycling your generated throw away or landfill disposal. Trash disposal with eco-friendly manner is going to be an expensive ways to get rid of trash if you are not sensible enough to manage the produced waste.
You may personal condos with Maryland, Virginia, or Dc and you will desire to find swift next day dumpsters to rent. Where ever in the world your home is a dumpster will assist you to keep your venture moving.
A respected junk removing company typically will provide cost-free estimates. The value will be based within the amount of junk and type associated with materials to become removed. Furthermore, applicable charges should be contained in the estimate, so there are no unexpected situations down the line.
Mixed use dumpsters are certainly not available in just about all states. Through all types of building materials which usually cannot be easily separated consequently has to become disposed of completely. Recycling associated with waste materials is really a true talent these days. The more you can individual and reduce, recycling and delete, the better down everyone is. It also does save a little money. It may take some extra time, however it can also be less difficult once you know where by you're going with that solid wood or cup or steel or in terms of iron or bare concrete or copper, etc.
You may only have to supply the lunch, dinner and cocktails for your loved ones and good friends to help you with the construction of your home. Depending on what supplies you need maybe you have already pruchased around to find the best products and also the best prices.
Every now and then as we shop around our home in addition to property we have the urge to perform a thorough tidy up. The urge usually happens when planting season is in the atmosphere, but it could happen anytime if we realize that the accumulation of abandoned and used up odds and ends possess just developed to be a lot of.
But remember that virtually any weight beyond the arranged contract terms using the service provider will end up you with paving an additional amount, therefore it is always more suitable option to select a little bigger sized dumpster compared to actually is necessary. One more thing that should not be forgotten is always having a check with the particular Large Dumpster For Rent in Coal City service provider concerning the debris which can be permitted. A good idea is to check the allowed and non permitted goods because many countries use different regulations of providing a exemption to some stuff like chemicals, gas, oils, and other toxic as well as flammable substances.
Roll down dumpsters are scored by the amount of cubic yards price of waste they can store in house, normally easily obtainable in 10,20,Thirty and Forty five yard designs. These kind of dumpsters is going to be restricted not just by the amount of real debris they can hold, but by the bodyweight involved also. With especially heavy products like real, containers must only be packed around halfway, otherwise carrying them turns into problematic.
Many junk removing companies supply labor, which means that they'll not just provide the dumpster and remove the trash, but they'll in addition help you take items out of the home to the18 wheeler or dumpster. Consider whether you will need this service depending on the scale in the cleanout and your family in addition to friends' ability to try this heavy lifting yourself. It will probably cost more, however it can get the position done quickly. Note that when you find yourself paying for job, especially if you are paying on an hourly basis, you may not be able to take the time to dig through every box and bag in search of sentimental items.
So forget about the price nature hikes and convenience restrictions involving going to your regional get rid of. Now you can do away with all of your home garbage and dust in one uncomplicated step without having ever leaving home. Call your local today to agenda your easy Large Dumpster For Rent in Coal City, IN, just in time for planting season.
By the way: you will find used it throughout over a year, it's trash and you don't need the item in your life.
Despite the fact you pitch out whatever you need to, but dumpster service also allows you work with your own time frame rather than getting to conform to several outside pickup schedule. If you're doing any kind of construction or maybe renovation venture, or if you simply know that it will take you a couple of saturdays and sundays to actually get yourself a cleanout job done, letting a dumpster is a good choice. After you rent from your nearby junk carting pros, you have to say when you really need the unit and when you'd like all of them to pick it up. Because of this, you're not pressured to do a career more quickly in comparison with you want to (or maybe than you may), and you do not have to clutter up your property having debris when you finish the task.
Everyone wants to hold their home and also surroundings clean and tidy. Huge amount of rubbish is produced in home redevelopment and building projects. These types of waste materials cause inconvenience for your job site. To remove the clutter formed for your job site, you have to find the perfect Large Dumpster For Rent in Coal City, IN service provider.
When purchasing the dumpster to do away with all of the redecorating debris, be sure to have the recommendations on goods that are not granted when you rent some sort of dumpster.
You have options when it comes to this kind of by the way. While strange since it sounds you may not have to utilize same firm everyone else uses. When you are seeking Large Dumpster For Rent in Coal City, IN you might be shocked.
through your nearby junk or maybe trash haulers provides a number of positive aspects that can design your life easier when you're treating home projects. When you rent some sort of dumpster, you can get lessen just about anything, big or small, that you need to, you may work on your schedule, and you'll leave a final cleanup do the job to the trash and also dumpster pros.
And just what about home improvement or even building projects? Maybe you have decided to take away a wall membrane or to include a new window or door. Unless you are exceptionally lucky, you're going to end up receiving some substantial debris excess. If you rent some sort of dumpster, you don't have to be worried about this rubbish removal. Merely drop in whatever you have left above and get back to improving your home.
A substantial dumpster is perfect for all of your very large building jobs. The massive dumpster should be in relation to ten pick up truck pickup lots or bring 4 tons of dust. This is great for an entire home rehabilitation.
The most obvious payment is the throwing fee which can vary a lot depending on where by they take the garbage and whether or not it gets recycled at all. A good company will quickly realize ways to maintain your dumping fees to a minimum.
Please use the form below to contact us. We look forward to working with you and will get back to you as soon as possible. All fields are requiredShould you look at the form of these boots will realize that there are lots of lines as well as spikes on the examiner and the need to be cleansed meticulously. The main physique with the footwear needs to be cleaned thoroughly too. Cleansing football footwear is very little challenging it should be performed correcly.
The fitness of your soccer boots nike mercurial soccer cleats once they have experienced any operating with a dull wet toss is not something the majority are prepared for. They will seem undesirable without doubt and obviously these boots have to be washed and also if you find zero dull working via a damp area…there’s nevertheless a necessity to clean the particular soccer footwear.
This will allow regarding extending lifespan in the boots that you have become cozy in for a longer time. We know how hard it really is to secure a pair of trainers that will all of us why would we all not want to provide for these? For this reason understanding the appropriate way of how you can thoroughly clean soccer shoes or boots is what issues and will always be learnt.
First of all , must be done would be to thoroughly clean from the dust that has accrued on the shoes or boots. Banging with each other these shoes lone to single can take away the and dirt. When the initial grime is your fingers or a dried up material or perhaps a electric toothbrush and obtain your will get caught up within the lines or the another method for do this is usually to wet several newspapers and use the crooks to thoroughly clean the will get away from.
Get rid of the reduce off-road as well as reach the uncooperative mud caught up in lines and also to obtain that will get away you should thoroughly clean these with cleaning agent drinking water. Mix a few slight soap inside drinking water and mix take an approximate towel and soak it with this blend and use it to completely clean the shoes of the many position. Make sure that you drain the water off the cloth ahead of deploying it on the footwear and that is a single hint you should bear in mind when studying the best way to clean buckskin footwear.
If you feel that your sparkle and luster with the leather-based has become can make use of a quality natural leather oil to polish the sneakers as well as recover the actual stand out. This will assist to provide wetness for the dried out buckskin and invite for the footwear to keep going longer.
It is usually vital that you discover how to keep the boot styles nike hypervenom phantom rather than just learn to clean up basketball shoes or boots. Store these preferably inside a tote which is adequate for that footwear to breathe however make sure that boots are generally dry out prior to saving these.
Since your dirt is totally you have to do will be give it one last run down together with normal water so that the level associated with cleansing soap is entirely cleaned away as well. Please take a second piece of towel and remove these shoes about the sides using the water that is clean. A lot of people even discover ways to clean sports shoes or boots along with run these underneath water for a complete clear. Following this has some magazines along with stuff these people inside the footwear so that the excessive drinking water from the inside can be soaked out there.
The newspapers may draw out the surplus there is often a should dried out all of them extensively or perhaps you risk ruining these with humidity. Keep them to dried out inside a neat dry out spot and then there quite a bit of oxygen running by means of nevertheless make sure that you tend not to shop these people inside sunshine or even the buckskin can easily fracture.–Ind.
19.1 Basic facts: Where, who, why and when
19.1.1 Geography
Ketapang is the largest of the 14 districts/townships in West Kalimantan. It has a total area of 31,588 km2 and includes 20 subdistricts (BPS Ketapang 2014). Most of KCCP’s villages are found along the Pesaguan, Tayap and Pawan rivers (see Figure 19.1). The upstream settlements are inhabited by Dayaks, and Malays live in downstream villages. The upstream communities are dependent on river transportation, while roads provide the major transportation means for downstream communities.
Figure 19.1 Map of the KCCP REDD+ initiative.
Data sources: FFI, CIFOR, GADM and World Ocean Base.
Nine villages were originally proposed for HD status. The proposal for two villages was turned down early on, so these two villages have been dropped from KCCP. KCCP proposed that 104,162 ha of Ketapang lands in a total of seven villages be verified and converted to HD. This includes four forest blocks ranging in area from 1083 to 61,000 ha. The areas proposed for conversion to HD are on lands covering several types of MoFor land-use classifications: production forest, conversion forests, protection forest and limited production forest (see Box H).1 A total of three blocks, in which there are four villages (i.e. four HDs), have been approved, covering 6890 ha. One block of forests, in which there are three villages (i.e. three HDs), was only partially approved: 7435 ha encompassing 2 villages (i.e. two HDs). The HD over forests of the third village has not been approved. The largest HD area approved so far is 6825 ha.
Forest type and deforestation
Two types of forests are dominant in Ketapang. They are (i) secondary, lowland peat swamp forests downstream of the Pesaguan River (i.e. downstream villages) with deep peat soils, and (ii) dipterocarps on the mineral soils upstream of the Pesaguan and Tayap Rivers (i.e. upstream communities).
FFI assessed, monitored and recorded the change of forest and land cover in the area before focusing on forest carbon and the establishment of KCCP. They analyzed deforestation and forest degradation based on 2000, 2004 and 2008 remote sensing data. Spectral un-mixing was used to detect logging trails or removal of individual tree crowns. Communities participated in ground truthing of deforestation and surveys of high conservation value forests. The result of this analysis and of these biodiversity surveys highlighted the severity of the threat and fragmentation of forests in Ketapang. Measurement of the deforestation rate in the initiative has not been completed. KCCP uses the reported deforestation rate at the district level of 74,590 ha annually (Adhikerana and Sugardjito 2010). This figure was derived using analysis of forest cover change between 2000 and 2005.
Political and economic setting
The district’s economy is primarily based on agriculture, mining and forestry. Rice (to fulfil subsistence needs) and rubber production (generating cash) are both important sources of livelihood for villagers. Oil palm and rubber are the two major traded agricultural commodities. While gold has been an important target of mining activities, there is emerging interest in bauxite. Small-scale illegal mining activities – mostly by outsiders – occur in some KCCP village areas. Until about a decade ago, there was a lot of timber extraction in Ketapang, with logs exported directly to Java and Singapore. While production appears to have declined since, we observed logs being transported daily out of Ketapang. Logs were being harvested from areas that will be converted to timber plantations as well as from other areas.
The peak of logging activities occurred in 1999–2001 when, due to decentralization, bupati (district heads) began to issue permits to cooperatives or individuals to boost district income. For communities, that period was perceived as a ‘victory’ as they could finally directly benefit economically from forests after serving merely as spectators on land claimed as theirs for so long. That period marked a shift, albeit temporarily, from the days of large concessions to logging activities based on small-scale licenses. However, these activities only led to temporary prosperity, as the proceeds were not reinvested into productive activities. When these licenses expired, people switched to rubber cultivation. Aside from providing a source of income, planting rubber trees showed active management and provided de facto proof of tenure.
Tensions over land rights sometimes occur between local communities and outside actors. They often occur due to the inconsistency between de jure and de facto tenure conditions, resulting in ambiguities of who has the right to a certain piece of land. As is common across Kalimantan, villagers of our study villages claim customary rights over their inherited lands without legal land title. Only a few people have formal land documents, and most of the forests in the study villages are formally under the purview of the State. Villagers are often unable to assert their land claims in the face of government-backed land-use changes.
The majority of villagers in one KCCP village were against the establishment of oil palm plantations and were supported by their adat (customary) leader and their village head. This opposition occurred even though the district government had already allocated part of their village area for conversion to oil palm. Eventually, in 2013, the adat leader gave consent for the establishment of oil palm in their area. Nevertheless, the village head and the majority of the villagers are still adamant that the oil palm company should not operate there. The adat leader was reportedly ‘befriended’ by the company and was told he would get a lot of money by selling his land to the company. The village head, however, kept his commitment to maintain village forests to maintain the traditional way of life, i.e. practicing swidden agriculture, gathering NTFPs and hunting. Although village communities mostly remain a tight-knit society, elite capture occurs in various forms.
Large-scale agricultural expansion (namely oil palm), timber plantation, smallholder agriculture (swidden and rubber), small-scale illegal logging and mining put pressures on the district’s forests. The oil palm threat to forests was observed in another KCCP village. Logging operations occurred in this village until the mid-2000s. The entire village territory is under the jurisdiction of MoFor and was designated as production forests for conversion, making these logged-over forests available for conversion to other uses (FFI 2012b). In the draft provincial spatial plan, the area was reclassified as an area for other land use (APL) under the jurisdiction of the district. Prior to the finalization of the spatial plan, however, the district government issued permits for the establishment of oil palm plantations in areas adjacent to the KCCP initiative area.
A mining company also began to operate in the area, some of which overlapped with the area under the oil palm license. The overlapping claims led to conflict between the two companies (Fachrizal 2014). Most of the land area of that village has now become part of an oil palm concession and the company has plans to extend its area further. To block this expansion and future developments threatening forests, in 2009 FFI facilitated an HD proposal to MoFor for part of the village area. MoFor granted the HD working area license to this village in 2011.
19.1.2 Stakeholders and funding
The principal proponents of the KCCP initiative are the HD legal entities, i.e. the village communities holding the HD rights. KCCP is facilitated and managed by FFI–Indonesia, a private NGO. Since 2008, FFI has worked in collaboration with various organizations to implement KCCP. Those working on community development, capacity building or social aspects include local NGOs such as Dian Tama, Titian, RMI (Rimbawan Muda Indonesia), LATIN (Lembaga Alam Tropika Indonesia), ASRI (Alam Sehat Lestari), Yayasan Palung, PRCF (People Resources and Conservation Foundation) and the University of Indonesia. Various other entities have also assisted KCCP on technical aspects, including Tanjung Pura University, Deltares and Forest Carbon. Some of these partnerships have since ended (e.g. with Dian Tama in mid-2010), while others have continued.
The total budget amounts to roughly USD 600,000, funded by the David and Lucile Packard Foundation, Australian Aid (AusAid), CLUA (Climate and Land Use Alliance), the European Union (EU), USAID Orangutan Conservation Service Program (USAID-OCSP), and UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office (UK-FCO).
FFI also works closely with the district, provincial and national governments as they each play a critical role in the process of HD. These government entities provide in-kind support, including time spent and costs borne by district and MoFor staff involved in the process. The head of the district forestry service has been very supportive of the process.
19.1.3 Motivation
Building on its previous focus on the conservation of orangutans and biodiversity, FFI decided to combine those goals with climate change mitigation. Other co-benefits aimed for are: poverty reduction, community development, sustainable forest management, improved governance and application of the rule of law. FFI were inspired by the Bali Road Map in 2007 (UNFCCC 2007) and believed that the sale of carbon credits could finance activities to reduce the grave threats facing orangutans due to forest conversion. They developed a proposal for REDD+, including villages based mainly on their biodiversity value, the level of threat to orangutan habitat from conversion to oil palm or other land uses, and the willingness of communities to protect their forests.
Two key issues had to be resolved in order to meet these objectives. First, there is lack of clear tenure for communities. Formal state ownership of village lands prevents the communities from having a legally recognized right to manage village forests. Clear tenure is a prerequisite for the ability to exercise the right of exclusion (to manage external threats)2 and for any PES or REDD+ undertaking (i.e. to identify the local bearers of rights to a stream of income and responsibility for fulfilling performance-based arrangements). Securing community management rights is the first step towards a community-based REDD+ initiative. MoFor Regulation 49 of 2008 regarding HD or village forest paved the way for formal designation of a village forest area (as the HD of a village community) and for that village community to subsequently secure management rights over its forests (see below). FFI seized this opportunity by facilitating the process of HD application for the KCCP villages. Formally legitimate management rights will both empower and oblige village communities to manage natural forests sustainably.
Subsequent to initiating the process of obtaining HD tenure status, FFI seeks to introduce community-based REDD+. In accordance with state ownership of forests in the forest zone, carbon tenure is held by the State. The State however, can relinquish its carbon rights by awarding licenses to entities holding the management rights of that area. In this case, the community holding the HD management rights is eligible to apply for a carbon license.
The size of HD areas are relatively small (i.e. between 600 and 6825 ha, compared with areas under ERC licenses – see Chapters 18 on Katingan and 20 on Rimba Raya). There is thus an issue of economy of scale in establishing a community-based REDD+ project over a single HD. An adequate level of carbon emission reductions would need to be generated to be traded or to attract funding, and a small area will arguably achieve limited reductions. In addition, the costs of preparing a PDD and carbon verification are substantial. Targeting a larger block of forests across several HDs and applying carbon verification for the entire block will address these issues. Clusters of HD areas will be ‘pooled’ together to form a REDD+ community carbon pool (i.e. KCCP). Ultimately, funds raised from carbon emissions reductions from the initiatives are expected to support the conservation goals of the area.
Young oil palm plantation. (Dian Intarini/CIFOR)
Local communities’ motivation in pursuing the HD were influenced by their ‘closeness’ to forests. Dependence on forests of villages upstream of the major rivers and those downstream along the coastal areas differed, which determined the degree of interest they had in participating in HD. The former village head of a downstream village was aware that the village’s peat forests were rich in biodiversity and that self-management would bring more benefits to the village compared to the conversion to oil palm plantations. Upstream, people from non-peat villages that were more dependent on forests expressed interest in obtaining HD management rights as they feared that the forest company in their area would clear cut their forests, thereby threatening their traditional agricultural practices. Similarly, one village was keen to obtain customary management rights as a way of improving tenure for their forests. The District Forestry Service advised the village to communicate with FFI, which subsequently led to that village joining KCCP.
19.1.4 Timeline
FFI Indonesia began work in Ketapang in 2003 focusing on the conservation of the habitat of orangutan and other vulnerable species in the area (Figure 19.2). Their work in KCCP is implemented in two phases: (i) preparatory or development of the initiative for a period of five years (2009 to end of 2013 or early 2014) and (ii) implementation phase. The preparatory phase includes the two crucial steps of obtaining HD tenure through MoFor’s designation of HD working areas and obtaining HD management rights from the governor. The implementation phase focuses on REDD+ intervention activities.
Figure 19.2 Timeline of the KCCP REDD+ initiative.
A large part of the work was focused on intensive activities surrounding the HD application process, both at the national, local and subnational levels. MoFor granted HD working area licenses for six villages in the second half of 2011 (Figure 19.2), completing the first step in the process of securing HD tenure. Emphasis is now placed on the second and last step of the process, i.e. obtaining the governor’s management rights approval.
A PDD covering contiguous HD areas in three KCCP villages (see below) was drafted in 2012 to meet VCS criteria. It was estimated that over the first 10 years, some 800,000 tCO2e in emissions reductions will be achieved annually from the proposed area of some 28,000 ha (FFI 2012a). This would be equivalent to 28.5 tCO2e/ha/year. Community members were directly involved in the data gathering of biomass data to estimate baseline carbon stocks in the area.
The baseline is calculated by modeling planned deforestation based on typical oil palm conversion practices in the region derived from environmental impact assessment data and FFI’s interpretations of satellite imageries. The base year for estimating an REL for the study site is 2010. In this contiguous forest block, a conservative figure of 1000 ha/year conversion to oil palm is used (FFI 2012a). As of the writing of this chapter (October 2014), this PDD has not yet been finalized.
In 2012, a Plan Vivo project idea note (PIN) was drafted for one, non-peatland (upstream) KCCP village. Aboveground carbon stock of secondary forest and mature agroforestry in this area is estimated at 58.62 (+/- 15.52) tC/ha (FFI 2012b).
2013 marked the beginning of REDD+ implementation in four KCCP villages. Activities include land-use planning, delineation of a protection zone of forests and community-based forest monitoring. In September, FFI began interventions in the first pilot village (Figure 19.2).
19.2 Strategy for the initiative
In facilitating KCCP, FFI simultaneously embraces bottom-up and top-down approaches. The foundation of KCCP is the HD entities. Thus, community engagement is a core element, not only in the process of obtaining HD licenses but because a community-owned initiative is essential to ensuring the establishment, support and continuity of KCCP. Community commitment is also important because forest threats come from both external and internal actors. FFI and communities are also involved at the local, subnational and national institutional arena of addressing deforestation, REDD+ and forestry policy consultation processes.
FFI uses a strategy that is centered on four elements: increased clarity and security of tenure over communities’ village forests; contributing to achieving Indonesia’s GHG emissions reduction targets (see Box H); conserving forests for endangered orangutan and other threatened species; and securing long-term funding for these conservation efforts through carbon financing. Funds generated will be used to fund KCCP’s activities and support villagers’ alternative livelihoods (FFI 2012a). FFI envisions that community management rights will likely lead to improved forest management when and if they result in tangible (e.g. financial or livelihood support) benefits to communities (FFI 2012b).
In the preparatory phase, activities included: institutional development by securing HD tenure; conducting FPIC; establishing collaborative management institutions; developing a PDD; seeking potential carbon markets; measuring carbon potential; training and planning in fire prevention, canal blocking and rewetting; and securing a REDD+ permit. Implementation included: monitoring and patrolling forests; activities that reduce net carbon emission directly or indirectly (e.g. canal blocking, rewetting and reforestation in downstream villages, and a particular forest management or livelihood activity that helps communities move away from carbon-emitting activities in upstream villages); carbon trading; and dissemination of knowledge gained.
HD management rights were acquired following a two-stage approach. The first step was to obtain MoFor’s approval for an HD working area, i.e. the formal designation of a particular area of forests within the forest zone as an HD of a particular village community. The process involves stakeholders from local to national levels from the start of the initiative. It began with FFI’s facilitation of a series of dialogues with communities and central, provincial and district governments on HD and REDD+.3 For each participating village, FFI facilitated the formation of an HD team, which was tasked with, among others, identification of boundaries of the proposed HD area, preparation of a work plan and protection of the area. The village head submitted the HD proposal to the bupati for verification of the proposed HD working area. Subsequently, the bupati provided a recommendation for MoFor’s consideration; MoFor then either entirely or partially approved or rejected the HD working area.
The second step was to secure the HD management rights from the governor. This grants the community the authority and rights to use and manage forest resources within the HD working area. The management rights must be obtained within two years of the approval of the HD working area, but management plans and forest protection activities can be carried out immediately after the HD working area is approved.
The village can only submit a request for right of management to the governor after it formulates a village regulation on the management of the HD. The duration of the HD working area license and management rights are 35 years and can be extended.
Once an area is designated as an HD through a ministerial decree, that particular area will remain a category in the forest zone (i.e. as a production or a protection forest) for the duration of the license and is less likely to be classified as ‘land for other uses’ including for the extension of oil palm permits in the area. To ensure a strong and secure status of the areas allocated for HD, FFI and the HD teams were actively involved in the district’s spatial planning processes. Incorporation of HD areas into the district spatial plan means that they are on the map that is used as a reference in any land-based development in the district. Thus the initiative ensured that planned conversion to oil palm or other uses was avoided.
Six villages have been awarded HD working area status over a total of 14,325 ha of forests by MoFor.4 The proposal for the seventh village, covering an area of 14,000 ha of forest, is still being considered. At the time of writing this chapter, all six villages with HD working area licenses are in the process of obtaining their HD management rights from the governor. CIFOR conducted field research in four of the seven villages (KET1, KET2, KET3 and KET4). Partly due to limited resources, FFI currently focuses their REDD+ intervention activities in four villages and plans to work in the remaining villages later on.
KCCP is pursuing different REDD+ approaches across villages due to their different characteristics. For example, implementation of a pilot community-based PES, the Community Forest Ecosystem Services, has just started under Plan Vivo in the HD area of one upstream village in 2014. REDD+ activities in this village are most advanced among the KCCP villages. A benefit-sharing scheme PES-trial is currently being piloted in this village, where FFI provides about USD 10,000/year to the village. The benefit-sharing agreement of this support is as follows: 10% will be used for social activities (orphanage, disabled people, religious activities), 10% for landowners/managers (farmers’ groups), 5% for health services, 70% for operational management of HD (training in capacity building and income generating activities, women´s activities, forest patrols, nurseries for reforestation, the HD team), and 5% for preserving traditional culture and customary systems.
Since 2010, together with two local NGOs, FFI has been facilitating work on avoiding forest conversion from oil palm over a block of contiguous peat swamp forests situated in three other villages (see above). HD REDD+ efforts are now being intensified due to increased threats to biodiversity within these forests from potential expansion of oil palm plantations.
19.3 Smallholders in the initiative
We collected primary data using household and village-level surveys in four (KET1, KET2, KET3 and KET4) of the seven KCCP villages from June to August 2010. We also conducted follow-up interviews and a desk review.
Village structure of the four study villages is similar to other villages across Indonesia, although the role of informal leaders in village governance varies in intensity. Village governments comprise of the village head (kepala desa), village secretary (sekdes) and administrative heads (kepala urusan). There is also a village council (badan perwakilan desa). In KET1 and KET2 villages, the customary leadership and institutions are considered to be the most important. In KET3, the village council plays a large role in village decisions. In KET4, the village government is prominent. Our surveys found that women in all four villages felt that they were not sufficiently represented in their village decision-making bodies.
Basic educational and health services are accessible in all study villages and there has been some observed improvement during the course of the research. In 2010, elementary schools were operational in all villages. Only one village did not have a secondary (junior high) school; children attended secondary school in a neighboring village. By 2014, however, a secondary school was established in this village. The average years of school attendance in all villages was between 5 and 6 years, or elementary school (Table 19.1). Two villages did not have operational health centers, but villagers had access to health services provided by a mantri swasta (private health practitioner) who lives in the village. In the same year, a supporting public health clinic (pelayanan puskemas pembantu) was established in one of the two villages.
Table 19.1.
Several sources finance the improvement of public facilities and roads. They include district programs, PNPM, local parliament’s constituency allocations (aspiration fund), the village budget and the private sector. The district mining and energy agency provided electricity support for a selected number of households with school-age children and in the home of the village head in two study villages. More than half of the households sampled had access to electricity (See Table 19.1). Clean water installation was built in these two villages by a timber plantation company and through the PNPM program, respectively. In the other two villages, households had their own well or depended on stored rainwater. Cemented pathways or village roads were seen in all study villages. In one village, a big road was built using a local parliament’s aspiration fund. In another village, the establishment of a timber plantation resulted in the construction of a new road that connects the village to the Trans Kalimantan road. This timber plantation replaced an earlier timber concession that had been operating in the area. Their operations resulted in the opening of a network of logging roads. Although mainly accessible during the dry season, logging roads are useful for villagers as they provide access to the adjacent subdistrict or town. PNPM funded the building of bridges in three study villages.
Road construction has affected the livelihoods of villagers in the two upstream villages (KET1 and KET2). Until 2010, rivers were the primary means of transportation. Development of the Trans Kalimantan road has had a huge impact on the villages’ economy. People from one village sold bananas, durian and other forest products to the neighboring province of Central Kalimantan and benefitted from access provided by that road. By sending rubber latexes directly to Pontianak, the capital province of West Ketapang, local middlemen from the other upstream village cut the market chain and obtained more value from their sale.
Agriculture was an important source of income in all of the four study villages (Figure 19.3, Figure 19.4 and Table 19.2). The proportion of households engaged in agriculture as a primary and secondary livelihood was quite substantial in all villages, and was highest in KET2 and lowest in KET3. Rice is a major commodity in these villages; rubber is also an important commodity in KET1 and KET2 – the large income share from businesses in KET2 reflect middlemen’s income from rubber trading. Villagers in KET1 adopted rubber after the timber concession ceased to operate and communities could no longer depend on income from logging activities and had to shift to other income sources. Prior to rubber they depended on swidden rice farming (ladang) and forest products. Villagers in KET3 and KET4 were mostly engaged in permanent rice farming, although some have recently begun to cultivate rubber.
Figure 19.3 Sources of income for all households in sample (n = 132).
Figure 19.4 Sources of income for average household by village (+/- SE) (n = 132).
Table 19.2.
Oil palm and mining are contributing to the local economy. Logging activities that had started in the area of KET3 six decades ago have now ceased, and the area is now the only lowland secondary forest that provides suitable habitat for releasing orangutan in Ketapang (personal communication from Indonesia program director, International Animal Rescue, 2013). The threat to forests in the area has now shifted from logging to oil palm and (often illegal) mining. The Ketapang District Land Office (Kantor Pertanahan Kabupaten Ketapang) has approved initial licenses (izin lokasi) for oil palm establishments for two companies in the KET3 village area (FFI 2012a). Oil palm companies are also lining up to establish plantations in KET2 and KET4 villages. In addition to agricultural production, illegal gold and other mineral mining (note the high income share from wage labor in mining) are boosting the village economy of KET3. These activities attract outsiders and pose a threat to forests in the area.
Forests remain important for villagers. The two upstream villages were more reliant on forests than the downstream villages, and continued to use forests to practice swidden agriculture. A substantial percentage of households in the two villages had cleared forest in the two years prior to our fieldwork. Villagers also collected NTFPs and hunted. A substantial portion of households in these two villages earned cash income from forests. However, in all four villages, forest-derived income was small compared to non-forest income, even in the upstream villages. In the 12 months prior to data collection in 2010, NTFP harvests such as durian were relatively poor due to unusual weather. Similarly, hunting during the same period was not good.
There was significant support from local and national government programs and the private sector for communities’ land-use activities and/or forest cover between 2010 and 2013. Rubber seedlings were distributed through transmigration-related and reforestation activities in one of our study villages. MoFor provided a nursery in KET1 to support community agroforestry (Kebun Bibit Rakyat, KBR). Agricultural support (hand tractor, fertilizers and seeds) and fishery support (fishing equipment, boats and fishpond establishment) were provided to KET3 and KET4. In addition, a food estate project involving rice field expansion and the development of irrigation systems are planned in KET3 and KET4. In KET3 and KET4, PNPM provided credits exclusively for women to help this particular group establish agricultural plots.
19.4 Challenges facing the initiative
KCCP has faced three major challenges. The first is land tenure uncertainty. State lands which, in reality, are used and claimed by communities, invite different interpretations of who has actual rights over them. Government issuance of licenses to use or convert forest lands on community-claimed lands can lead to conflict. This in turn can reduce incentives to protect forests. For REDD+ to be effective, clear tenure rights are a necessary, although not sufficient condition (see, for example, Resosudarmo et al. 2014a).
The second major challenge has been the protracted process of obtaining HD tenure. The HD working area license and the HD management rights are obtained through steps that involve stringent formal verifications. The entire process of obtaining the HD working area license for each of the intervention villages, with intensive facilitation and support from FFI throughout the entire process, has taken two years. At the time of writing (October 2014), however, none of the villages have yet obtained HD management rights from the governor – the next and last crucial step to secure HD tenure. Villagers are thus beginning to question whether they will actually get management rights over their village forests and subsequently receive REDD+ benefits. In the meantime, oil palm companies are promising higher financial returns to village decision makers. These dynamics can easily erode the enthusiasm of communities towards HD and REDD+, and ultimately have implications for their interest and ability to conserve their forests. Due to increasing threats to these forests and the declining confidence within communities, FFI is working hard to encourage the governor of West Kalimantan to award HD tenure status to the villages.
The third major challenge concerns the internal dynamics in the villages and the different dynamics across the villages. Despite sharing a similar culture, communities are pluralistic entities in which people do not always have similar preferences and objectives. For example, a segment of the community may support HD and REDD+, while another may prefer other forms of development. This was clear in one study village, where the community split into two polarized views. One group wanted to conserve forests, while the other wanted to have oil palm development. Those who wanted oil palm attempted to influence the conservationists and those who were unsure about HD and REDD+. Moreover, there are elites who do not always represent the majority voice of the community. Engaging with such a community requires an understanding of its internal dynamics, adequate resources and patience. Moreover, KCCP involves the pooling of villages. Different dynamics across the villages (e.g. external vs internal threats, types of threats, effective village governance) requires alignment and intensive facilitation.
19.5 Lessons from the initiative
KCCP is the product of a creative undertaking to combine opportunities arising from two policy developments. One is internationally driven REDD+ that has been adopted by the Government of Indonesia through its various REDD+ policies and regulations (See Box H) reflecting a top-down approach. The other, facilitated by the national government policy on HD, is the bottom-up, participatory approach for increased clarity and security of local communities’ rights over their village forests. The participation and engagement of community is the essence of the entire HD process.
Ideally, national REDD+ policies and implementation of HD should be complementary to each other, yet the case of KCCP shows that they are not. The process of obtaining HD licenses is cumbersome, technical, time-consuming and costly so it poses mountainous obstacles to the process of enabling REDD+ on the ground. Moreover the process is complex and requires intensive communications with people at various scales in government, including in the capital city Jakarta; it is impossible to imagine how a highly motivated community could navigate this complex process on its own. The case of KCCP illustrates the indispensable role played by an organization such as FFI, and as well the urgent need for the government to streamline the process of obtaining the HD tenure status if it is truly committed to enabling the development of REDD+ on the ground. This case also shows that pressures against interests in conserving forests are strong, and thus the implementation of good policies such as HD should be guarded and supported, and if possible, made simpler and more amenable to bottom-up implementation so as not to lose the faith of communities.
FFI’s success in raising local communities’ awareness of the need to protect orangutans and to sustain their adat way of life, and in turn to affirm their willingness to protect their forests from outside interests through HD, was not achieved instantaneously. The dedicated hard work of the FFI staff, as well as their close personal relationship with people in the communities has played a crucial role in motivating them to participate in KCCP.
19.6 Acknowledgments
We would like to convey our heartfelt thanks to all of the community members and leaders from the study villages for allowing us to gain some insight and learn from their experiences, and for their time, support and friendship during our study, without which this research would not have been possible. We are grateful for the support provided by our FFI colleagues: Ahmad Kusworo, Darmawan Liswanto, Sugeng Raharjo, Rahmawati, Joseph Hutabarat, Happy Hendrawan, Lorens Arang, Andy Priyo S, Darkono Tjawikrama, Edy Nurdiansyah, Erik SM and Aseng Tan, Yanta, and Abdurahman AL Qahdri of Kawan Burung Ketapang Club and Sulhani of Yayasan Titian. Thanks to Muhammad Agus Salim, Uji Pribadi and Astrid Bos of CIFOR, who provided maps for the field research and for this chapter. We are indebted to the Ketapang Government for their support. We are grateful for the dedication and perseverance of our field team members and data encoders: Aar Lesmana, Arnest Ben Gurion, Meyrisia Lidwina, Jhon Roy Sirait, Merlinta Anggilia and Tina Taufiqoh. We would also like to thank Claudio de Sassi for providing the graphs and tables, and Ahmad Kusworo of FFI, and Stibniati Atmadja and Agus Djoko Ismanto of CIFOR for reviewing the draft of this chapter.
1 Production forest can be legally used for timber extraction. Conversion forest can be legally zoned for conversion to other uses outside of forestry, such as for agricultural development..
Claudia Cuellar — Client Care SpecialistA
Make This Morning Save Deal A Last Minute Valentine's Gift
13-Year-Old RJ Dances, Drums And Does It All!
The Latest Morning Save Deal Will Improve Your Lunch Game
9-Year-Old Campbell Builds Teddy Bears For Children With Cancer
Jess Lockwood Makes A Surprise Appearance on STEVE
Here's Another Morning Save Deal To Brighten Up Your Day
Laila Ali's Healthy Lamb Chop And Quinoa Dinner Recipes
Check Out the Puppies! They Need A Home. Adopt One Today!
#cut50 Dignity - For Incarcerated Women
It's Time For Another Amazing Morning Save Deal
Don't Snooze On These Morningsave.com Deals
#MotivationMonday- Tim Storey's Concept of "Life's Diner"
STEVE Deals from Morningsave.com
Wyclef Jean Performs A Medley Of Hits
#MotivationMonday - Tim Storey's 3 Steps to Getting Charged
New Year, New Deals From MorningSave.com
Pork with Apples and Roasted Potatoes
Mixed Green Salad with Navel Orange Segments and Blackberries
Green Beans with Chopped Walnuts and Garlic
Books N Bros Encourages the Youth to Read
Leslie Odom Jr. Performs ‘Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas’
Steve Harvey's Christmas Giveaways
The Deals That Keep Getting Better
Great Gift Ideas From Burlington
Steve Harvey Has a Couple of Surprises for Ben Sunderman
Liz Kennedy Calls in Dr. Roberts to Help Annette's Hair Loss
#putmeonsteve: Christina Performs ‘Don’t Rain On My Parade'
Trendy Tech Gifts For This Holiday Season From Morningsave.com
Smokey Robinson's New Album 'Christmas Everyday'
What's the Deal on These Products from MorningSave.com
Steve's Must See: Willie Spence Performs on STEVE
Lolo Jones and The Salvation Army's #Fightforgood
Cover Story Doo-Wop Performance Schedule
Debbie Allen's 'Hot Chocolate Nutcracker'
Sunny Anderson's Classic Brined and Roasted Turkey Plus Her Famous Glazes
Sunny Anderson's Sunny’s Spicy Macaroni and Cheese Plus More
Sunny Anderson's Blackberry Ginger Glazed Rainbow Carrots Plus More
Sunny Anderson's Happy Family Stuffing Plus More
We're Thankful for These Deals From Morningsave.com
Sunny Anderson's Easy Sweet Potato Mash
Sunny Anderson Smoked Turkey Leg and Green Bean Salad Plus More
Morning Save and Steve Harvey Partner Up to Give Out Cool Free Stuff
Morning Save and Steve Partner up to Give out Free Stuff
Gene Simmons Introduces the Vault Experience
Steve Harvey Keeps Giving Away Stuff!
A Story of Survival for a Dog Named Odin
The Deals of Tomorrow Are Here Today!
Morning Save Saves the Day!
10 to 1 Dating: Mom Gets Her Man
Help Support Puerto Rico #bstrong
Morningsave.com asks, "What Would You Do For…?"
11-year-old Kheris Rogers Flexin' on STEVE
Steve Makes Random People Do Random Acts for Free Gear from Morningsave.com
STEVE and Burlington Want You to Look Your Best This Fall!
It's Not Too Late to Donate to These Hurricane Relief Funds
Check out the Incredible Deals Steve and Morning Save Have for You!
Steve And MorningSave.com Have Some Incredibly Cool Stuff To Show You!
'What Would You Do For...' Some Free Stuff from MorningSave.com
Kevin's Last Surprise for Steve Harvey!
STEVE is Everything Steve Harvey Has Worked For
MorningSave.com and Steve Watch What People Would Do to Get Cool Stuff!
5 Things Steve Wants You to Know about STEVE
Exclusives, offers and the latest from STEVE
By signing up you agree to our Privacy PolicyThe eduBuzz LimeSurvey service is currently temporarily shutdown to permit migration to a new hosting service, LimeService.
Following the move of the eduBuzz WordPress (blogs) service to a specialist company, we no longer need to run the large dedicated server it was on, and this is the most cost-efficient way to maintain the LimeSurvey service in the future.
Existing data is being migrated today, and it it hoped to have the service back up by the end of the day.Evaluate the UK’s best mortgage lenders to search out the latest deals of 2018. Charlotte Nelson, finance skilled at , said: Whereas competitors in the mortgage market remains excessive, it’s clear that file low rates are beginning to disappear. Since interest rates change every day and range from program to program, we do not publish mortgage interest rates on our web site. Warning: Your home could also be repossessed if you don’t sustain repayments on your mortgage. Mortgage lenders work in another way.
Our instruments, rates and recommendation help irrespective of where you might be on life’s financial journey. Alliant provides each fixed and adjustable rate mortgages and you may qualify with a down payment as little as three% of the value of the home. That is because of the pre-set fee offered by the lenders we work with, so any extra of that quantity is rebated to you. Though a lot of the applying is done on-line, they do provide a house mortgage marketing consultant to help you by the process.
Though Wells Fargo presents the bottom monthly cost, the rates and fees from Navy Federal were significantly decrease, making it our top choice. If it is essential for you to have native contact with the lender, then you’ve got to go to a financial institution that keeps your mortgage,â€ says Davis, of the American Bankers Association. Alternatively, the largest mortgage lenders have larger amount of cash out there to its customers – however only those they approve.
Locate finest mortgage lenders in Oregon for professionals finest recommendation.
Compare the UK’s greatest mortgage lenders to search out the newest offers of 2018. Examine your own requirements to slim down the pool, and read up concerning the lenders’ reputations, charges and service. It affords mortgages in each state throughout the country, and it is one of many largest on-line retail mortgage lenders, in response to National Mortgage News, a publication that assembles quarterly rankings for the mortgage business. Interest rates change as a lot as three or four occasions a day, so get quotes fromÂ three completely different (lenders) to increase your odds,â€ says Brian Koss, executive vice chairman of Mortgage Community.
We secure mortgages for contractors based mostly on their contract rate alone. There are also some drawbacks to utilizing a mortgage dealer as an alternative of a direct lender. This full-service monetary establishment isn’t just a superb option to obtain a primary-time buyer mortgage, however they also provide a variety of other products and services for people and businesses. Its mortgage product offerings embody fixed-fee, adjustable-price, FHA , jumbo, VA , reverse mortgage and YOURgage – which affords reimbursement terms that you can customise beyond the standard 15- and 30-year mortgages supplied by most firms.
The permitted mortgage quantity will rely on the worth of your home and the amount of your down payment. We started with a master record of 181 lenders, banks, and credit unions â€” every mortgage firm we could search out. Cost quantity and frequency: The quantity paid per period and the frequency of payments; in some instances, the amount paid per interval could change or the borrower could have the choice to extend or decrease the amount paid.
When looking for one of the best mortgage, It always is sensible toÂ take a look at a minimal of three lenders, and on-line is the best strategy to compare charges and terms,â€ saysÂ Man Cecala, chief executive and writer of Inside Mortgage Finance You may want to get a great-faith estimate that breaks down the mortgage’s terms, including the rate of interest and fees, to be able to make an apples-to-apples comparability for the most effective deal.
By way of locations, Financial institution of America has only three branches all through the state however offers distinctive on-line companies in case you would quite full the process at home.
0 thoughts on “New England Mortgage”About Studio Moya
Studio Moya is a design firm that focuses on the needs of the global consumers looking for artistic solutions and contemporary design in traditional techniques.
“A story telling of traditional crafts and craftspeople through contemporary lifestyle products”.
We bring together the most unique confluence of traditional/local crafts like Madhubani, block printing and Leather Puppetry through a range of accessories, decor and apparel in a global perspective.
Our USP - The artwork stories we have developed over time are inspired from the traditional motifs and patterns intermingled with modern interpretations and finesse . We are the only makers in the whole wide world bringing together the two art forms Madhubani from Bihar and Leather Puppetry from Andhra in a Bespoke visual narrative of artworks used on a range of products engaging traditional artisans and giving them more perspectives to work. The products are well finished and matched to global quality standards.
The focus of our business is innovation in design through crafts while adhering to the sustainable business model.Prior Earns High Marks In Major League Debut
May 23, 2002
Box Score | Photo Gallery!
By NANCY ARMOUR
AP Sports Writer
CHICAGO (AP) - Mark Prior sat in the dugout after he finished pitching andlooked around Wrigley Field, taking in the roaring crowd and electricatmosphere.
And that's when it finally hit him. The phenom who's already got starbilling had lived up to the hype, striking out 10 in his major league debut asthe Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7-4 Wednesday night.
'It's definitely an experience I'll never forget,' Prior said after acelebratory dousing by his teammates. 'I don't think I'll realize themagnitude of the game probably until the offseason.
'But obviously, it's something special.'
So, it seems, is Prior. The No. 2 pick in last year's draft allowed two runsand four hits in six innings, walking two and hitting one batter. His only realblemish was a solo homer by Brian Giles.
Prior became only the 14th Cubs starter since 1920 to win his big leaguedebut - something not even Greg Maddux or Kerry Wood accomplished.
'He's not yet the second coming of Tom Seaver after six innings,' Piratesmanager Lloyd McClendon cautioned. 'Six innings doesn't really tell you muchother than that he's got a great arm. Your headlines tomorrow will sayotherwise.'
Prior certainly convinced Cubs fans. The crowd of 40,138 at Wrigley Field -the largest since opening day - cheered his every strike. 'K' signs hung fromthe left-field fence and a rooftop balcony.
As the Cubs shook hands on the field after the game, the fans chanted'Prior! Prior!' He acknowledged them by pumping his fist as he disappearedinto the dugout.
'Awesome,' Prior said of his reception. 'I'm really glad I got a start athome first, just so I had their support.'
Though the Cubs gave Prior an early lead on Sammy Sosa's solo homer and FredMcGriff's two RBIs, he had to sweat out the end as Adrian Brown and JasonKendall hit RBI singles to pull Pittsburgh to 5-4.
But pinch-hitter Darren Lewis and Joe Girardi each had RBI doubles in thebottom of the eighth, and Antonio Alfonseca got five outs for his seventh save.
'I was impressed with what he did today,' Sosa said. 'Going out there infront of 40,000 people and throwing the way he did, that was a good sign.'
Dave Williams (2-5) allowed five runs and seven hits in 4 1-3 innings forhis fourth straight loss. He's worked just 14 1-3 innings in his last fourstarts.
'He should have better command,' McClendon said. 'I'm a little puzzledright now. But I don't have a doghouse and I'm not sending the kid to theminors.'
Touted as one of the best college pitchers ever after going 15-1 with a 1.69ERA last year at Southern California, Prior has had a meteroic rise with theCubs. He came to spring training not having pitched since the College WorldSeries, yet dazzled the Cubs and their opponents with his potential.
Starting the season at Double-A West Tenn, he tore through the minorleagues. He went 5-2 with a 2.29 ERA in nine games at Double- and Triple-A,striking out 79 while walking only 18.
The Cubs have struggled for the better part of a century, so any sliver ofhope tends to be grabbed tight and squeezed until it chokes - or leaves foranother team. And the frenzy surrounding Prior (1-0) in Chicago has alreadyreached a level usually reserved for Michael Jordan.
But the 21-year-old right-hander seems unaffected by the attention so far.
'There was a lot of pressure on him with all the fanfare,' Cubs managerDon Baylor said. 'His mental toughness is exceptional.'
Prior sat at his locker before the game calmly reading a paper, occasionallybopping his head to Sosa's thumping CD. The fans gave a loud cheer when hisname was called during pregame introductions, but he walked out to the mound asif it was just another game.
'I heard the crowd when I walked out and when I was warming up,' he said.'But once I got in there, I was pretty much dialed in.'
He struck out at least one batter every inning, and allowed only oneextra-base hit - the homer by Giles leading off the sixth. Prior's only realtrouble came in the second, when he walked Rob Mackowiak on four pitches andhit Kendall in the left shoulder with a pitch.
Prior's teammates helped him with an impressive double play - third basemanBill Mueller caught the ball on his knees yet still made a perfect throw toBobby Hill at second - but Reese followed with an RBI single.
'That second inning, I was almost a little more nervous than I was thefirst inning, knowing I had the lead and now I've got to keep the lead,' Priorsaid. 'When he made that huge double play, that just calmed me down.'
He got out of the inning by striking out Williams.
Prior retired seven of eight batters during one stretch, getting help fromcenter fielder Corey Patterson, who made two great catches at the wall. Noteven Giles' homer seemed to distract Prior. He got Aramis Ramirez and Mackowiakfor his ninth and 10th strikeouts, then retired Kendall on a groundout.
As Prior walked off the field, the fans gave him a standing ovation.
'I tried to enjoy the experience,' he said. 'I tried looking around,seeing what's going on around me in the stands. I tried to take it in because Iknew I would never have a chance to do it again.
'At least not at this level, being my first start.'
Notes: The Cubs have won three of four after dropping nine straight. ...Williams has given up at least one homer in seven of his first eight starts.... Patterson was hit by a pitch in the face in the sixth inning, but stayed inthe game.
RELATED NEWS & VIDEOS
Mark Prior Continues Amazing Rookie Season In The MajorsAug 16 '02
Storen Makes Major League DebutMay 29 Earlier this year, the Second Court of Appeals ruled that an employee had to repay 1/3 of his salary to the employer as a reimbursement for training costs when he decided to leave. The employee argued that the reimbursement agreement contained in his offer letter was unconscionable (legal term for “patently unfair”) and against public policy, but the Court of Appeals rejected both of these arguments in upholding the trial court’s award.
In Sanders v. Future com, Ltd., Sanders signed an offer letter from Future com that stated that he would be responsible for repaying the company for any training provided to him by Future com if he voluntarily left the company within one year after completing such training. The repayment included travel expenses and “salary paid for study or course time.” Sanders left Future com within twelve months of receiving certain training but refused to repay $4,003.39 in travel costs and expenses and $34,476.96 in salary that Future com paid Sanders while he was being trained. The company sued him for breach of the employment agreement.
Sanders argued that the training reimbursement provision was not enforceable for a host of different reasons, but most notably, because it was unconscionable and against public policy. The Court of Appeals rejected both of the reasons findings that:
- The repayment provision was meant to protect the company from the loss of Sanders’ employment before it had the opportunity to recoup its costs from training him.
- The company had a legitimate interest in making sure that it was not training employees for its competitors.
- The company did not have to show that it actually suffered loss form Sanders’ departure.
- The repayment provision was clear and understandable and was not hidden so as to create an “unfair surprise” for Sanders.
- Since training repayment provisions have been found to serve public good, this provision was not against public policy.
TAKEAWAY FOR EMPLOYERS: Generally, training repayment provisions in employment agreements are enforceable in Texas. Employers should make sure that such clauses are written in a clear and understandable manner and are not hidden within employment contracts.
When determining the parameters of the reimbursement policies, companies should make sure that they comply with the Texas Texas Free Enterprise and Antitrust Act of 1983, which prohibits the restraint on trade. In the case above, it appears that the company provided significant amount of training that took up to 1/3 of employee’s working time. In such circumstances, a reimbursement clause may be more enforceable than where a company provided minimal training. Thus, when drafting a training reimbursement policy or agreement, it is best to consult with a qualified attorney to make sure that it is enforceable.
Leiza..
Now, weight loss is not the only outcome of popular diets. 2019 trending diets are focused on overall health, the consumption of fresh foods, and cutting out inflammatory ingredients. Not only do these popular diets affect what products you want to stock your shelves with, they can also have a major impact on your expired shrink.
Here’s what to watch for.
How 2019 Diet Trends Impact Expired Shrink
Keto
If you haven’t heard of the keto diet by now, you’ve probably heard of one of its offshoots: the Paleo diet, South Beach, or Atkins. Essentially, this diet is a low-carb, high-fat plan, where participants attempt to retrain their bodies to use a different fuel source.
“Instead of relying on sugar (glucose) that comes from carbohydrates (such as grains, legumes, vegetables, and fruits), the keto diet relies on ketone bodies, a type of fuel that the liver produces from stored fat,” says Harvard Medical School.
Originally developed to help children who have epileptic seizures, this diet has gained an almost cult-like following in health-conscious circles. You’ve probably already started stocking your store with extra keto-friendly products such as avocados, red meat, nuts and seeds, unprocessed cheeses, high-fat sauces and dressings, but you need to consider more than an adjusted inventory when you’re preparing for the momentum of the keto diet in your area.
If your customers become enamored with the keto diet, they’ll start to flock toward fresh foods and away from your center store. As a grocer, this means being even more diligent about center store inventory, as it may not move as fast as you’re accustomed to, and may contribute to increased expired shrink. A few items in this area of the store (mainly sauces, dressings, and nuts) may sell out quicker than you’d expect, resulting in more out-of-stock situations that could affect your bottom line.
Traditional rotating and spot checking won’t cut it if your customer base quickly becomes committed to the keto diet. To stay on top of shifts in your expired shrink and out-of-stock inventory, implement an expiration date management system that proactively notifies you when items are about to expire.
35% of shoppers say they are extremely likely to stop shopping a store after noticing a trend in expired product purchases. Click this link to read the rest of our study on the Impact of Expired Products on Supermarket Sales & Shopping Behavior.
Gluten-free
Gluten-free diets have become popular as the general population has become more aware of their various sensitivities to food. The most likely adaptors of a gluten-free diet are those with celiac disease, but many health-aware individuals may cut this mixture of proteins from their diet in order to avoid any inflammatory reactions.
It’s likely that over the past decade your center store has become inundated with gluten-free options, from pastas and crackers to breads and cereals. After all, customers who may not want to include gluten in their diets deserve to experience the joy of other carbs!
The most important thing to note about your inventory is that gluten-free foods have a shorter shelf life. That means that when you’re placing orders, it’s important to take into account that popular gluten-free products won’t last as long as other items in your center store.
Pro tip: not every gluten-free items needs to live in your center store. Some grocers freeze gluten-free bread in order to extends its shelf life and avoid an expired product scandal.
Though likely to sell quickly, it’s integral to keep a detailed eye on your gluten-free inventory to ensure that an item doesn’t expire on your shelves. While it may seem advantageous to play into the gluten-free trend and place a large order of these diet-specific products, excessive ordering may lead to products expiring on your shelves before their short shelf lives give them an opportunity to sell-through.
Intermittent Fasting
Less of a diet and more of a lifestyle, intermittent fasting has taken the health world by storm over the past few years. Not only is this dietary movement known to help with weight loss, it also may even help participants live longer.
At its core, intermittent fasting is a dietary trend that encourages people to restrict the times when they eat. There are multiple methods, but one of the most popular is the 16/8 method where participants only eat during an 8-hour period of the day, typically skipping breakfast in favor of meals in the afternoon and evening.
So, what does this mean for your grocery store?
When it comes to intermittent fasting, your center store is likely to be the area most affected. In addition to a reduction in the purchases of breakfast foods like cereal or oatmeal, intermittent fasters are less likely to eat traditional snack foods since they are condensing their meal times into a short period. By eliminating those evening hour snack sessions, intermittent fasters will also cut down on their trips to your snack aisles, making those areas of your store ripe for expired shrink. Rely on your expiration date management software to keep you up to date on your close-dated inventory so you can take action before a customer finds an expired item on your shelves.
Mediterranean Diet
This diet is exactly what it sounds like: a meal plan made up of foods that are traditionally eaten in Mediterranean locations. With an emphasis on heart health, this diet trend encourages participants to eat mostly plant-based foods (whole grains, nuts, legumes, fruits and vegetables), olive oil, spices, fish, and an occasional glass of red wine.
This lighter fare has also been proven to contribute to a “reduced incidence of cancer, and Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s diseases,” says Mayo Clinic. “Women who eat a Mediterranean diet supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil and mixed nuts may have a reduced risk of breast cancer.”
The Mediterranean diet’s impact on your expired shrink is particularly interesting, because instead of focusing on cutting certain items out of one’s diet, it pushes participants to eat more of the foods that are proven to be healthy for them. Everything in your store from whole grain breads and crackers to canned beans and olive oil could move quicker than usual as a result of the increasing popularity of the Mediterranean diet. This may actually reduce the amount of expired shrink in regards to these items, but could force you to buy more product to keep up with demand.
Diet trends can have an impact on your expired shrink by making certain products move quicker than you’d expect, or more slowly. Traditional rotation and spot checking methods may not be enough to keep up with the onslaught of changes caused by evolving dietary trends in the United States. It’s time to turn to a digital expiration date management solution to ensure that you’re on top of your inventory, and that your customers won’t find expired products (or long-term out-of-stock notices!) on your shelves.While brainstorming possible places to go for this assignment, I remembered a particular hunting trip a few years ago, when my dad and I drove over the side of mountain and came across an old mining settlement. It made such an impression on me at the time that I decided it would be worth the drive to Mackay to check it out again–partly for pictures, partly because I was sick of homework and just wanted to go adventuring.
And I wasn’t disappointed. There was so much more there than I had expected, spread out all over the hills and into the mountains. Old mining buildings, an old wooden tramway system, cabins…it had it all.
Challenges:
- A lot of the structures were so aged and skeletal that they didn’t stand out against the hills and trees behind them. So, as you can see in the pictures, I frequently chose a lower perspective so that the buildings would stand out against the sky (which, luckily, was moody and had some texture.)
- I didn’t bring gloves because I’m apparently in denial that it’s November already, so my hands kept getting cold and stiff. Although…in a way I think this actually benefited me, because I had such a small amount of time to take pictures that I took them a little more carefully.
- The main structure spooked me out a little bit because its big metal panels would swing and creak in the wind, usually after a long quiet pause.
So, here they are!
Greetings Laker Nation,
Come to the Faculty Student Basketball Games tomorrow night! All proceeds go to the Wellness Department Student Scholarships. The games begin at 5:30 pm. Tickets are $5.00 for students and $7.00 for adults.
Our DECA students had a successful trip at their State Conference. The following students earned medallions for placing in the top 3 in their test or role play: Jared Baril, Tori Lariviere, Matt Santos, Nathan Studley, Allyson Maher, Robert Pacheco, Emily Porter, and Aidan MacSweeney.
The following students placed in the top 10 in their category: Nathan Snow, Aidan MacSweeney, Paris Inacio, Gianna Marag, Nathan Studley, Matt Santos, Rebekah Goodfellow, Tori Lariviere, Caroline Lambert and Liam Macphail.
The following students placed in the top 3 and will be moving on to the International Conference (ICDC) in Orlando: Emily Porter, Robert Pacheco and Allyson Maher.
Our SBE Team of Caroline Lambert and Liam Macphail will also compete at the ICDC.
Tori Lariviere was one of 7 students who was elected to be a DECA state officer. The installation ceremony will be at ICDC!
At the J.A. Titan Challenge, ARHS’s team of Robert Pacheco, Aidan Wilson, and Brendan O’Connor took third place! As a result, each has earned a $500.00 scholarship. Great job!
Chemistry students in Dr. Tate’s class engaged in the City Watershed sponsored by BSU part of their STEM/science outreach program. Check out the pictures on our Instagram. ARHS_Laker_Nation_Grams.
ELA MCAS is upon us! All grade 10 students will engage in the ELA MCAS on March 26-27th. Students taking the exam will attend a pre-exam presentation on March 21st and are reminded that breakfast will be served on exam days.
Final Standings for Winter Varsity Athletics: Basketball Boys: 14-8-0, Basketball Girls 19-5-0, Hockey 7-12-0, Wrestling 3-1-0, Track Boys 1-5-0, Track Girls 5-1-0, Swim Boys 5-5-0 and Swim Girls 6-4-0.
Rehearsals for "The Wizard of Oz" are underway by The Apponequet Players. Save the date for their upcoming performances on April 4th, 5th and 6th at 7:00 pm. the Massachusetts Educational Financing Authority (MEFA), this presentation will provide an overview of college admissions, including building the college list, college admission trends, the college application process and basics about financial aid. Families will receive a seminar handout and are encouraged to visit MEFA's website at for additional resources and tools. Questions regarding the seminar may be directed to Paula Money at pmoney@freelake.org
Free Math and Bio MCAS tutoring is available.
• Math MCAS, grades 9 & 10, Thursdays, 2:00 - 2:30 pm in Room 101:
04/01/19 - Early Dismissal @ 10:27 am
04/04/19 - 04/06/19 - Spring Musical
04/12/19 - No School
04/15/19 - 04/19/19 - April VacationHotel The Galleri by Katathani
218/9 Kata - Saiyuan Road, Kata Beach, Karon, Muang, Phuket , 83100 Kata Beach, Thailand –
Hotel surroundings –
Closest Landmarks
- Surf House Phuket0.3 miles
- The Coffee Club Kata Beach0.9 miles
- SC Plaza Kata1 miles
- Kata View Point1 miles
- Starbucks Kata Beach1.1 miles
- Dino Park Mini Golf1.2 miles
- Big Buddha1.3 miles
- Karon Night Market2.2 miles
- Phuket Shooting Range2.3 miles
- Naiharn Lake2.4 miles
Beaches in the Neighborhood
- Kata Beach Golden sandSwimming, Water Sports, Food & Drink, Surfing, Watching the Sunset
Closest Airports
- Phuket Airport20.5 miles
- Krabi International Airport50.5 miles
Most Popular Landmarks
- Nai Harn Beach2.4 miles
- Chalong Pier3 miles
- Chalong Temple3.4 miles
- Tiger Muay Thai and MMA Training Camp4.2 miles
- Phuket Simon Cabaret4.7 miles
- Patong Boxing Stadium5.9 miles
- Prince of Songkla University6.7 miles
- Go-Kart Speedway6.9 miles
- Phuket Aquarium7.3 miles
- Phuket FantaSea10 miles
Thank you for your time
Your feedback will help us improve this feature for all of our customersClose
Palette Restaurant
Food: Thai, Asian, International
Open for: Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner
5 reasons to choose The Galleri by Katathani
Why book with us?
Prices you can't beat!
Manage your bookings online
The staff speaks English
Booking is safe
One of our top picks in Kata Beach
Facilities of The Galleri by Katathani Great facilities! Review score, 8.3
Most Popular Facilities
Pets
Pets are not allowed.
Food & Drink
- Bar
- Restaurant
Internet
Free! WiFi is available in all areas and is free of charge.
Parking
Free! Free private parking is available on site (reservation is not needed).
Pool and Spa
- Swimming pool
- Spa facilities
- Pool/Beach towels
- Outdoor pool
- Massage Additional charge
- Spa Additional charge
- Fitness center
Front Desk Services
- Concierge
- Baggage storage
- Ticket service
- Tour desk
- Currency exchange
- 24-hour front desk
Cleaning Services
- Laundry
Business Facilities
- Business center
- Meeting/Banquet facilities Additional charge
General
- Shuttle service
- Adults only
- Airport shuttle (additional charge)
- Shuttle service (additional charge)
- Air conditioning
- Car rental
- Gift shop
- Safe
- Elevator
- Non-smoking rooms.
The Galleri by Katathani accepts these cards and reserves the right to temporarily hold an amount prior to arrival.
Please note that The Palette Restaurant serves breakfast daily from 06:30 - 10:30 hrs.
Guests are required to show a photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Please note that all Special Requests are subject to availability and additional charges may apply.
Please inform The Galleri by Katathani of your expected arrival time in advance. You can use the Special Requests box when booking, or contact the property directly using the contact details in your confirmation.The Maharajas Express awaits us for our luxury holiday
Rajasthan, in the northwest India, is one of the regions that any traveller has to consider visiting once in his life. Formerly known as the Rajputana during the British Empire period, Rajasthan is on of the iconic tourist regions of modern India. Pronouncing the names of its main cities as Udaipur, Birkaner, Jaisalmer or Jodhpur is like opening a box filled with dreams of elegant palaces and tall forts where beautiful slender princesses dressed in colourful saris stood by Rajahs both wearing the most precious jewels.
To visit Rajasthan, all options are available. For the lowest budgets backpacks, local buses and inexpensive street-food are the standard rule, but the trip will be, although extremely interesting, much more tiring, and you will need to travel for a few weeks.
The great majority of visitors come to discover this large region through classical group or individual packages. Travelling on board a comfortable coach or in a private car, with their own guide, they spend long hours travelling from one place to the next one and every few nights they will have to register in a different hotel. And packing and unpacking luggage are the two most boring things to face when you have to do it everyday during your holidays.
The Gate of India in Mumbai
However for a few lucky travellers there is another option but one that might break the money bank! These people have only to board the luxury train “Maharajas Express” for one of its journeys that crosses the whole of Rajasthan. Three times awarded the prize of World Leading Luxury Train in 2012,2013 and 2014, the Maharajas Express is the ultimate way to discover this part of India. It’s a luxury hotel-on-wheels that, day and night, provides its guests with an amazing service not only on board but also during all outside activities. Running only from October to March, the train program offers a choice between 4-day or 8-day journeys. For our first trip on board the Maharajas Express we choose the “Heritage of India” journey, an 8-day trip beginning in Mumbai on the Arabian Sea coast and which ends in Delhi.
To get to the vibrant city of Mumbai, there are countless options including British Airways and Air India but this time we flew on Air France. And, to be in the mood for our train luxury, we took two seats in business class. The on board service was as expected and the food was great. Every six months a new set of menus composed by well known chefs is available to business class passengers and the cherry on the cake was the large reclining seat that can be transformed in a comfortable kind of ‘bed’ where it’s so good that you can get a reasonable night’s sleep.
Mumbai, the ‘gate of India’
In Mumbai the afternoon meeting point was at the famous Taj Mahal Palace on the sea front, and that gave us the opportunity in the morning to walk to the city’s top tourist attraction right next to the hotel, the “Gateway of India”, the huge yellow basalt triumphal arch built to commemorate the visit of King George V and Queen Mary in December 1911. It was through this arch, on 28 February 1948, that the last regiment of British troops left the country when India became independent.
the first part of our welcome to the Express
Back to the peace and quiet of the Taj Mahal Palace, we met the Maharajas Express train management and all the other guests, around a nice buffet. After a few minutes of individual registration and a short presentation of the life on board and of the detailed program of the journey, we discovered that the great majority of passengers were coming from Europe and North America, with a few from the India sub-continent. Most of them were first-time travellers to Rajasthan and to India.
Despite the permanent Mumbai traffic-jam we were transferred in time to the station where our Maharajas Express train offered us a memorable welcome with a long red carpet and the whole crew in beautiful uniforms forming a guard of honour. All around a gentle crowd of Indian people gazed at us and we felt as proud as movie stars entering the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles for the Academy Awards.
Entering the train is like walking back in time to the dawn of the late century. The on-board decoration recreates the atmosphere of an earlier age and none of us would have been surprised to meet elegant ladies wearing crinolines and British officers of the Indian Army with their beautiful uniforms. Our first steps in the train were to discover the make –up of life on board. The Rajah Club car and the Safari car, with their traditional wood panelled walls and doors, are the two lounge bars providing comfortable relaxing seats, perfect places to unwind and to socialise whilst tasting any of the exquisite range of spirits and wines available. The Mayur Mahal and the Rang Mahal are the two fine dining restaurants, delicately decorated with hand painted fresco ceilings. The huge modern kitchen takes up an entire car between the two dining cars.
then come on the dancers
Each car is named after precious gems and are outfitted as 4 standard cabins or 3 junior-suites. One entire car carries the Presidential Suite. For each car a single butler is dedicated night and day to provide an exclusive friendly and unobtrusive service.
Guided by Prabhakar, our private butler we walked down the train to our cabin, a junior-suite in the Manik car (Manik means Ruby). It was quite large with two windows in the bedroom to enjoy the landscape when the train is moving. Looking at the stylish decoration, the amenities, the comfortable double bed, the nice desk, the armchairs and the en-suite bathroom (with a shower cubicle and a third window) it was hard to resist the thought that we would be comfort and good hands for our lavish journey.
Soon the train began to move leaving the crowded suburbs of Mumbai for a overnight trip. After having shared a glass of wine with some of the guests at the Rajah Club, we moved to the Mahur Mahal car to enjoy our first dinner on board. The menu had a large selection of International and Indian courses. Both of us being Asian food addicts we opted for the Indian ones, and soon we were delighted by the taste of Indian spices.
Ajanta, the temple-caves valley
a first view of the Ajanta Caves
The next morning Prabhakar awaked us very early with a cup of hot tea and one of coffee, a nice morning present that is a regular daily ritual. Then all the guests met at the restaurant for the rich daily breakfast before boarding the very comfortable coaches (belonging to the company) for our first excursion to the Ajanta Caves, the first of the wonders of India that we would be visiting on this trip.
We travelled for 90 minutes along reasonable roads via villages and fields. The women were dressed in bright coloured saris and we noticed that all farmers were only working in the fields with oxen. We also saw numerous sellers in their very small shops at the roadside. We were in the heart of the real countryside of India, far away from the buzzing cities of the country.
one of the fresoes in the caves
Ajanta is a major Buddhism site hidden in the U-shaped gorge of the small river Waghur. Among 30 cave monuments cut into the tall south cliff, five of the shrines are called ‘Chaitya Halls’ because they are built around a central stupa. The other caves are ‘Viharas‘ very small monasteries with only a central hall surrounded by monks’ cells. These caves had been built during two distinct periods, the second century BC and around the 5th and 6th centuries AD. But what made the Ajanta Caves a UNESCO World Heritage Site, are the quality of the Buddha’s sculptures and the profusion of amazing paintings decorating the walls.
To get to the long path that links the caves halfway up the cliff we had an option. We could either climb up a steep access path or we could take the lazy way and use the service of local sedan chairs carried by four men. Arriving at the first cave we were surprised by the beauty of the site, a long line of caves overlooking the valley and the dark river down below. Each cave has its own size, shape and decoration. Some have a very simple entrance but many have carved frontages with beautiful columns directly cut in the rock. We visited as many as we could in the time available but couldn’t manage them all. We admired the art of the sculptors who carved the cave walls and ceilings and we were astonished at the delicacy of the portrayals of young sexy women that are surely some of the finest ones ever discovered in India.
the caves are much bigger than I thought
With our heads, filled with beautiful images, we returned to the train which immediately started off for Rajasthan. This long leg of our journey gave us a full afternoon of rest to enjoy the great service on board. And the next morning around 10am – a civilised time of the day to start sightseeing – we arrived in Udaipur for another day of fabulous visits.
Text and photos ©Frederic de PolignyBabies born prematurely (at less than 37 weeks gestation) or with a low birth weight (less than 2500 grams) have special feeding requirements. the severe bowel disorder, necrotising enterocolitis. This review looked at whether dilute formula milk is more effective than full strength formula milk in the initial feeding of preterm babies. The evidence for this review is current up to February 2013. Three studies were included in the review, one small, low-quality trial in 50 preterm infants; a second small, moderate quality trial in 38 preterm infants and a third very small trial of unclear quality in 14 preterm infants. The trials found that infants receiving dilute formula achieved full energy intake earlier than infants receiving full strength formula (20 kcal/oz) and experienced fewer episodes of feeding intolerance. A lack of data on other important outcomes, such as the incidence of necrotising enterocolitis and weight gain, limits the usefulness of the studies and highlights areas that need to be addressed in future trials.
There is evidence from three small, old trials at unclear risk of bias that use of dilute formula in preterm or low birth weight formula-fed infants leads to an important reduction in the time taken for these infants to attain an adequate energy intake. There was no evidence of important differences in feeding intolerance. The impact on serious gastrointestinal problems, including necrotising enterocolitis, was not reported..
To assess the effects of dilute versus full strength formula on the incidence of necrotising enterocolitis, feeding intolerance, weight gain, length of stay and time to achieve full calorie intake in exclusively formula-fed preterm or low birth weight infants. A secondary objective was to assess the effects of different dilution strategies.
We used the standard search methods of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group. This included searches of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (The Cochrane Library 2013, Issue 1), MEDLINE (1946 to February 2013) and EMBASE (1974 to February 2013).
Randomised or quasi-randomised trials comparing strengths of formula milk in exclusively formula-fed preterm or low birth weight infants. Studies were excluded if infants received formula as a supplement to breast milk.
We independently assessed studies for inclusion. We collected data using the standard methods of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group, with independent assessment of risk of bias and data extraction. We synthesised mean differences using a fixed-effect meta-analysis model.
Three studies involving 102 preterm or low birth weight infants were included in the review. The studies compared dilute (double volume, half strength) formula with full strength (20 kcal/oz) formula. We assessed all three studies as being at unclear risk of bias due to the likely absence of blinding of study personnel and the potential for selection bias in the largest trial. Data for the primary outcome of necrotising enterocolitis were not reported in any of the studies. Two of the studies (88 infants) could be combined in the meta-analysis. Infants in the dilute formula with double volume (half strength) group had significantly fewer episodes of feeding intolerance. Infants in the dilute formula with double volume (half strength) group had fewer episodes of gastric residuals per day (one study, mean difference (MD) -1.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.2 to -0.2), fewer episodes of gastric residuals per baby until attaining 100 kcal/kg (one study, MD -0.80, 95% CI -1.32 to -0.28), fewer episodes of vomiting per day (one study, MD -0.04, 95% CI -0.07 to -0.01) and fewer occurrences of abdominal distension greater than 2 cm (two studies, MD -0.16, 95% CI -0.19 to -0.13). For the secondary outcomes, infants in the dilute formula with double volume (half strength) group attained an adequate energy intake significantly earlier than infants in the full strength group (two studies, MD -2.26, 95% CI -2.85 to -1.67). For weight gain one week after commencement of intragastric feeds, the difference between groups was not statistically significant (one study, MD 0.05 kg, 95% CI -0.06 to 0.15). Data were not reported for length of hospital stay.The Age Of Video Marketing
Charles Snyder Raw #65 – The Age Of Video Marketing. I stumbled upon an article on Entrepreneur’s website about video marketing. So I talk about that article as well as a related one that basically say that you need to get ready. But I have been saying for the past 10 years that you need video in your marketing. I’m also dealing with a personal issue right now, but a couple minutes into the video my energy comes back.
The Age Of Video Marketing is now – Download our Free Marketing Readiness Worksheet to make sure you’re ready!DIY Pallet Gardening Table
Wouldn’t be great to have your own gardening/ potting table, a place where you can keep all gardening related tools and that you can easily hide when not in use? You can really have one, suitable for your needs and made from simple materials: 2 same size pallets, 4 strap hinges (4’’), 6- C shaped- heavy- duty screws, small C hooks, wood screws and chain. First, attach the two pallets placing hinges – from the center (2) to the exterior (2). Insert the big C screws in the last two planks of the pallets- 2 on the upper pallet, 2 on the lower pallet and another 2 on top of the upper pallet. Pass the chain through the hooks and fixate the pallet table to the wall of your house/ garage, using 2 C screws. Add the small C hooks and start storing your gardening supplies. Enjoy!As an indie author, you’re more than a writer. You’re a business owner.
The big difference between being an indie author and going with a publishing house? Who does the work. As an indie author, it’s up to you to treat your writing as a business. You’ll be the one who shoulders the responsibilities of a publisher—and they are considerable.
It’s important to cultivate the dream of being a successful author, but make sure you populate that dream with accurate details, especially if you choose to be an indie author. You’re more than a writer. You’re a business owner, as well as your own marketing department. And, just because your business is writing, you’re not exempt from the reality that it takes money to make money. You’ve got to have a business plan. Here are the elements.
What’s the plan?
The better question is, why the plan? It just looks wonky as a subhead. It’s important to understand the reason for an indie author business plan, though. Consider it to be your operating system.
We turn on our computers and mobile devices and expect them to know what to do. Imagine if we had to figure out the steps to creating a new document each time we opened our word processor, or we had to configure our smartphone every time we wanted to send a text message.
That’s the “why” behind a business plan. You want to stick to the writing, so mapping out the rest of what needs to be done as an indie writer can’t be something you have to re-create every time you’ve got something ready to share with the world.
It’s your operating system. It helps you stay out of the weeds and focus on what matters. Reality check: The writing really matters, but it won’t find traction without the support of your business plan. What’s the foundation of that plan?
What are you writing?
You don’t have to be an MBA to know that your product is writing. More specifically here, your book. And, like most authors, you plan to write more than one book. Each of your books must have its own business plan. Of course, your plan of action for each will most likely be similar, but as with most things, you may need to tweak the process along the way to find what works best for you.
The first step in this plan is committing to a specific product—in this case, a book topic. You can also pick a title, but it may change. Your topic is secure, and it allows you to build around it—even if certain details change. The key here is to go through the thought exercises to create as much detail as possible about what it is you plan to create and share with readers.
What are your deadlines and goals?
Successful businesses have mission statements and vision statements. Those are often lofty goals that basically present a future state. How do you get to that future state? You create and meet deadlines and goals that are taking place right now.
If you were diligent in fleshing out what you plan to write, you now have a confident idea of what’s going to be involved in creating it. Extract your deadlines and goals from this. You want to document things like:
- Projected completion date
- Daily writing goals to meet the completion date
- Sales goals
Who are your competitors?
Businesses can’t operate in a vacuum. You must know who else is creating products like yours. This research is extremely helpful because it helps you to understand their process, and it may be something that works for you as well.
As an indie author, it’s crucial for you to understand your market and who’s already satisfying customer demand.
- Who are these authors?
- What does their target reader look like?
- What have they done (besides writing books) to make themselves successful?
- How, specifically, are they selling their books to readers?
There’s a fine line between art and commerce. Many artists say they’re not concerned about what others are doing. Business owners know it’s crucial to know what others are doing—mainly because it’s valuable information that can be used to duplicate their success for yourself. You must choose the median between being a writer and being a business owner.
What’s your marketing plan?
This isn’t an idea bouncing around in your head. It’s a document. You’ve done a competitive analysis. You know who else is in your niche, and you’re confident you know how they’re finding success. Now it’s time to take what you know and project what you can do.
Marketing plans can be crazy with details, or they can be beautifully simple. The choice is yours, and it often depends on how much you enjoy the process. Just make sure that whatever you decide to include, it’s about helping your target reader find and purchase your book. Minimally, your plan should include these four elements:
- Your target customer. Get as specific as you can, including age, gender, location, preferences beyond reading. Your goal here is to create what’s known as a customer persona. Some businesses get into such detail that they even name their personas.
- Marketing channels. How do you (and you must!) plan to communicate with your target audience?
- This just isn’t about how much you plan to charge for your book—it’s also why you plan to charge the price. Marketing is about strategy. Will you price it insanely low because your strategy is to get it read by as many people as possible? Or do you plan to price it to generate enough revenue to meet a certain sales goal? Your pricing should include any special offers.
- Sales channels. How do you plan to sell your book to readers? You have options—but knowing about them isn’t the same as researching how they work and what you must do to utilize them.
Who is going to help you?
Yes, this is a lot of work. Successful indie authors will tell you that they don’t do it by themselves—and it’s because they are thinking like business owners instead of writers. They understand the concept of core focus.
This part of your business plan is all about determining the outside experts you need to deliver a quality product to your customers. Businesses often undertake what’s known as a SWOT Analysis. SWOT is an acronym for Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats.
What are you good at (besides writing!). Knowing your weaknesses allows you to focus resources on these areas. You must invest in your product’s weaknesses to overcome threats if you want it to sell.
Assembling the plan
Business plans often include crazy amounts of spreadsheets and numbers, but they ultimately are nothing more than the story of a product’s journey. Take what you’ve discovered by following these steps and tell the story of your book’s journey. You’ll have goals and deadlines, you’ll know who wants to read it and who else is writing books like it, and you’ll know how it’ll get to readers once it’s written.
You’re in the business of writing. Businesses don’t succeed because of chance, hoping, or good luck. They plan for their success. It’s time to plan for yours.
One commentSubject: [boost] Proposal: Add Loki Library's SafeFormat to Boost:
From: Tom Browder (tom.browder_at_[hidden])
Date: 2008-12-30 13:43:13
The last Loki thread I see here is the one from 2002 discussing adding
Loki to Boost. I asked Andrei once about doing that specifically for
the Loki SafeFormat functions (FPrint, Printf, and SPrintf) and he
said FPrintf wasn't good enough yet.
However, I find all of them very useful and would love to see them
added to the Boost library.
Andrei's original comments regarding FPrintf's shortcomings are here:
His "Dr. Dobb's Journal" article describing SafeFormat is here:
Thank you for your consideration.
Warmest regards,
-Tom
Tom Browder
Niceville, Florida
USA
Boost list run by bdawes at acm.org, gregod at cs.rpi.edu, cpdaniel at pacbell.net, john at johnmaddock.co.ukAgenda
A Less than Ordinary Taste of Christmas in London
By FDL on
ShareFacebook Twitter
The enchanting venue of Tobacco Dock with an exciting line-up of London’s best restaurants and foodie entertainment will host the all new Taste of Christmas, London's culinary event of the festive season. If you get a chance to attend, you can taste signature dishes from Ametsa with Arzak Instruction, Italian restaurant Acciuga, Jamie Oliver’s Barbecoa, Old Street favorite - Beard to Tail, pop-up maestros Disco Bistro (feat. Rock Lobsta), The Hix Group (feat. Tramshed, Hix Soho & Hix Chophouse) and gastro pub favorite The Truscott Arms.
Seasonal inspiration will be provided from top chefs including Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall, Mark Hix, Monica Galetti, Valentine Warner, Eric Lanlard, Michel Roux Jr and Gizzi Erskine as they put their individual twists on Christmas classics at the Electrolux Taste Theatre.
There will also be patisserie masterclasses plus cheese & wine and chocolate tastings. The absolute highlights? A sample of whiskeys in the dark, or cocktail mixology demos.
Between bites you can do some early Christmas shopping at the Food & Drink Market or take a break at the Laurent-Perrier Champagne Bar.
For more info and programs, check Taste of Christmas' website.
pentester12345 said on
12345Central London (also known less commonly as London city centre) is the innermost part of London, in the United Kingdom, and Dulwich]
Coordinates: 51°30′26″N 0°07′39″E / 51.5073°N 0.1275°E.Bond Street tube station
Bond Street. It is in Travelcard Zone 1. Bond Street will also be a station on the future Elizabeth line, between Paddington and Tottenham Court Road.Central London Railway
The Central London Railway (CLR), also known as the Twopenny Tube, was a deep-level, underground "tube" railway that opened in London in 1900. The CLR's tunnels and stations form the central section of the London Underground's Central line.
The railway company was established in 1889, funding for construction was obtained in 1895 through a syndicate of financiers and work took place from 1896 to 1900. When opened, the CLR served 13 stations and ran completely underground in a pair of tunnels for 9.14 kilometres (5.68 mi) between its western terminus at Shepherd's Bush and its eastern terminus at the Bank of England, with a depot and power station to the north of the western terminus. After a rejected proposal to turn the line into a loop, it was extended at the western end to Wood Lane in 1908 and at the eastern end to Liverpool Street station in 1912. In 1920, it was extended along a Great Western Railway line to Ealing to serve a total distance of 17.57 kilometres (10.92 mi).After initially making good returns for investors, the CLR suffered a decline in passenger numbers due to increased competition from other underground railway lines and new motorised buses. In 1913, it was taken over by the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL), operator of the majority of London's underground railways. In 1933 the CLR was taken into public ownership along with the UERL.Central line (London Underground)). It is one of only two lines on the Underground network to cross the Greater London boundary, the other being the Metropolitan line. One of London's deep-level railways, Central line trains are smaller than those on British main lines.
The line was opened as the Central London Railway in 1900, crossing central London on an east–west axis, as the third deep-level Tube line to be built after electric trains made them possible. It was later extended to the western suburb of Ealing. After the Second World War, the line was expanded considerably into the recently constructed suburbs, taking over steam-hauled outer-suburban routes to the borders of London and beyond to the east. This realised plans that had been delayed by the war, when construction stopped and the unused tunnels were used as air-raid shelters and factories. However, suburban growth proved to be less than expected, and of the planned expansions one (to Denham, Buckinghamshire) was cut short due to its location in the Metropolitan Green Belt and another (to Ongar) ultimately closed in 1994 due to low patronage; the section between Epping and Ongar later became part of the Epping Ongar Railway. The Central line has mostly been operated by automatic train operation since a major refurbishment in the 1990s, although all trains still carry drivers. Many of its stations are of historic interest, from turn-of-the-century Central London Railway buildings in west London to post-war modernist designs on the West Ruislip and Hainault branches, as well as Victorian-era Eastern Counties Railway and Great Eastern Railway buildings east of Stratford, from when the line to Epping was a rural branch line.
In terms of total passengers, the Central line is the busiest on the Underground. In 2011/12 over 260 million passenger journeys were recorded on the line. It currently operates the second-most frequent service on the network, with 34 trains per hour (tph) operating for half-an-hour in the westbound direction during the morning peak, and between 27 and 30 tph during the rest of the peak. This makes the Central line the busiest and most intensively-used railway line in the United Kingdom: it is the only Tube line running east–west through the central core of London, running under Oxford Street and the financial centre of the City of London. Crossrail, due to begin most of its core operation in autumn 2019 with full service by the end of 2019, will provide interchange with the Central line at Stratford, Liverpool Street, Tottenham Court Road, Bond Street and Ealing Broadway, relieving overcrowding in these.List of public art in London
This is a list of public art in London, including statues, memorials, architectural sculptures and others, divided by London borough and the City of London.List of sub-regions used in the London Plan
Greater London is divided into five.London Borough of Islington
The London Borough of Islington (  that.London Central Mosque.London station group..North London. The constituent districts were traditionally part of Middlesex with the exception of a small area around Barnet which was part of Hertfordshire.
North London. There is also a northern postal area but this includes some areas not normally described as part on North London, while excluding many others that are.River Thames
The River Thames ( (listen) TEMZ), known alternatively in parts as the Isis,).South Bank
South Bank is an entertainment and commercial district in central London, next to the River Thames opposite the City of Westminster. It forms a narrow strip of riverside land within the London Borough of Lambeth (where it adjoins Albert Embankment) and the London Borough of Southwark, (where it adjoins Bankside). As such, South Bank may be regarded as somewhat akin to the riverside part of an area known previously as Lambeth Marsh and North Lambeth.
While South Bank is not formally defined, it is generally understood to bounded by Westminster Bridge and Blackfriars Bridge, and to be centred approximately half a mile (800 metres) south-east of Charing Cross. The name South Bank was first widely used in 1951 during the Festival of Britain. The area's long list of attractions includes the County Hall complex, the Sea Life London Aquarium, the London Dungeon, Jubilee Gardens and the London Eye, the Southbank Centre, Royal Festival Hall, National Theatre, and BFI Southbank. In addition to their official and business functions, both the County Hall and the Shell Centre have major residential components.
Due to it often being waterlogged in winter, the area was slower to develop than the "North Bank" of the Thames . Throughout its history, it has twice functioned as an entertainment district, interspersed by around a hundred years of wharfs, domestic industry and manufacturing being its dominant also to raise the whole tract of land to prevent flooding.In 1951 the Festival of Britain redefined the area as a place for arts and entertainment. It now forms a significant tourist district in central London, stretching from Blackfriars Bridge in the east to Westminster Bridge in the west. A series of central London bridges connect the area to the northern bank of the Thames Golden Jubilee and Waterloo Bridge.Student Central
Student Central is a students' society of the University of London. It was previously the students' union of the federal University of London, known as the University of London Union (commonly referred to as ULU, pron. 'yoo-loo'), which was closed and transformed into Student Central in August 2014. Since the closure of its student governance, each student is instead primarily affiliated to a student union of their individual college, as the University of London is a federal structure encompassing many constituent colleges.ULU provided a range of services on an intercollegiate basis, including cultural, recreational and sporting activities. Its seven-floor building in Malet Street, Central London, next to Birkbeck, University of London, included bars, restaurants, shops, banks, swimming pool and a live music venue.In July 2014, ULU was abolished by its parent institution, the University of London, and replaced by 'Student Central, London'. This offers full membership to University of London students, and associate membership to other university students, and other groups.Tottenham.On the Central line it is between Oxford Circus and Holborn, and on the Northern line it is between Leicester Square and Goodge Street. The station is located at St Giles Circus, the junction of Tottenham Court Road, Oxford Street, New Oxford Street and Charing Cross Road and is in Travelcard Zone 1..University of Westminster.Westminster is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the Association of MBAs, EFMD, the European University Association and Universities UK.West Cross Route
The West Cross Route (WCR) is a 0.75 miles (1.21 km)-long.
The WCR was formerly the M41 motorway. Its status was downgraded to an A-road in 2000 when responsibility for trunk roads in Greater London was transferred from the Highways Agency to the Greater London Authority. Approximately halfway along the road's length a new junction was built to serve the Westfield London shopping development. The WCR was originally the designation for the western section of Ringway 1, the innermost circuit of the London Ringways network, a complex and comprehensive plan for a network of high-speed roads circling central London designed to manage and control the flow of traffic within the capital. The road would have run from Battersea to Harlesden and would have paralleled the National Rail West London Line as an elevated road. Although the road no longer has motorway status, pedal cycles are prohibited by a sign at Holland Park roundabout.Westminster
Westminster is an area.
Historically the area lay within St Margaret's parish, City & 'East Minster' at Minories (Holy Trinity Priory, Aldgate) east of the City). The abbey was part of the royal palace that had been created here by Edward the Confessor. It has been the home of the permanent institutions of England's government continuously since about 1200 (High Middle Ages' Plantagenet times), and.
This page is based on a Wikipedia article written by authors
(here).
Text is available under the CC BY-SA 3.0 license; additional terms may apply.
Images, videos and audio are available under their respective licenses.New data released by the Bank of Portugal on January 2 suggests the country’s public debt increased €400m in November 2018, compared to the previous month, and reached a record €251.48bn.
Portugal’s central bank said that loans and debt emissions essentially contributed to the increase in the month.
However, Portugal’s public debt is expected to be lower in December. Portuguese Finance Minister Mario Centeno announced on December 10 that Portugal repaid remaining €4.7bn of loans to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after early repayments.
The minister also said the government maintains the objectives for 2018 and 2019 to reduce the debt-to-GDP ratio to 121.2% and 118.5%, respectively.
Portugal is expected to pay all the loans to IMF by 2024 after it signed a 78-billion-euro bailout agreement with the European Union, the IMF and the European Central Bank in May 2011.
In other related news, The Portugal News online reported that Portugal’s finance minister and head of the Eurogroup, was named Finance Minister of the Year in Europe by the international financial affairs magazine The Banker.
The British magazine said Centeno “can look at his first 12 months as head of Eurogroup with well-deserved satisfaction,” stressing success in negotiations for the Euro reform in December. The Banker classified Centeno as an “unusual choice” for the presidency of the informal group of finance ministers of the eurozone, as it is “the first president of the Eurogroup from southern Europe and the first from a rescued country”.A year in franchising: 2017
December 8th, 2017
A truly bumper year for Business Doctors, 2017 began with a franchise launch in Brighton and concluded across the Channel as the new Belgium office opened for business.
In total, 13 new UK franchisees started their businesses, staking out territories in areas including Lincolnshire, Oxford and South Yorkshire.
Overseas, Business Doctors Cyprus will open its doors in the New Year, with Luxembourg, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Oman, Lebanon, Jordan and Kuwait to follow.
Back in the UK, Business Doctors held its largest ever training course in November at St Helen's RFC Totally Wicked Stadium.
"With eight people to coach in our hands-on, jargon-free approach to SME growth support, the extra space and friendly hospitality was very welcome," said brand manager Lynne Rawlinson.
To support all this activity, three new faces started at Business Doctors' St Helens-based head office in 2017. Angela Connally joined the company as business services manager, after a decade with an American franchisor in Texas. New marketing executive Laura Frost brought her first class digital skills to team and Bailey Taylor joined as business services assistant.
The year also saw the introduction of a beefed up marketing support programme, in response to a request from franchisees.
"The hands-on digital marketing support franchisees enjoy for six months will now be continued indefinitely," said Lynne. "Our franchisees' success is our success and in an online age, we want to offer the very best support we can."
Pictured above, from left to right: Rod Davies (Founder) David Jeans (East Dorset) Adam Schallamach (Cotswolds) Oreste Maspes (Ealing) Nish Bhatt (Cyprus) Dillon Bhatt (Cyprus) Matt Levington (Founder) Front row Malar Bhatt (Cyprus) Catherine Faircloth (Cotswolds) Xenia Petrou-Vorkas (Cyprus).Welcome to the official blog for Healthcare: The Journal of Delivery Science and Innovation, a quarterly journal. The journal promotes
- Implementation and dissemination research
You can access the journal online here.
EDITORS
Sachin H. Jain, MD, MBA
Co-Editor-in-Chief at HealthCare
Sachin H. Jain, MD, MBA,.Adding Yeast To Homemade Wine: Dried vs. Rehydrating
Maybe you can answer a question that I have. When adding wine yeast to a juice or kit, do you need to place it in hot water as the directions say on the yeast package, or can you just sprinkle it onto the must? I noticed that some wine recipes call for the wine yeast to be placed in hot water first, and other recipes call for the yeast to be sprinkled on the top of the must. What is the best thing to do?
Eric L. – OH
—–
Hello Eric,
You are correct! There is some conflicting information running round when it comes to adding yeast to homemade wine. Almost all wine ingredient kit directions and wine recipes will say to sprinkle the dried wine yeast directly on top of the juice, but if you look at the packet of wine yeast itself, it will have directions that instruct you to put the yeast in warm water first. So, what should you do? How should you pitch the wine yeast?
Putting the wine yeast in warm water before adding it to a juice is a process called rehydration. What rehydration does is take a dried wine yeast and bring it back to an active state.
If you pitch the dried yeast directly into the wine must it will rehydrate and eventually start fermenting, anyway. So why do the yeast producers recommend this extra step before adding the yeast to the wine juice?
Why Rehydrate The Wine Yeast?
When a yeast cell rehydrates, its cell wall is swelling and gaining back its elasticity – its ability to flex and and be soft. This is a process that is prone to leaving a few cells damaged. In fact, a percentage of them don’t make it. But, by using plain water at an optimal temperature you are reducing the number of yeast cells that are being damaged during the rehydration process.
Why Sprinkle The Wine Yeast?
The reason wine ingredient kit producers, wine recipes, and even the directions on our website do not mention rehydrating before pitching the wine yeast is that many home winemakers – particularly beginners – do not perform the rehydration process correctly. Some tend to gloss over this procedure, not knowing its importance. This can cause more problems than if they had just added the dried yeast directly into the must.
As an example, the typical rehydration directions for adding yeast to a homemade wine goes something like this:
“Dissolve the dried yeast in 2 ozs. of warm water (100° – 105° F.). Let stand for 15 min. without stirring. After 15 min. stir and add to must.”
These are great directions and should be the directions you use with the yeast that came in this packet, that is, if you follow the directions, exactly. But if you don’t follow the directions, exactly, then things can start to go wrong – very wrong!
It is important to understand that at 100° – 105° F. a small portion of the yeast cells are dying every minute, and as the temperature goes up an even larger number die every minute..
A second complication is that it can take overnight or even a couple of days, for some, to discover that their wine is not fermenting or fermenting very sluggishly – much more so than if they’d just sprinkled the yeast onto the wine must in the first place. And this is a time that the wine is most susceptible to contamination and spoilage – before any alcohol has been made to help protect it. It needs an active fermentation to start up in a timely manner.
For this reason, wine kit producers elect to play it safe and advise that adding the yeast to your wine, that you sprinkle the dried yeast on top of the wine must. This is a much better option that having a first-time winemaker ruin their wine.
What Should You Do?
Regardless of what method you use for adding yeast to your homemade wine – sprinkle dried yeast on the must or rehydrate the yeast – some of the yeast cells will die before going into action. That’s just the way it is, but that’s okay. The number of yeast cells that are provided in each packet allow for this attrition. Just remember that if you do decide to rehydrate your wine yeast before pitching it, it is critical that you follow the directions closely with regards to temperature and time. If you’re not willing to go through the hassle, just sprinkle the yeast on the must.
Happy Wine Making,
Ed Kraus
————–
Ed Kraus is a 3rd generation home brewer/winemaker and has been an owner of E. C. Kraus since 1999. He has been helping individuals make better wine and beer for over 25 years.
I might also add that using water with chlorine (tap water) may add to the number of dying yeast cells. Purified water or RO water is better.
Regarding the addition of the yeast:
I have used the following procedure for years and it has never failed:
Add the yeast to 100 to 105 degree (no more, no less) bottled drinking water. Use about 2 cups of water. Do not stir. Wait 15 minutes. Pour 1 cup of the must into the water/yeast mix. Allow to sit for another 15 minutes. Give a gentle stir. Pour the rehydrated yeast on top of the must. Don’t stir.
If the temperature of your yeast is around 70 degrees you will see active fermentation within 24 hours. This works!
Logan
I use a multi-step process. I add the yeast packet to about 400cc of 85 to 90 degree water. I use a magnetic stirrer and start stirring immediately. In about a half an hour I add about 500cc of my must and use the magnetic stirrer for another half hour or so. I do monitor the temperature and I use a 100w electric light bulb placed near the stirring solution to keep the must at about 100 degrees. I add the solution back into my primary and I usually have an active fermentation within 3 to 6 hours. I have never had a fermentation fail to start and work completely. The magnetic stirrer is a great and useful addition to the winemakers toolkit. I have a six position one, so I can start six different wines at the same time. It is also handy for mixing small batches of sterilizing solution, campden solution, etc. Magnetic stirrers are easily found used on eBay and the number of stations (from 1 to 6) generally determines the price.
I use 8 to 10 ozs of my wine and mic to a warm finger touch in a cup or jar and then add my wine yeast and cover with a clean cloth and within 15 minutes you can see the fermentation beginning. I have used this procedure for over the last 20 years and so far have not lost any wine due to lack of fermentation.
What if you didnt follow the steps exactly? Can I sprinkle more yeast on top if fermentation never starts?
Liz, yes you can absolutely sprinkle another packet of yeast on top. If you still do not have any fermentation activity, there may be something else going on. I would take a look at the article posted below on the most common causes of fermentation failure.
Top Ten Reasons For Fermentation Failure
Also, on the packet of yeast it says to keep refrigerated, but it comes inside the wine kit. Is this bad for the wine or okay?
Author, the yeast is fine when not refrigerated as long as it is used within one year. Keeping it in the refrigerator will keep it good for about 2 years.
Should the juice be the same temperature as the 15 minute hydrated yeast or colder?
Penny, wine yeast likes to ferment between 70-75 degrees, that is the temperature your juice should be.
Just would like to add a few things from my own experience.
1) if you keep your yeast refrigerated, please take it out and allow your pack
to be at room temperature before re-hydration
2) it is recommended to use 105F warm water for re-hydration. You have risk to
lose 50% of your cells if your must has different temperature. The difference in temperature
will shock and kill your yeast.
How to avoid this and make re-hydration effective:
Your body has temperature 36.6C. Trust your body. Put your finger into water you use for
Re-hydration. If you fill warm, it means your water is higher in temp than 36.6C
To prevent yeast from shock your finger must fill no difference in temperature of must
To re-hydrate your yeast without losing part of it, give em some food right away.
Add some must into your re-hydration while waiting for 15 min recommended.
After you see foam on top about half inch, pour your yeast into must,
Do it very gently to make sure your re-hydrated yeast all on surface. Do not steer for at least one
hour after that steer gently. Just remember your yeast are live creatures, it is very easy
To kill those creatures if you do not know how to feed themA Tuesday report on the conservative Fox News television channel claimed that Washington was preparing to bomb Iran within the next eight to nine months because of Germany's refusal to support additional sanctions against the Iranian regime over its nuclear program.
German officials were quoted recently as saying that Berlin wants ongoing diplomatic initiatives to succeed before applying any more sanctions against the Islamic Republic.
However, McCormack said suggestions that Germany was less than fully committed to a tougher sanctions regime were spurious.
"In the recent meeting of the P-5 plus one [permanent Security Council members plus Germany] at the expert level, Germany once again reiterated the fact that it is fully supportive of a new UN resolution, with sanctions, and we are all on the same page in terms of substance as well as timing," he said.
He said the U.S. remains hopeful that progress toward a new resolution will be made at next week's meeting of the P-5, which will be held in Washington September 21, and that the U.S. will continue to rely on strictly diplomatic measures to affect a breakthrough in its dispute with Tehran.
"We are still committed to a diplomatic solution that has many fronts," he said. "One of those fronts is working with the UN, working through the Security Council, and coming up with a new sanctions resolution."
At the heart of the standoff is Iran's pursuit of uranium enrichment, which the West suspects is aimed at developing a nuclear weapon. However, Iran insists its program is peaceful and a sovereign right as a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Recently, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad boasted that the country had reached a milestone with the launch of some 3,000 centrifuges for uranium enrichment, thereby achieving "industrial scale" production and paving the way for a fully self-sufficient nuclear power industry.
All comments
Show new comments (0)Home > Texas B&Bs > Granbury Bed and Breakfast Inns
Granbury Bed and Breakfast Inns
Bed and breakfast inns near Granbury
Bed and breakfast inns near Granbury
Granbury Bed and Breakfast InnsGranbury bed and breakfast travel guide for romantic, historic and adventure b&b's. Browse through the iLoveInns.com database of Granbury, Texas bed and breakfasts and country inns to find detailed listings that include room rates, special deals and area activities. You can click on the 'check rates and availability' button to contact the innkeeper.
Granbury is the jewel of the Brazos, nestled southwest of the Dallas Fort-Worth area in the Brazos River Valley. The city comprises plush golf communities, a thriving wine scene and the picturesque Lake Granbury, a 30-mile-long recreational haven. Fitting with the city's slogan, By Iron Horse Inn.
Granbury, TX is in the heart of the Brazos River Valley alongside Lake Granbury, an unexpected jewel. Stroll through the charming Victorian downtown Granbury Square as you search for treasures in more than 40 unique shops and boutiques. Play a round of golf, take a cruise aboard the Star of Lake Granbury, or try watersports on the lake. Enjoy professional, family musical entertainment at Granbury Live. Broadway-style musicals in the 1886 ambiance of the historic Granbury Opera House will delight. Fine dining, wine tasting, art displays and historical sites add to your Granbury, Texas experience. By Baker St. Harbour<<Stolen 911 has created this Custom Google Search to find your stolen property on Craigslist. Type in the make and model of your stolen property into the search bar. The search checks all Craigslist Ads to see if anyone is selling something similar to your stolen stuff. All Craigslist sites are searched, not just the one in your local area. Enter your item just like if you were looking to purchase it. Watch the short video below to learn more…
Enter your Stolen Property in the search bar below:
Example: To find my stolen Canon camera, I would enter: Canon 7D
Give it a try. Thieves will attempt to sell stolen property in other areas to avoid being caught by the original owners.With a spectrum analyzer pointed skyward, Stephen Scott, a patient, self-described radio-frequency geek, tested for electromagnetic fields in the basement of an apartment building in downtown Oakland. He drew a wand-like instrument and directed it toward a small circular box affixed to a wall. He said he was measuring the strength of the radio frequency signals he caught on the spectrum analyzer. He directed the wand toward the appliance in question and laughed in quiet disbelief.
"I just got a big spike," he said. The wand's meter measures signals ranging in intensity from a weak green to a strong red with yellow and orange levels in between. For a split second, the lights shot into the red.
Scott is a remediation specialist for EMF Services, a company that surveys living and work environments for potentially harmful radiation. He was testing an electric SmartMeter recently installed by PG&E...
Showing 1-16 of 16What you really don’t want your PC display looking like!
When I switched on my PC this afternoon having returning home from a meeting at the SEC Synod Office, my screen showed bands of vertical lines across it (see image above). It looked as though Firefox was in prison!
I rebooted and got the same problem. I uninstalled my graphics card drivers. Nothing changed, same problem. It was only as I was booting again that I realised that the problem wasn’t just limited to Windows, I was experiencing this graphical ‘infection’ on the bootup splash screen, the POST (Power-On Startup Test), and in the BIOS. Darn! My graphics card is dying.
I had an ATi Radeon 9800 Pro 128 MB graphics card. A lovely piece of kit, fast enough for what I needed it to do which is mostly office tasks, some graphics work, watch DVDs, and play a few games (Battlefield 2 being the most demanding application).
When I opened up the PC I discovered that for some (unknown and bizarre) reason an elastic band had welded itself to the chips on the back of the graphics card’s PCB. I cleared off the remnants of the elastic band and reseated the card on the motherboard. The image was a little better, but still very bad.
Darn! I think I’ve melted some of the diodes on the graphics card! Solution: buy a replacement card. A quick trip to PC World — and telephone call to Jane, who was stuck in a traffic queue somewhere south-west of Stirling — later I now have my PC back up and running with a Sapphire ATi Radeon X700 256 MB graphics card.
My PC undergoing open-heart surgery. The old Radeon 9800 is lying on the case, the new Radeon X700 is already installed.
Everything is now back up and running, having installed the latest drivers (Catalyst 5.10). Although, I suspect that I’ll still have to reinstall Windows in the next couple of days to sort a reincurring soundcard problem. There’s always something…!The Telecommunication Services sector has been shrinking; its share of the S&P 500 Index’s market value is just 2%, down from near 10% in 1989, and now includes only three companies. Telecom companies have been merging with media and internet firms in an attempt to diversify their exposure to the cellphone and internet industries.
To reflect these broad changes, the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) will undergo its biggest shift ever when the Telecommunication Services sector is revamped into a new Communication Services sector at the end of September to better reflect changing communication methods.
What Changes
The new Communication Services sector will include the existing Telecommunication Services companies (e.g., AT&T, Verizon). It will also include media companies from Consumer Discretionary (e.g., Comcast), select Retail companies within Consumer Discretionary (e.g., Netflix), and Internet Services companies within Information Technology (e.g., Alphabet and Facebook). E-commerce companies such as eBay will move from Information Technology to Consumer Discretionary.
(Estimated reading time: 2 min 59 sec)
Within the S&P 500 Index, 17 stocks from Consumer Discretionary and seven stocks from Information Technology (IT) are moving to Communication Services. This change takes effect Friday, September 28, 2018, after close of business (ET).
According to State Street Global Advisors, this is the biggest shift in sector structure in GICS history, representing:
The change will also affect the performance impact of stocks that remain within the IT sector. As a result of the shift of certain stocks to the Communication sector, stocks that remain in the IT sector will have a greater impact on the sector’s performance, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. If this change had happened in July 2017, the strong performance of Apple and Microsoft, and their larger share of the IT sector, would have increased the return of the sector to 33.3% for the one year ending July 31, 2018, the index provider calculated, compared to its actual gain of 28.5%.
New Sector’s Market Profile
Filled with high-dividend paying, bond-proxy stocks, the Telecommunication Services sector historically fell under the value style bucket. However, the profile of the new Communication Services sector will be more growth-oriented after the addition of stocks from the Consumer Discretionary and Information Technology sectors.
The new sector will also be more sensitive to the broader equity markets, SSGA research indicates. For the S&P 500 Index, the beta changes from 0.52 for the Telecommunication Services sector to 1.03 for the Communication Services sector. Dividend yield is over 5% for Telecom while less than 2% for Communication. Within the MSCI World Index, the Telecom sector was classified as defensive with a beta of 0.88; the Communication sector will be classified as cyclical with a beta of 0.99.
The Communication Services sector will be the “youngest” of the GICS sectors, measured by the date of the initial public offerings of its constituent companies, according to S&P Dow Jones. Approximately 60% of the sector’s market value will have less than 20 years of return performance data, the index provider notes, making analysis of the sector challenging.
Impact on Investors
Investors with exposure to sector funds may need to reevaluate their allocations. Owners of Technology and Consumer Discretionary index funds could experience taxable events. Passively managed Tech funds will not be able to own three of the five FAANG stocks; Facebook, Netflix, and Alphabet/Google belong to the new Communication Services sector. Active manager sector exposures may shift; overweights to the Tech and Consumer Discretionary sectors may decline while an overweight to Communication may emerge.
Some sector ETF providers started preparing for the changes early. To avoid having to make large trades when the changes go into effect, Vanguard has pegged its Technology, Telecommunication, and Consumer Discretionary sector ETFs to temporary benchmarks, adjusting gradually over four months. And its recently relabeled Communication Services fund already includes small investments in Alphabet and Facebook, according to Reuters.Frequently Asked Questions
Location
The Fancy Cake Box is a home based cake studio located in Au Sable Forks, New York
Custom Cakes
Structured Cakes & 3D Cakes
Ingredients
I use only the finest and freshest ingredients;
buttermilk, heavy cream, sweet cream butter, gourmet Valrhona, Callebaut or Guittard chocolate, fresh fruit and Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla.
No shortening is ever used in my butter creams, only sweet cream butter.
Yes my prices may be higher than those box stores out there & yes you can taste the difference!
As the saying goes...
Cheap cake isn’t good, good cake isn’t cheap!
I make my own fondant, ganache, modeling chocolate, salted caramel and fruit compotes to flavor my cakes and buttercreams.
Consultations & Tastings
Please bring to your consultation / tasting appointment: Your ideas, pictures, color swatches and appetite! We will get a feel for the special event you want to create and share in some sweet cake! You will go home with the remainder of two 4" cakes.
The Consultation Process
Call and make an appointment for your 1 hour consultation & tasting
Browse through my cake, frosting and filling flavors. Pick 2 cake flavors and 2 buttercream or fillings you would like to taste.
Remember to bring your ideas to the consultation!
To reserve your event date & start the design process, a 50% non-refundable retainer is required.
A contract will be mailed or emailed to you with all the agreed upon decisions. Please sign one copy and send back to me.
On the day of your event I will deliver and set up your cake. Any last minute details will be done at that time.
Destination Weddings
All plans can be made quickly over the internet.
I have planned many occasions this way and it works!
Servings
Most of my cakes are taller than the standard industry guidelines,
usually between 5” to 6” dependent on the cake design.
Serving Guidelines for My Cakes
6” round 14 servings
8” round 24 servings
10” round 38 servings
12” round 53 servings
15” round 83 servings
Payment
a 50% non-refundable retainer will be due.
Celebration Cakes
Full payment is due 2 weeks (14 days) before the scheduled pickup date.
Wedding Cakes
Final payment is due 3 weeks (21 days) before the wedding date.
If you book within a 21 day period, full payment is due at that time.
Bookings are on a first come, first paid basis.
All dates are considered open until the signed contract
& 50% non-refundable retainer have been received.
Delivery
Available upon request for a predetermined fee.
Please inquire for a delivery quote.
Pick-Up
Pick up times for cakes smaller than 3 tiers are scheduled at the time the order is placed.
Once a cake has been picked up by you or a designated party, it is considered “accepted”.
The cake is the responsibility of the customer once it leaves my cake studio.
Customer Satisfaction
I take great pride & pleasure in Making Your Cake Dreams Come True with delicious tasting art.
Creating a joyful memory for you & your loved ones is priceless! from the aspects of working your business, whether tiny aspect like managing the trash or major aspect like dealing with projects. In case you own a huge business you are about generate huge tons of trash which makes a cat upon hot brick when you have 15 other things for the plate.
You might want to replace of which broken home or every one of the old gates in your home. The particular baseboards should replaced too. The carpets in your traditional home may require replacing in addition to some of the solid wood floors. By using these a big venture you know that you need to rent a dumpster.
Finally, the construction staff can wear the finish touches of your respective new base board and creating throughout the entire house. Your property is going to appear to be a showplace when everything is completed. Not only is your new family room and home lovely, but it is neat and very comfortable for you you. You have made ones dreams become a in the home you intend to live in.
Finding a dumpster service to help you to clean out of which big, aged garage packed with who-knows-what is a good idea. Even though many people do not understand it, you ought not use a traditional garage pick-up as a way to take away the debris and old objects you've kept in this living space. You may deal with fines or limitations depending on what you possess included in the idea. Rather, it is just a good idea to rent a company to drop off dumpsters for the home so as to work through the particular mess as you have to and toss aside what you need to along the way. There are a number of benefits to carrying this out.
Reduction of squander production though one of the best methods to get accomplishment, this can not be always probable, solid squander generation gets inevitable in certain projects such as construction, home renovation, lawn clean up and commercial fingertips. This trash has to be got rid of effectively in order to reduce affect of air pollution on the setting. Dumpster rental is the best and affordable replacement for dispose the trash in environment friendly way. These 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland, GA businesses at National Samoa will reuse all the eligible trash in environmental welcoming manner minimizing the space filled by the trash in the rubbish dumps. All your trash will be cleaned up from lightning speed cost effectively along with 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland, GA in National Samoa, so trash bin rental represents a key function in reducing the effects of air pollution on the setting, hence gets inevitable within the Island such as American Samoa to be able to preserve the particular ecological harmony of the Tropical isle.
On realization the project you will find a very clear snapshot about the type of waste got rid of into the dumpster therefore, check with the vendor if they are about to accept the type of trash got rid of by you since some businesses restrict on their own to eco friendly trash.
Renting some sort of dumpster service for ones trash fingertips is the proper way to get rid of unwanted items. Some companies offer a buyer the simple choice of coming to your own home and having your trash away. Although this is a convenient solution, many desire a variety of choices to choose from. Non commercial 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland, GAs offer not only this aspect to their customers, but also add some wonderful attribute of providing you your own personal dumpster in order that one can get rid of their surplus trash in their own velocity.
A number of factors that are to be considered whilst going for Dumpster rental that best fits in your requires. The first factor that knocks increase your brain is sized the dumpster. There are wide stages of dimensions in the dumpsters including 10 yard dumpster to be able to 40 property dumpster serving your preferences. A professional 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland supplier would give which you right option based on your requirements. The 10 property dumpster would be a great amount product should you be looking out demolishing a part of your own home.
If you are looking for your residence cleanup or perhaps yard clean-up or industrial cleanup or perhaps construction clean-up and are struggle to meet present 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland prices, the growing season of Christmas day is the right time simply because 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland companies create huge discounts and coupons on their spin off and trash dumpsters. You could expect quality assistance at most affordable prices. You can now match your dream associated with seeing a and also tidy property at a cost of which clears several bucks from your bank account. These presents are available for confined period of time, therefore avail the offer before the item runs out of pack.
If you live in a tight location, make sure that you allow the next day dumpster organization know beforehand. Some dumpster organizations will not be able to allow for you as opposed to others get smaller pickups that can quickly deliver the dumpster in your case.
Most rent some sort of dumpster companies don't let anything in addition to solid squander to be put into their items. This means that things such as pcs, paint, acrylic, televisions and varnish are not ideal for disposal in just a roll away dumpster. Always check using potential dumpster depots just what their policies are regarding squander types with regards to bins.
Do you own a modern property that was built-in the 80s? If so, you may be thinking it is time to get more modern property. After all, since the eighties "modern" made a great progress way.
Nowadays there are many companies giving garbage packing containers and disposal bins upon rent and you can use this competition. Nokia's are spread across many parts and metropolitan areas and you must select the local one with regards to and your ease.
Environmental pollution with Alaska has developed into pressing issue in the recent times. Inhabitants of the state are drastically affected by unsafe diseases similar to cancer. Environmental pollution is the major reason behind these kind of ill effects. Scientific studies reveal that the actual prevalence with the terrifying illness in the state is due to use of contaminated h2o by the people. The water in the state is actually contaminated on account of improper disposal of squander.
If you have a lot of trash you might like to consider a 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland assistance. That is appropriate, you can rent a full dumpster to have most to oneself. They make these kind of dumpsters in all different sizes you meet up with all different requires. You can get some that are modest for personal use and several that are definitely big intended for business use.
By looking at the above informative tips, it is best to easily find an outstanding company to be able to rent next day dumpsters for ones construction small business.
Just like many others you also might find this task the one which toddler do. In case you are one of they then to produce your life easier there are several companies presenting 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland, GA and garbage bin rental solutions.
The average price of a 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland, GA is around $500. The maximum price is generally around $1,200, during the low conclusion, it could play $100. Local, home owner projects will probably need a dumpster across the $500 size, whilst larger manufacturing companies will more than likely need the higher priced model. You will most probably want to phone around to many companies to obtain price rates before you make one further selections. Many organisations will also have various sizes they can supply you with as well, depending on your needs. For anyone who is unsure how big you will need, notify the company and they can help you narrow down your options for the size you need.
It is a good option to use a 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland, GA organization if you aren't thinking of a long-term dependence on a rubbish container. Probably the most likely situation for desiring this company is when you are in fact performing a few do-it-yourself home upgrade.
The big day time has come. You've got planned, you may have mapped out and about exactly what is going to proceed, and it's lastly time to put your plans for doing things. It's time to take away the programs, roll up your own sleeves, grab your sledgehammer, and have to work upgrading your house. It's a good thing you will be fairly convenient with tools because you've elected to do this upgrade all yourself. You're confident you haven't overlooked anything, then again you realize that you may have failed to are the reason for all the rubbish along with garbage from the destruction cycle of the upgrade.
You surely have better adventures like the house decoration, preparing food, inviting friends over along with planning out the thrill activities pertaining to guests. After and before you are accomplished, you can be eventually left will little or large heaps of rubbish. Now you aren't required to worry about the item. There are companies which provide you with fast and disposal container and dumpster upon rent to make your work much easier.
You can find number of 6 Yard Dumpster in Cleveland, GA companies in the market who are able to help you in that regard. This is actually the most affordable strategy for wiping out huge tons of cumulated trash inside the shortest time period possible. Dumpster rental companies spread across the market is going to be equipped with wide verities of dumpsters to match your unique needs, but a new roll off dumpster will be a best option to get rid the trash upon community cleanup.
The type of rubbish that you'll be throwing within will also determine the rental organization you use. If the material you want to throw out is hazardous, you must make sure the organization can get rid it the right way.
Some community regulations are very strict regarding any large amounts, and sometimes even a small amount, of all kinds of fabric and the shedding same. Once you rent a dumpster from the professional along with vetted organization and one with great recommendations, or a organization who can decide to rent a dumpster available for you, then you can help save a lot of stress and time and that treasured budget, more than renting dumpsters yourself. Dumpsters usually are delivered to your local area, placed in places you want, after that picked up while full.
Please use the form below to contact us. We look forward to working with you and will get back to you as soon as possible. All fields are requiredTOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--MetLife Japan today announced CUBE Content Governance Global Limited (CUBE) and Knowtions Research, Inc. (Knowtions) as the winners of its open innovation program in Japan, and Knowtions were among six finalists chosen from 140 applicants across 40 countries to pitch their solutions to a panel of senior MetLife executives at a ‘Demo Day’ in Tokyo on Thursday. CUBE is a UK-based start-up that has created an automated regulatory intelligence platform that monitors, analyzes and alerts companies to regulatory changes. Canada-based Knowtions unlocks messy health data to surface predictive insights for health insurers globally.
, including one in 2017 which saw MetLife Japan select three innovative companies as the winners: Montoux, WorkFusion, and Japan-based Moneytree.
Since its inception in 2016, collab has attracted 538 applications from more than 60 countries and MetLife has awarded US$700,000 worth of contracts through the program which have gone into developing practical solutions in areas like customer engagement, sales, and operations.
For more information on collab 4.0, Japan started operations in 1973 as the first foreign life insurance company in Japan and currently operates as a Japanese corporation and an affiliate of MetLife, Inc., a leading global financial services company that aims to help people become more self-reliant and able to pursue more from life. MetLife Japan provides a broad, innovative range of products through diverse distribution channels to individual and institutional customers.
For more information, visit
About LumenLab
As MetLife’s pioneers for disruptive innovation in Asia,
1 This amount equates to approx. US$89,555 based on the FX rate as at Aug. 3, 2018Gold Coast Suns Wozza Beanie
- SKU : BE31GC
- Write a review
- Add to wishlist Added to Wishlist
Keep your head in the game regardless of the cold weather with this Gold Coast Suns Wozza Beanie. Utilising an acrylic knit construction, this beanie features a streamlined design to let your AFL team pride shine through. With a stretch fit to cater for teens and adults, the beanie is complete with an embroidered logo on the turnover and team colour theme, making this beanie the perfect choice for passionate fans pledging their loyalty.Visiting Illustrator Shadra Strickland
Hollins University 7916 Williamson Road , Roanoke, Virginia 24019
Sh, <em>Bird</em>, written by Zetta Elliott. Strickland co-illustrated <em>Our Children Can Soar</em>, winner of a 2010 NAACP Image Award. <em>Sunday Shopping</em>, published with Lee and Low Books, was a Junior Library Guild Selection. Her newest book is <em>Loving vs. Virginia</em>, written by Patricia Hruby Powell, and she has also illustrated for Pulitzer Prize winning author Toni Morrison. Sponsored by the graduate program in children's literature and children's book illustration.:
Fieldwork: Much excavation in the County is carried out by professional contractors, but the Society wishes to encourage local groups to remain active. It makes grants and organises lectures and training. In particular, it organises training excavations. See below for publications.
Historic buildings: The committee also organises an annual Building Recorders’ Conference. The Society’s Churches Committee promotes the study of churches.
Publications: The annual journal Archaeologia Cantiana is free to members. It contains about 300 pages of papers about most aspects of the County’s history and archaeology, with many illustrations and tables. Members also receive a Newsletter two times a year. Records are published occasionally online. Excavation reports and other subjects are also published. All publications maintain a high academic standard.
Education: A committee promotes the study of archaeology in schools and the interest of young people in the subject. Currently most of this work is being done in conjunction with the Canterbury Archaeological Trust’s education service, but it is also looking at projects in other parts of the County.
Library and Archive: The Society has a room at Maidstone Museum from which members and non-members may access our archvial and library collection. Other archival material belonging to the KAS is deposited at the Kent History and Library Centre.
Lectures, conferences & excursions: A series of lectures is provided from Autumn to Spring (see Diary of Events). Other lectures and conferences are organised from time to time. There is a programme of visits organised by the Churches committee.
Grants: Most of the Society’s funds are committed to its own projects. Apart from special grants, it has the following grant programmes:
Fieldwork grants: These are made in about December and the amounts are usually under £500. Applications have to be made on a form obtainable from the Hon. General Secretary and must be submitted by the end of October.
Allen Grove Local History Fund: This is a special fund established by the will of the late Allen Grove which is administered by the Society. It makes grants for projects which promote research, preservation and/or enjoyment of local history which may be made to individuals or groups. The grants are usually under £500 each. Applications must be received by the Hon. General Secretary by 31 March on a form that can be downloaded from the website.
Kent History Fund: makes grants to assist serious research leading to publication. Applications may be made by members of this society, local history societies affiliated to this society or to the Kent History Federation (KHF), and from individuals who are members of either. Professional historians or post graduate students are not eligible. Applications should be made to the secretary of the Publications Committee on a form he will provide.
Activities for members: Members have opportunities to meet for study and socially. There is a series of lectures in the winter/spring, occasional day or half day conferences, excursions and social events. See the Diary of Events.Following an increase in stock-to-use levels in 2016/17, and given USDA projections for total use to decline 1.5 percent in 2017/18, the fundamentals driving the corn market at this point in the growing season are weather-driven supply expectations, more commonly known as mother nature.
Adverse changes in temperature or precipitation would indicate a shorter crop than projected, while favorable weather would point toward another bumper crop. The former is more likely. USDA is currently projecting for corn yields to drop 2 percent in 2017/18 to 170.7 bushels per acre.
Weather expectations drove new-crop corn prices to contract highs of $4.16 per bushel in early July. Following the June Acreage report and July World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates report, more favorable temperatures and precipitation led to prices falling toward $3.90 per bushel. Put simply, the market is trading on the weather premium.
Weather Driving Corn Prices
While day-to-day changes in the weather are leading to more variability in corn prices, there is growing sentiment in the industry that the drought in the High Plains and the excessive rainfall experienced during planting and early in the growing season will ultimately lead to corn yields below USDA’s current projection of 170.7 bushels per acre. Some in the trade are even anticipating a corn yield this year at or below the linear trend of 166.8 bushels per acre.
Consider the following industry forecasts: Informa Economics recently updated their corn production forecast to 13.9 billion bushels, below USDA’s estimate of 14.3 billion bushels, with an average yield of 166.2 bushels per acre. GRO-intelligence recently revised their yield projections from 164.2 to 160 bushels per acre. Prior to the July 12 World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates, the average trade estimate was for a corn yield of 166.8 to 170.7 bushels per acre. Finally, based on an informal online survey conducted by AFBF’s Market Intel, 69 percent of survey respondents estimated a final corn yield below 165 bushels per acre and 31 percent were above.
Based on current crop conditions alone, there’s little question the 2017/18 corn yield will fall short of the record yield of 2016/17. USDA’s July 24, 2017, Crop Progress report indicated that 62 percent of the corn crop was in good-to-excellent condition, 14 percent below last year, Figure 1.
As a percentage of 2016’s corn production volume, 87 percent of the corn production area is in poorer conditions than last year. Additionally, 69 percent of the corn production area has crop conditions that are at least 10 percent worse than last year. The High Plains and “I-states” represented nearly 50 percent of U.S. corn production in 2016 and have crop conditions ranging from -19 to -34 percentage points below last year. Thus, 2017 yields are likely to turn toward -- or go below – the trend.
Uncertainty Remains
The impact on corn production, given expectations for harvested acres of 83.5 million acres, varies depending on yield expectations. A short crop could potentially pull down ending stocks. For every one bushel decline in crop yields, total production declines by 83.5 million bushels – holding harvested area constant. Thus, an average crop yield of 166 bushels per acre, relative to USDA’s projection of 170.7 bushels per acre, could result in a 500 million bushel decline in ending stocks given USDA’s projections of harvested area, consumption and beginning stocks.
However, the natural hedge comes in to play with lower crop yields. The natural hedge is the regional yield-price relationship that works to offset yield losses with higher prices -- thereby helping to smooth farm revenue across marketing years. If national average yields decline, national average prices are very likely to increase. Using empirical data as a guide, the likely consumption category impacted by higher corn prices is exports – feed and residual use and ethanol are less impacted. Reduced exports in the face of higher corn prices would reduce consumption and could potentially offset the impact of lower crop yields on carryout stocks. A substantial yield shock may be needed to significantly reduce ending stocks.
During the droughts of 1998 and 2012, corn yields were observed 28 percent and 22 percent below the linear trend, respectively. The flood of 1993 saw yields 18 percent below trend, but those growing conditions differ from 2017.
Crop conditions at this point in the growing season raise concerns for crop yields. However, 2017 is not 2012, nor 1988. Currently, the crop in good-to-excellent conditions is at 62 percent and is well above the conditions observed during the drought years of 1988 and 2012 at 20 percent and 26 percent, respectively, as of week 29, Figure 2.
A 20 percent decline in yields below trend, i.e. 134 bushels per acre, seems unlikely at this point. A less substantial yield shock is more likely in 2017 given current crop conditions. For example, a 5 percent yield shock below a linear trend would result in an average U.S. crop yield of 159 bushels per acre and would represent a billion bushel decline in production relative to current projections.
Implications
USDA’s weather-adjusted trend yield model indicates that the elasticity in corn yields is more sensitive to July weather than May planting progress. July temperatures above the average level of 74 degrees negatively impact corn yields, while July rainfall above 3.9 inches generally increases yields (although the relationship is non-linear).
While weather concerns remain, keep in mind that the key pollination period continues through the end of July. For late-planted corn, the pollination period may extend into August. Rains or cooler temperatures in the coming days could quickly change these expectations and would drive prices lower. For soybeans, the key periods of the growing season continue through August, but similar yield concerns are present.
John Newton, Ph.D.
Chief Economist
(202) 406-3729
jnewton@fb.orgDescription
Highly configurable commercial/public multi-head unit. Payment system does not require use of proprietary network.
Features
- Compliance: Pending NRTL (UL standard) / NEC
- Mounting: Tower, wall (cube configuration)
- Input: 208-240v 2-pole, up to 100 Amp
- Output: Up to three ( L1/L2 combination or two L2); 240v 30 Amp per receptacle
- Backlit outlets for nighttime visibility
- High-quality, durable brushed stainless steel; weather and tamper resistant
- “Phone home” with critical maintenance and error information to station owner
Options
- Web-based monitoring/reporting system – detailed information about usage, access times, energy consumed and billing
- SMS Text or email alerts: Charge complete status, station status and unauthorized disconnect
- 8” color, interactive touch screen
- Wireless, cellular and Ethernet communication
- Payment system—Industrial outdoor card reader accepting all major credit/debit cards and/or proprietary cards (e.g. –fleet, student or employee card)
- Automatic evening globe illumination
Lead time: 3-6 weeks from PO for items not in inventory, starting Q3, 2010
Specs
- Plug Type: SAE J-1772
- Charger Level: 2
- Residential or Commercial: Commercial
- Max Amps: 30
- UL Listed: not listed
- kWh Charging Speed: 7.2
- Links: Retailer Listing, Company Homepage, Product Sheet
- Estimated Hardware Price: $3900A contractor with a major municipality came to us to develop a risk analysis for the city’s wastewater network. We worked with the contractor to further define the city’s needs; It needed a risk optimized operations and management plan for their pipe network.
We created an intuitive, web-based interface and visualization of the pipe condition data. The tool featured a tuneable, multi-dimensional risk assessment that included factors like proximity to critical infrastructure, sensitive environmental areas, and condition observations.Blackthorn GRC Limited
FOI (Freedom of Information) Case Management
Our Requests Management Tool helps organisations manage requests from external parties, track their progress, and report on outcomes. The system caters for a range of Requests including Freedom of Information and GDPR Requests. UK hosted up to IL3/OFFICIAL.
Features
- Built on core modules
- Easily extendable and customisable
- Intuitive, clear user interface with user configured reports and dashboards
- Drill-down; detail accessible but not at expense of clarity
- Workflow to ensure request are handled methodical
- Sophisticate RBAC to ensure secure partitioning of information
- Full Audit Trail
- Abilty for external parties to add requests themselves
- Secure Email Integration
Benefits
- Optimised time management with workflow, task assignment and user alerting
- Reduction in keying information
- Prioritisation of request about to breach compliance deadlines
- Full audit trail ensuring users fully accountable for their actions
- Secure storage of data with channel encryption on remote links
- Clean, intuitive user interface reducing any training requirements
- Wide range of supported platforms e.g. tablet, laptop, desktop
- Automatic removal of PI after retention period
£45 to £65 per licence
- Free trial available
Service documents
Framework
G-Cloud 10
Service ID
116959592943949
Blackthorn GRC Limited
Nigel Adcock
02081237989
nigel.adcock@blackthorn.comGANGA WEEKEND (2 DAYS)
RISHIKESH, UTTARAKHAND
2019 Trip Dates: April 6-7, April 13-14, April 20-21; Sept 21-22, Oct 19-20; Nov 2-3, Nov 9-10 OR contact us to schedule your own trip! (min 4 people)
Cost: Rs 14,000/person
Season: Sept 15-June 30.
Day 01: Rishikesh - Devprayag - Waterfall Camp
Day 02: Waterfall Camp - RishikeshProject information
The Gold Run
Pallant House Gallery (Outside In), Glyndebourne and Carousel will collaborate to create a new performance work entitled 'Gold Run'; an ambitious multi-media event that will be devised and creatively led by learning disabled and marginalised artists running from Autumn 2010 to Spring 2012.
December 2010 - September 2013
Charity information: Pallant House Gallery
- Need
Need
Outside In strives to offer opportunity to the many artists with health, disability or other social circumstances who are marginalised and culturally excluded from their communities. In 2009 Outside In held and open art competition to provide a platform for the work of marginalised artists to be seen in a prestigious arts venue. Over 500 artists registered for the project submitting 800 entries. The evaluation evidenced the profound effect the project had on the artists and their families.
Solution
The Gold Run aims to create a multi platform art work that showcases the artistic work of learning disabled young people and marginalised artists as well as supporting young people to participate in high quality arts activity. Pallant House Gallery will identify and facilitate marginalised artists to provide the visual element of the project who will be mentored to create an installation to be displayed in London during the Paralympic Games in 2012
- Aims
Aim 1
Commission designs for sets and costumes and create an art installation from a marginalised artist.
Activities» Recruit a marginalised artist to be mentored by an established artist
» Through a series of 10 workshops create the stage set and props for Gold Run
What success will look like
Success will be the recruiting of a marginalised artist and empowering them to be consulted with and involved in the entire creative process.
Aim 2
To create an installation in London during the Paralympics and tour UK during 2013
Activities» Using the stage set the marginalised artists will produce a site specific installation
What success will look like
Success will be offering the platform to marginalised artists for thousands of people to see their installation in 2012 and touring during 2013.
- Impact
Impact
By valuing and respecting the creativity of marginalised artists, Gold Run will break down the barriers that exist in the art world. It is a
significant opportunity to change people's attitudes and give marginalised artists a national platform to showcase their work. Success will come from the confidence gained from this unique opportunity and bring these artists into the mainstream art world having addressed some of the cultural barriers that currently exclude them.
Risk
There is always the risk that an artist could withdraw from the project but having forged links with many marginalised artists and groups over the past few years with 'Outside In' we have a bank of people to draw on. We will continually recognise and support the artists at every stage for them to have a degree of control over their creative lives.
Reporting
Latest information and news will be uploaded onto the Pallant House Gallery and Outside In websites on a regular basis. Monthly emails will be sent and donors will be invited to meet the artists at any time to discuss the project, see work in progress and attend meetings.
- Budget
Budget - Project Cost: £50,000Loading graph....
- Background
Location
The final Gold Run piece will be performed live in three prestigious venues in the South East, including the main stage at Glyndebourne, at CGP Dilston Grove during the Paralympics, an arts venue just outside the Olympic Village, and Pallant House Gallery. Following the live performances the work will be transformed into a digital installation, Gold Run:Re-Mix, which will tour as part of Outside In.
Beneficiaries
Outside In offers opportunity to marginalised artists. In 2009, five hundred artists submitted work to the Outside In open competition. Of these artists roughly a third were learning disabled artists, a third were artists with mental health issues and the other third consisted of artists with disabilities, prisoners, the homeless and substance misuse.
Nearly 30,000 people saw Outside In 2009 providing a national platform for work by marginalised artists to be seen.
- Why Us?
Why Us?
The Community Programme at Pallant House Gallery is recognised as an exemplar of best practice and innovation. Outside In was initiated in 2007 as an art competition for marginalised artists. The second exhibition in 2009 won national acclaim and had 800 entries from 500 artists. With this database, experience and a dedicated team Outside In will be best placed to deliver the project on the national stage during 2012 highlighting the unique array of talents of the artist it works with.
Read more about the Charity running this project.
People
Marc Steene
Marc sees his work as enabling people’s creativity, developing opportunity for everyone who wants to take part in the cultural life of this country.
I like to see everyone here looking at my work – makes me feel happy. I’d like to meet up with the other artistsWar in Syria Video: Saudi Arabia Supporting a Hardline Coalition of Islamist Rebels, on Behalf of Washington
Foreign Policy Diary: The Syrian War
country is focusing its backing on the combined Jaish al-Fatah, or the Army of Conquest, a command structure for the jihadist groups in Syria that includes Jabhat al-Nusra, an extremist rival to Islamict State which shares many of its aspirations for a fundamentalist caliphate. It threatens to trump Washington’s own attempt to train so-called “pro-Western opposition fighters”, announced by President Barack Obama a year ago but finally launched only last week. The number of fighters involved is small and, crucially, the State Department insists that they would take the field against Isis and not against the regime. However, official Washington’s attitude has to be examined apart from its real interests. Many refer arising of terroristic entities such as al-Qaeda and Islamic State with US’s activity in the region.
The Army of Conquest is the coalition, whose formation was announced in March, comprises a range of mostly jihadist and Islamist groups including Al-Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra, Jund al-Aqsa and the powerful Islamist Ahrar al-Sham. Its command center is established in Idlib, northern Syria. Turkish officials admit giving logistical and intelligence support to the command headquarters. Although they deny giving direct help to al-Nusra, they acknowledge that the group would be beneficiaries. Turkish officials claim that bolstering Ahrar al-Sham will weaken the influence of al-Nusra. Material support – arms and money – have been coming from the Saudis, say rebels and officials.
Syria will face greater instability and control by extremist groups as soon as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s momentum in fighting off rebel groups is decreased. U.S. security officials attribute the gains of militants in part to their wide battleground experience and ability to use advanced tactics. There are also marks that extremists have become more coherent in their organization. The U.S. is continuing to argue that it supports only moderate rebels. Meanwhile, U.S. officials pointed out that they still had trouble identifying moderate partners, while al Qaeda affiliate al Nusra and Islamic State were tried to take advantage of any cracks in the government’s control. In account of these facts, question arises. If US has troubles with identifying ‘moderate rebel groups’ and its training of “pro-Western opposition fighters” is failed, which entities is U.S. supporting now?
The Foreign Minister of Russia Sergei Lavrov met his U.S. counterpart John Kerry, on Tuesday, in the Russian city of Sochi. Addressing the media after the talks, both diplomats stressed that they were on common ground with regards to many issues, including the situation in Syria and the threat of Islamic State terrorists in the region, as well as the Iranian nuclear deal. They also discussed the developing conflict in Yemen. The Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergei Kislyak added that the discussion between the ministers and President Putin will help define priorities and outline a future course in the relations between the two countries.
Visit us:
Our Infopartners:
Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page
Become a Member of Global ResearchThis is now book five in the Anne of Green Gables series. **Spoiler Alert (for previous books)** Anne and Gilbert are finally together, and the book begins with their wedding, sends them off to their new home in Four Winds, and spends the first couple of years of married life with them.
As they’ve moved to a new area, most of the characters are new – but of course Marilla pops in from time to time. There’s a house up the road where another couple live, but circumstances are unusual, there’s Captain Jim who runs the lighthouse, and a few others to get to know and love (including Miss Cornelia who every other sentence seems to say “isn’t that just like a man?!”.
The book has its highs and lows, I got close to tears (but didn’t cry!) twice, but mixed with that is plenty of joy and humour. I wouldn’t recommend joining these books mid series, but if you’ve read the four preceding this, definitely carry on and pick this one up!
Again the book is chock full of quoteable bits – here are some of my favourites:
- “‘Anne was always a romantic, you know,’, ‘Well, married life will most likely cure her of that,'”
- “It’s rather hard to decided just when people are grown up,”
- “I saved his life, and when you’ve saved a creature’s life you’re bound to love it. It’s next thing to giving life.”
- “God sees no difference between the voice of a crow and the voice of a nightingale.”
- “Job! It was such a rare thing to find a patient man that when one was really discovered they were determined he shouldn’t be forgotten.”
- “I even enj’y the disagreeable things. It’s great fun thinking they can’t last.”
- “A woman cannot ever be sure of not being married till she is buried.”
- “But it ain’t our feelings we have to steer by through life – no, no, we’d make shipwreck might often if we did that. There’s only the one safe compass and we’ve got to set our course by that – what it’s right to do.”
- “Hair is deceitful and noses and eyes change, and you cannot tell what is going to come of them, but ears is ears from start to finish, and you always know where you are with them.”
- “Politics is for this world, but religion is for both.”
Anything to add...?Every year it’s good to have a spring clean. Well consider this a spring clean for Lovely Appetite. We’d love your feedback on how we can make the website more useful to you, the reader. Don’t
Abergavenny has to be one of my favourite places to visit… EVER! For a start it’s really central, just an hour from me in Swansea, but it also has good connections from anywhere in the South
So the month of June is over already! Thanks to all who linked up, I have now yummed, pinned, and scheduled your posts on my Lovely Appetite Facebook page. There were some brilliant link ups this week,
There’s no denying it, food waste is bad. According to UK charity Love Food Hate Waste: We throw away 7 million tonnes of food and drink from our homes every year, the majority of which, could
I’m new to spiralizing. The people at Qwerkity gifts sent me one to try and I was intrigued. I’d heard about it but didn’t really understand how it worked; What vegetables can you use?
On a recent shopping trip to Cardiff, my family and I were looking for somewhere convenient, but tasty to eat. I had been invited to the Shake Shack opening, which originated in New York and sees Cardiff
So the first month of 2016 is at a close. That went quickly! Unlike the weather, it’s been a great month for We Should Cocoa. The amount of simple chocolate recipes is impressive! Ranging from home.Huge, updated home on a great lot. True Master Suite, Sunroom and Garage addition. Open, flex floor plan. Eat in Kitchen with built ins and view to Great Room/Sunroom. Loads of natural light. Master Suite features, spa bath and walk in closet. Gleaming hardwoods on main level. Terrace level includes, bed, bath, fireside living space, laundry and so much storage. Level, fenced backyard, deck and patio. Don't miss this rare opportunity in Huntley Hills. Schools of Excellence. Swim/Tennis available.
ListingAgenda
Italy To Welcome Cheese Lovers
By FDL on
ShareFacebook Twitter
In just a matter of days, Italy will welcome hundreds of cheesemakers and dairy artisans for the 9th edition of Cheese 2013, a biannual food festival sponsored by the Slow Food organization.
Known as the largest cheese festival in the world, Cheese offers visitors the unique opportunity of meeting cheesemakers from far flung places like Tibet, Kenya and Armenia. Diversity is part of the festival's big appeal and you can expect to find rare items like maggot cheese from Sardinia, Tibetan Yak cheese, German mite cheese and Romanian cheese wrapped in bark.
The festival will take place September 20-23 in the small town of Bra, located about an hour south of Turin (in the northwest corner of the boot). Keep your eye out for the Great Hall of Cheese, milk worshops, taste workshops and events like Dinner Dates, where you'll sample forgotten Italian recipes.
You'll be able to wash down all that cheese with artisanal local brews and wines. They'll be tons of Italian street food to sample so be sure to visit on an empty stomach. Visitors should take advantage of the Piedmontese wine region and plan a few day trips to nearby wineries.
Attending Cheese is free but there is a small fee for some of the workshops and events. To get more information, please visit the event website. Here's a cool slideshow of more awesome cheese finds you can expect at the festival.
pentester12345 said on
12345Coca-Cola® was named the official global beverage sponsor for the entire competitive Overwatch® ecosystem
Brand deals with Toyota, T-Mobile, HP, and Intel were also detailed
IRVINE, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The Overwatch League™ today announced sponsorship deals with top brands including Coca-Cola®, Toyota, T-Mobile,.
“The union between Coca-Cola and Overwatch esports is the perfect pairing between two businesses that share common values,” said Brandon Snow, chief revenue officer of Activision Blizzard Esports Leagues. “We’re excited to work closely with Coca-Cola to reach and embrace an even more global and diverse group of fans.”
Toyota was named the official North American automotive partner of the Overwatch League and will return as the sponsor of the popular player-interview series, Access Granted: Driven by Toyota. Toyota vehicles will also be featured in a series of custom-branded vignettes featuring Overwatch League broadcast talent.
“We’re happy to continue our support of Overwatch League for the 2019 season as the official North American automotive partner,” said Samantha Goot, general manager of media and engagement marketing, Toyota Motor North America. “As a returning sponsor, we look forward to connecting with the growing number of passionate esports fans via the custom media elements that will provide behind-the-scenes access and unique content throughout the season.”
T-Mobile returns as the official U.S. wireless provider of the Overwatch League to give fans even more of what they love. Once again, the Un-carrier will be the presenting sponsor of the Overwatch League’s regular season and Grand Finals MVP Awards. New to this season, Overwatch League experts will nominate five finalists for the regular-season MVP Award, giving fans the opportunity to cast their vote for candidates on Twitch, Twitter, and Weibo. Together, T-Mobile and the Overwatch League will provide the ultimate inside look at top MVP candidates in a player-profile video series to air later this season. T-Mobile is also returning as one of the presenting sponsors for Overwatch League All-Stars.
HP will continue to power the Overwatch League with PCs and displays from their OMEN line of gaming products. OMEN by HP computers and displays will be used exclusively for Overwatch League practice and competitive play. OMEN by HP will sponsor a weekly video feature, Game/Set, focused on how pro Overwatch players improve their performance. HP will also be the presenting sponsor for the “Player of the Match” segment after every regular-season match.
Intel was named the official computer processor of the Overwatch League for the second year in a row. In addition to equipping all competition PCs with Intel® Core™ i7 processors, Intel will sponsor a series of educational videos to help fans learn more about competitive Overwatch. Intel will also be returning as the presenting sponsor of the Overwatch League All-Star Game.
“Intel has supported the esports community for over 15 years with some of our best technology for gamers who demand world-class performance,” said John Bonini, VP and general manager of the VR, gaming, and esports group at Intel. “As a returning sponsor for the Overwatch League, we’ve equipped all competition PCs with powerful Intel® Core™ i7 processors to maximize the viewing and playing experience for fans and competitors. The Overwatch League is a great showcase for esports, and we’re excited to be a part of it with Blizzard.”
. HP
HP Inc. creates technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. Through our product and service portfolio of personal systems, printers, and 3D printing solutions, we engineer experiences that amaze. More information about HP Inc. is available at..
© 2019 Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. OVERWATCH, OVERWATCH LEAGUE, BLIZZARD, and BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT are trademarks of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.
[1] Sales and/or downloads, based on internal company records and reports from key distribution partners.$60.00 Sponsorship
[addthis tool=”addthis_inline_follow_toolbox”]
[wd_gap height=”30″]
Program Digital Badge Collection
Rewards students for discovering local resources within their community.
Service Goals:
- Recognize the connection between their interests, capabilities and aptitudes and their chosen STEM++ careers Learn more
- Identify and explore career and vocational areas of interest Learn more
- Identify the education, qualifications, and experiences necessary to secure their desired STEM++ careers Learn more
- Develop a plan for technical and vocational careers, post secondary education, and/or ventures in entrepreneurship Learn more
- Explore financial aid options for 2-year, vocational, certification, military or traditional 4-year post secondary education opportunities Learn more
Skillcoin Reward s™
Based on $60.00 Digital Badge Sponsorship
Student Stipend – $18.00
Impact Project Fund – $24.00
COD Network – $18.00
Reviews
There are no reviews yet., Ph.D.
Professor and Chair, Department of Political Science; Coordinator, The Ellacuría Initiative, The University of ScrantonIgnatian Solidarity Network
Jennifer Ayala, Ph.D.<<
José Arnulfo Cabrera
Immigration Reform Activists, NETWORK LobbyIgnatian Solidarity Network
Crystal Catalan
Assistant Director of Community Involvement, Presentation High SchoolIgnatian Solidarity Network
Teresa Marie Cariño
Pastoral Associate for Youth and Young Adult Ministry, Church of St. Ignatius LoyolaIgnatian Solidarity Network
Christine Dragonette
Director of Social Ministry, St. Francis Xavier College ChurchIgnatian Solidarity Network
Candra Healey
Chair, Justice and Peace Committee, St. Ignatius Catholic Community, BaltimoreIgnatian Solidarity Network
Ann Holmquist, Ed.D.
VP for Mission, Loyola High School of Los AngelesIgnatian Solidarity Network
Amy Ketner
Hispanic/Latino Ministry CoordinatorIgnatian Solidarity Network
Marilyn Nash
Campus Minister for Social JusticeIgnatian Solidarity Network
Nate Sessoms, Ph.D.
Director, Office of Black Student Services, Loyola Marymount UniversityIgnatian Solidarity Network
Tim Severyn
Director of Social Mission, Bellarmine Chapel, Xavier UniversityIgnatian Solidarity NetworkSenior Quality Assurance Engineer - Wild Rift, In-Game
Job Id: REQ-0003002
Senior Quality Assurance Engineers at Riot run the QA process for the teams that make features on Riot's products. Senior Quality Assurance Engineers will work with software engineers, content developers, artists, producers, project managers, and product leadership to create value for Players around the world. Senior Quality Assurance Engineers at Riot will be guided by Riot's Test Policy to do the quality activities at every stage of the software development life cycle. Additionally, Senior Quality Assurance Engineers at Riot will partner with your teams to arrive at more efficient solutions to everyday problems and improve delivery. Senior Quality Assurance Engineers at Riot will also be tasked to work with other QA professionals, often remotely to get the work completed.
As a Senior Quality Assurance Engineer.:
- A minimum of 6 years Software Quality Assurance Experience, with multiple proven product successes.
- You understand what it takes to grow a culture of quality across a product team.
- Quality Management: Planning, Assurance, Control, and Improvement.
- Continuous Improvement of your product, discipline and craft.
- Experience applying your expertise to solve systemic problems.
- Experience tasking remote teams daily, and providing feedback on effectiveness..We live in an imperiled world. We face pressing problems from a myriad of complex systems spinning-out-control. These are systems like global warming; environmental degradation; massive and growing inequality; global casino-capitalism based on speculation and not productivity; global flows of immigration; and global conflicts exacerbated by all these forces.
Our society has done little to speak to these problems. Indeed, we appear to disdain evidence and use this disdain as an excuse to ignore these problems and the havoc they wreak on others. Some scholars have argued that the nature of our current institutions, and even of the human mind itself, are no longer well fit to face such complex problems. We need deep innovations and we need them soon. Business as usual can only make things worse.
The nature of academic disciplines, research, expertise, and colleges and universities is fast changing. High-end research today tends to be organized in terms of crossdisciplinary teams dealing with a core challenge or “hard problem” that requires melding various methods, tools, theories, and technical languages. Single sub-disciplinary, individual expertise is being superseded by more collaborative, cross-disciplinary, and collective-intelligence-based approaches to research. Furthermore, we have many calls today for academic institutions to put as much emphasis on impact as on publication. These calls cite the small impact much academic research has had beyond building academic reputations.
As we face this new world, problems of access still remain strong. People “at the margins”—whether this means members of groups that have typically not been given fair access; people at non-elite institutions; people poorly mentored at elite institutions; or people engaging in work that lies at the margins of current paradigms—still often lack the social networks to gain access to opportunities to grow, contribute, and flourish. Yet in times of change—and at a time when much work in our own field of Education has run its course, become repetitive, or has failed to truly impact and sometimes even really address the problems we face—innovation and paradigm changes may well come from the margins not the center.
We in Education have worked diligently for decades on problems of access, inequality, various “gaps” between different groups, and the stolid inertia of our schools, classrooms, and educational institutions. But these problems are not better off enough today than they were in the 1960s. Inequality is at an all-time high; segregation is worse than it was in the 1960s; the literacy gap by class has passed the gap by race, not because we improved the race gap but because we made the class one worse (in part by ignoring it and too often confounding race and class).
It is time now to stop business as usual. It is time now to grow new theories, methods, and approaches and in a timely fashion. It does not seem, however, that these new ideas are likely to come from the center, from the tables where elites sit and trust too strongly in the past to really take care of the future.
It is time now to marshal real attempts to foster innovation, to take risks, and to cultivate the margins, in addition to business as usual. Many young scholars take the word “margins” to be an insult, but the task here is not to make students and scholars at the margins “mainstream”, the task is to have the courage sometimes to marginalize mainstream work so that innovation can happen and the margins can shift.
We need now sometimes to use selection processes that seek out risk, innovation, and new talent in order to find the new currents that show promise to refresh and transform mainstream research and interventions in education. We need to create spaces where risk taking and failure can flourish and young scholars can get ready for a “prime time” that will be constituted of new shows and not repeats and minor riffs on old ones.
This is not affirmative action. It is not about bringing disadvantaged people into the fold so they can be like us. It is about realizing that the future will not be like the past and so now our best hope may well reside somewhere at the margins. It is about affirmative action on the mainstream’s part to acknowledge not just their merits, but also their very real failures and the massive changes in our world. This is not about political correctness, it is about evidence and respect for a real and dying world in which we all live. It is about what all sports teams past their prime do: look to the bench. It is about not believing that the elite players we have drafted thanks to their outstanding “stats” are necessarily better than a walk-on who changes our game for the better.
The reason to do this—to actively seek promise at the margins and to actively question the current depth and innovation at the center—is not morality (though that would be good reason enough). The reason is survival and the fulfillment of our intellectual obligations as professors to ensure that knowledge—and not lies—grow and flourish even when this means distrusting our own long-honed judgments about what is at the center and what is at the margin. I am not saying that our problem is that the mainstream in many areas of Education are Dead White Males (nor am I denying it). I know a number of mainstream women and a number of mainstream African-Americans (and some people who are both). I am just saying that the mainstream in some important areas is, in some important ways, dead.
In the (last) Dark Ages, poorly educated monks sequestered themselves in monasteries to copy out and preserve Latin manuscripts (a language which many of them did not know well). In the margins—which did not really count as part of the book—they sometimes wrote, in their vernacular languages, limericks, gripes, and even pornographic sayings and pictures. In the act they both preserved Western knowledge in Latin and created writing in vernacular languages. The latter transformed the world perhaps more than the former. In the act of preservation, they inadvertently broke the hold of Latin and Greek by engaging in the beginnings of a practice that no one then could see had real “legs” to the future.
My last story is, sadly, a sports metaphor, meant only for those who can tolerate male sports stories. In 1956 the Baltimore Colts football team lost their backup quarterbacks and needed a new one fast. They had heard about a young guy playing sandlot football for 6 dollars a game. He had been drafted by the Steelers in 1955 and cut from the team without ever throwing a pass. The Steelers said he was not smart enough to play football and his college team had said he was too small to play professional football in any case. The Colts called him up with a dime phone call and made him a backup quarterback to be paid only if he actually made the team. In the fourth game of the season, the first-string quarterback got injured and the sandlot player came in and immediately threw an interception on his first pass, an interception ran back for a touchdown. Not an auspicious start. But things got better after that. He played 18 years and is in the Hall of Fame. Many consider him the greatest quarterback of all time and he still holds records that may never be broken. I know football is a violent game and this is just meant to be used as a metaphor to say for us mainstream Educators: let’s send someone out to check the sandlots.
The problems I am trying to address here are all getting worse as colleges and universities eviscerate tenure, casualize academic labor, honor grant writing over knowledge production, disdain the humanities, and burden students with debt while offering out-of-date and stale forms of education. Too often in today’s colleges and universities even the center is rendered inert, risk adverse, and focused more on status and money making than on innovation and impact. Now is not the time to circle the wagons to protect the center. It is the time to open the doors to the “barbarians” that might well bring us the winds of change that could save us all.Sony Xperia XZ2 battery test: Even better than it is on paper
It’s no secret that Sony smartphones have always been champions of battery life and the Xperia XZ2 is no exception. We’ve done a comprehensive test of the device and after many charging cycles we came to the following conclusions.
The data sheet doesn’t seem to favor the XZ2
Sony has done a great job once again. On paper, the Xperia XZ2, with its 3,180 mAh battery and its high-performance Snapdragon 845 processor, doesn’t sound like it can make it through the end of the day. But in daily use, the battery life of the Japanese brand’s new flagship is amazing.
Sony already surprised me with the battery life on the Sony Xperia XZ1, but the XZ2 was still able to improve upon its predecessor. The smartphone can safely provide more than 7 hours of screen time over one or even two days of use. With more moderate use, I’m sure you can even reach 3 or 4 days if you avoid 4G networks and only use the device for fast calls, text messaging, and social media.
Two days of use and an intercontinental trip? No problem
To give you a practical example, last weekend starting from Saturday at lunchtime (I know I’m lazy) I reached a shocking 7 hours and 23 minutes of screen time over the course of 32 hours. The battery lasted until Sunday evening. So that’s some impressive battery life.
During a 10 hour flight to Shenzhen, China, I was able to watch many saved movies offline on Netflix, and also used the navigation, messaging, and social media. I even took pictures and recorded videos of the departure and landing. At the end, I added up all the figures and ended up with 9 hours of screen time with the device on for 26 hours. These are results that other flagships can only dream of.
I almost forgot to say: none of the results above were achieved using the Xperia XZ2 Stamina power saving features. You can only imagine how much longer your smartphone’s battery life can be by using these features.
Sony Xperia XZ2 comparison with PCMark battery life benchmarks
A fast charging system that learns from your habits
The Sony Xperia XZ2 also has an intelligent charging system. Not only can it use Quick Charge 3.0 (standard supported by the supplied charged), but it also has a system to learn about your charging habits. This means that if you usually charge your smartphone in the evening and then disconnect it from the charger every morning at 6:30 am when you wake up, your smartphone will learn to charge slowly and only finish charging a few minutes before 6:30 am. This keeps the battery in the best possible condition and limits its wear. Bravo, Sony.
Conclusion
Sony has once again proven that it can build smartphones that are as good as and even superior to the competition in terms of battery life. Xperia XZ2 will never leave you in a moment of need. This year Sony decided they wanted to show what they’re capable of and this flagship shows it. Will it succeed against some formidable competition in the P20 and Galaxy S9?
What do you think about Xperia XZ2? Will you look to get a Sony device this year or will you opt for something else?
getting 6hrs sot with 45hrs standby in a country where xs max goes upto 7:30 max in less than 20hrs standby
here 4g sucks but my xz2 on android pie is literally killing all flagships
got 7hrs sot easily with 24hrs sot some time ago
I don't know how you make the battery last that long. I hardly use my phone it spends most of the day in my pocket. I'm lucky to get 10 hrs with little use. I have already sent it back once and told there is nothing wrong with it. I had the Z3 before this and the battery would last 2 days with more use than the xz2.
How do you get 7 hours screen on time? I get between 4-5 hours, I just bought the phone today.
"During a 10 hour flight to Shenzhen, China, I was able to watch many saved movies offline on Netflix, and also used the navigation, messaging, and social media"
So, network/radio off and wifi on during flight? That's not real life, daily use condition.
I will give that it still is a great SOT, but you need to clarify that the network is on airplane mode (except for Wifi)
9 hours of SOT on less than 3000 mAh? Samsung needs to take notes.Filter
Share This Page
For Sale - Form Fill Seal Machines for Flexible Pouches | FFS Machinery
Vegapack 300 - S (Servo Driven Sachet Packing System): A world class multi track VFFS sachet packaging machine at an affordable value...
Precise dosing, low wastage, easy job change-ov......
PTP 2658
Model: CU-1013
- 316 stainless steel product contact surfaces
- 304 stainless steel non contact surfaces
- Capable of speeds of 20-40 vials/minute
- Designed for powder and liquid......
PTP 4291
Product Range: Powders, Granules, Spices, Soups, Yeast, Desserts, Detergents, Pharmaceuticals and Agricultural powders / Granules, Tea, Tobacco, Pan Masala, Coffee, Shampoo, Creams, Ketch......
PTP 2553
Auger Filler is a versatile powder filling machine for dosing free flowing as well as non free flowing powders like Pharmaceutical powders, Chemical powders, Talcum powder, Pesticide powd......
PTP 2552
Supply: 230 VAC, 50 HZ.
Feeding System: Vibratory feeder.
Range: 10gms to 100gms, 100gms. to 1kg, 2kg to 5kg, 10kg to 25kg, 50kg to 200kg.
Accuracy with respect to weight range: 1%, 0.......
PTP 2551
Modern High Precision Machines: Microprocessor Controlled Load Cell based, accurate & consistent filling by weight. Membrane-touch keys for setting parameters for weigh filling and for ex......
PTP 2550
A vertical form, fill and seal automatic machine for producing most types of Powder and Granular Sachets with Center Seal Format.
Product Range
- Powders / Granules
- Spices, Soups, ......
PTP 2342
A fully automatic PLC based Vertical Form Fill Seal Machine
Product Range
- Powders, Free and Non-free flowing, Granules, Pulses, Beans, Spices, Soups, Detergents, Yeast, Desserts Pha......
PTP 2343
A vertical form, fill and seal automatic machine for producing most types of Powder and Granular Sachets
Product Range
- Powders
- Granules
- Spices, Soups Yeast, Desserts, Deterge......
PTP 2341
Our Auger Filler is a versatile powder filling machine for dosing free flowing as well as non free flowing powders, like Pharmaceutical powders, Chemical powders, Talcum powder, Pesticide......
PTP 2340
This Semi Automatic Machine to pack any shape and size of solid pieces like Syringes, Single Biscuits, Chocolates, Rings, Auto Mobile Spare Parts, Hardware items, etc.<br>
<b>Specificati......
PTP 1322
The Machine operate on the principle of Volumetric Cups with a provision of volume adjustment. On Volumetric Form Fill and Sealing Machines are ideal for filling dry, free flowing product......
PTP 1321
The Auger Base FFS Machine Operates on the Principle of Positive Displacement Screw under constant head. Auger Filler Machine for packing free flowing powders like Pharmaceutical Powders,......
PTP 1320
The Machine operates with volumetric cup systems for small quantity, suitable to pack Granules, Tablets, Pan Masala, Tobacco and its by products, Candy, Jaljeera Powder etc.<br>
<b>Speci......
PTP 1319
<b>Specifications</b><br>
<b>Tube Diameter:</b>Max 40mm<br>
<b>Tube Length:</b>60 mm to 180 mm.<br>
<b>Sealing Capacity:</b>900 to 1400 tubes per hour.(Depending on size of tubes)<br>
......
PTP 1279
<b>Features:</b><br>
1.With advance touch screen control, all the works of product feeding measuring, filling, bag forming, date printing, gas inject, sealing, cutting and counting can b......
PTP 1263
...
PTP 1262
Our Piston Filler is suitable for viscous Fluids like lime(Chuna) Paste,Grease,oil fruit pulp,etc.<br>Specifications<br><b>Packaging Materials</b>:Virgin Laminated Films.<br><b>Quantity R......
PTP 1259
Our Auger Filler is suitable for Haldi,
Mehandi,Besan,Atta,Talcum Powder,Spices,all kinds of fine powders.<br>Specifications<br><b>Packaging Materials</b>:Laminated Films.<br><b>Quantity......
PTP 1258
Our Centre seal and Three side seal cup filler are suitable for free flowing solids like Tea,Spices,Powders,Supari,Saunf,Pan Masala,etc.<br><b>Specifications</b>:Packaging Material Lamina......
PTP 1257
Subject Required.
Message Required.
Please enter First Name.
Please enter Last Name.
Please enter Company Name.
Please Select Country.
Mobile Number Required.
Mamata Machinery..
Domestic routes and flight frequency
September 6 through December 15
Alberta and Northwest Territories
British Columbia and Yukon
Ontario
Saskatchewan and Manitoba
Quebec
Atlantic Canada
EXTRA 20% off sale items. Use code EXTRA20. Excludes Electronics
Standard Delivery
Tuesday 19ᵗʰ Mar - Wednesday 20ᵗʰ Mar
Express Delivery
Ordered before 7:00PM, delivered on Tuesday 19ᵗʰ Mar
Give yourself every advantage when you spend time in the gym. This women's crewneck training t-shirt offers a contoured fit with extra room in the shoulders for easy movement with every rep. The front hem is cut longer than the back to provide extra coverage, while an allover graphic adds sporty style to your routine. The tee is made of smooth Climalite fabric that wicks moisture and helps keep you dry all day.
Climalite wicks sweat to keep you dry in every condition
Crewneck
Elongated front hem
FreeLift pattern offers a supportive, contoured fit for full range of movement and stay-put coverage
Allover burnout graphic
adidas Badge of Sport on back neck
Loose fit offers room through the shoulders for plenty of movement
68 % polyester / 32 % viscose single jersey
You may also like...
Recently viewed...ECS Transactions 85(13) “Selected Proceedings from the 233rd ECS Meeting: Seattle, WA – Spring 2018,” has just been published.
Browse the table of contents in the ECS Digital Library, or purchase the full issue (available for instant download) from the ECS Online Store.
This issue contains a total of 149 papers from the following Seattle symposia:
A01 – Battery and Energy Technology Joint General Session
A02 – Large-Scale Energy Storage 9
A03 – Li-ion Batteries and Beyond
A04 – Materials Recycling for Energy Conversion and Storage
B01 – Carbon Nanostructures for Energy Conversion and Storage
B02 – Carbon Nanostructures in Medicine and Biology
B03 – Carbon Nanotubes – From Fundamentals to Devices
B06 – 2D Layered Materials from Fundamental Science to Applications
B07 – Inorganic/Organic Nanohybrids for Energy Conversion
B08 – Porphyrins, Phthalocyanines, and Supramolecular Assemblies
C01 – Corrosion General Session
D02 – Plasma and Thermal Processes for Materials Modification, Synthesis, and Processing 2
E01 – Electrodeposition of Micro and Nano Materials for Batteries and Sensors
E02 – Surfactant and Additive Effects on Thin Film Deposition, Dissolution, and Particle Growth
H04 – Wearable and Flexible Electronic and Photonic Technologies
I01 – State of the Art Tutorial in Low Temperature Fuel Cell Electrocatalysis: The Challenge of High Current Density Performance at Low Platinum Loading
I04 – Materials for Low Temperature Electrochemical Systems 4
I05 – Renewable Fuels via Artificial Photosynthesis or Heterocatalysis 3
I06 – Mechano-Electro-Chemical Coupling in Energy Related Materials and Devices 3
K01 – 13th Manuel M. Baizer Memorial Symposium on Organic Electrochemistry
K03 – Oxidation and Reduction: Exploring Electron Transfer Reactions in Chemistry and Biology
L01 – Physical and Analytical Electrochemistry, Electrocatalysis, and Photoelectrochemistry General Session
L03 – Biological Fuel Cells 8
L04 – Charge Transfer: Electrons, Protons, and Other Ions 3
L05 – Oxygen Reduction Reactions
L06 – Nanoporous Materials
M01 – Sensors, Actuators, and Microsystems General Session
M02 – Microfluidics, Sensors, and Devices 2
Z01 – General Student Poster Session
Z03 – Solid State Topics General Session
Browse the table of contents in the ECS Digital Library, or purchase the full issue (available for instant download) from the ECS Online Store.- 104 views
- 98 downloads
“You need to be double cultured to function here”: toward an anthropology of Inuit nursing in Greenland and Nunavut
- Author / Creator
- Møller, Helle
Working towards an anthropology of nursing, I explore what it means to become and be an Inuit nurse, using as a lens the experiences and voices of Greenlandic and Canadian Inuit nurses and nursing students who are educated and practice in settings developed and governed by Southerners (Danes and EuroCanadians), functioning largely on Southern cultural norms (Danish and EuroCanadian), in Southern languages (Danish and English). I argue that Inuit nurses and students are the Arctic health care systems’ most valuable assets. They offer unique knowledge, qualifications, and spirit to the Arctic health care systems while being affected by health care politics, a lack of permanent health care staff and high turnover rates. These challenges are compounded by Inuit nurses’ and students’ need to negotiate the languages and cultures of the nursing field, the Southern systems and their Southern colleagues, with the languages and cultures of the patients, their families, and the societies from which they come. Inuit nurses’ and students’ success, therefore, hinges on their possessing double cultural and social capital. This includes the ability to communicate in at least two languages and cultures, and in the field of nursing. It also includes the ability to understand, negotiate, and interact, using at least two ways of being in the world, two ways of learning and teaching, and two ways of perceiving the body, health, and disease. I suggest that communication difficulties between Southern and Inuit health care practitioners, as well as between Inuit clients and some Inuit and Southern practitioners, may arise because they possess different cultural capital. This, I maintain, is complicated by the educational and health care systems in the Arctic continuing to be colonial in nature and catering to Southern cultures and habitus, and because some Southern health care practitioners preserve a colonial attitude that creates obstacles to the provision of optimal care to Inuit clients and barriers to equity in workload and professional demands for Inuit and Greenlandic nurses. In order for Inuit nurses’ and students’ knowledge and abilities to have the greatest impact on patient care and recovery they need to be acknowledged, supported and embraced by the Arctic educational and healthcare systems.
-.The Shared Search & Discovery Services Committee included in its recommendations the 360Search federated search software (). While not able to offer monies outside of campus budgets for this software, nonetheless the recommendation has received support from the SUNYConnect Advisory Council and the SUNY Council of Library Directors.
To provide additional information to the community, a number of web-based seminars have been scheduled (during the period – September 30, 2008 – October 3, 2008).
Schedule and access information for these programs is available via the OLIS Documents area at The programs will run approximately one hour. It is not necessary to register for a specific program ahead of time.
The hope is that you will be able to participate in one of these webinars.
[posted by John Schumacher / john.schumacher@suny.edu ]Jordan Witt
@JVVITT
- WORK - PLAY - LIVE - LEARN - LIFT- -Sales Representative for Haasz Automall- #Oose-We Dem Boyzzz-
Recommended
Last Seen Profiles
Shooting Clays at the property. 💥 @ Buffalo, Ohio
Great weekend fishing at the property 🎣 @ Buffalo, Ohio
Happy 50th Birthday to my beautiful mother. I'd be lost without ya. Never seen anyone pull of…
Major withdrawals from this resort. Until next time #CamelbackInn it's been real.…
Already having withdrawals. So long until next time #CamelbackInn it's been real. #Blessed…
"You will never know your limits until you push yourself to them." #Camelback #Hiking #Arizona…
"You will never know your limits until you push yourself to them." @ Camelback Mountain
Sis and I in the Lounge. Happy hour is the best hour. #Arizona #CamelbackInn @ JW Marriott…
Vacation in Paradise Valley Scottsdale, Arizona with the fam. 112 degrees... #Blessed @ JW…
If you're in the market for a New Chrysler, Jeep, Dodge, Ram, look no further. At Haasz…
Seriously one of the greatest moments of my life. We did it... #Cleveland
Happy Mother's Day to this beautiful woman. So very blessed is all I can say. Love you mom!
Congrats to my boy Tim Botschner on your F-150! From elementary school to business partners…
Blessed to have another great month. #GodIsGood
Blessed to have another great month. #GodIsGood
Got Salesman of the Month and Most Reviewed! #HaaszAutomall #FeelingBlessed @ Haasz Automall
Congratulations on the 16 Challenger Jorge. One badass whip. #Musclecar @ Haasz Automall
Congratulations to Holly on your Brand New Purple Backcountry Edition 2016 Wrangler! What a…
Congratulations to Kreig on your 2014 Ram 3500 Dually! Badass Truck! Flew in all the way from…
You know you're getting old when a George Foreman Grill is your favorite gift 😂See why Red Bank pet store is owner's dream job
Seaside Heights held Dog Day at its beach and boardwalk and hundreds of pooches showed up to meet and sniff as well as swim in the surf. STAFF VIDEO BY PETER ACKERMAN Peter Ackerman
Born and raised in Little Silver, Theodore Joseph “T.J.” Moss always loved animals. “Growing up, I had hamsters, dogs, cats, lizards – you name it,” the 24-year-old recalled.
Between the ages of 14 and 19, Moss landed his dream job working at nearby Fins and Feathers, a 32-year-old pet store, grooming salon and supply shop run by owner Helen Davis, where he also became known for an affinity for certain reptiles. “I often inherited and rescued turtles that people brought to the shop,” laughed Moss, who now lives in Shrewsbury along with 22 turtles, two dogs, two tortoises and one lizard. “All I ever wanted to do was own Fins and Feathers and my parents’ house.”
Moss achieved half of his lifelong dream when, in December 2014, Davis decided to focus more on the dog grooming side of the business and offered to sell her shop to her former employee. Having taken a full-time job managing Garden State Cold Storage in Newark for two years after high school, “I’d saved my money, have a very big and supportive family, and was ready when Helen called,” he said.
PET BUSINESS: Teacher traded in students for pets in new career
PET PAMPERING: 3 people who pamper their pets to extremes
PET CARE: Lucky's Bed & Biscuit gives pets place to stay
Level head and open heart
In the 20 months since taking over, the landmark 3,000-square-foot shop continues to offer everything from fish, reptiles and birds to rabbits, guinea pigs, hamsters, snakes and more as well as a full range of pet food and supplies.
The big difference? With the help of three employees, two dog groomers (of which Davis is one) and two bathers, “we’ve doubled our grooming business in the past year and a half, handling an estimated 6 to 10 dogs per day during the summer and sometimes over 20 per day during the holidays,” Moss said. “We don’t use cage dryers like some of the larger chains do, but rather dry all of our dogs by hand with high-pressure blow dryers and they come out looking great. We also offer boarding for birds, small animals and even fish, conduct kitten adoptions through the store, and support Red Bank-based Home Free Animal Rescue by providing free baths for dogs, discounted food, and other donations.
“We definitely encourage people to adopt rescue animals,” said Moss, who describes his own rescue pet as “the perfect dog” and whose shop doesn’t support the sale of dogs or cats.
While he learned a lot while working at the shop during his teens, Moss said that operating a pet store requires a level head and an open heart, “because you never know what’s going to walk through the door. A customer of ours recently brought in her six-foot iguana on a leash and it got so nervous by a dog in the shop that it started thrashing around and cracked its own tail off,” he said. “One of our customers brings in their goats, and another has a wallaby. We attract every type of customer.”
As a patron for over 20 years, Diana Welch of Colts Neck is among Fins and Feathers’ longtime supporters. “We started out with rabbits in a hutch outside to appease our four kids and our collection of pets steadily grew to include bearded dragons, lizards, birds, fish, turtles and a dog,” Welch said.
Welch shops at Fins and Feathers at least once a week for supplies and brings her dog there for grooming every two to three months. “They have everything I need or else they can get it for me and it’s nice to have a mom-and-pop shop to go to instead of the chains and to have a personal relationship with the staff,” she said. “They offer great service and products, have a wonderful staff, and T.J. is very warm, friendly and helpful with a great sense of humor. He always greets customers with a smile.”
STRANGE PETS: South Jersey woman has turkeys — as pets
PET LOVE: Divine love of pets inspires chaplain
PRESS ON YOUR SIDE: Growl! Bark! Puppy scams aren't cute
Healthy, strong and happy
While certain types of pets remain perennially popular, “some animals become trendy when one person gets one and then all of their friends have to get one too,” Moss said. “We’ve sold a lot of rabbits that way recently and customers have also been very receptive to the five different types of chameleons we just brought in.”
As in so many industries today, Moss said that “it’s challenging to stay competitive with larger pet store chains as well as online outlets,” all of whom claim to offer the lowest prices. “But our dog and cat food is definitely $1 cheaper than any chain store and we hope that this will help draw people into the store so that they can see the other services we offer, such as pet grooming and boarding.”
A more location-specific challenge is the recently installed pay stations on Monmouth Street that have made it increasingly difficult for customers to park, though Moss said that customers have been dutifully “working with” the new system.
Among great opportunities ahead, “we’d love to open a second location in the future,” Moss said. “And there are always interesting new products coming out. I go to a lot of industry trade shows and it’s exciting to see all of the new pet foods being introduced, from grain-free and raw to vegan varieties.”
Among his favorite parts of the job? “Being my own boss is great and no day is the same,” he said. “I also love all of our loyal customers – many of whom knew me from when I started here 10 years ago and a few of whom have been coming here since the very beginning.”
Ultimately, Moss said, “it’s a dream come true to work with animals all day. For me, it’s about ensuring that all of our animals are healthy, strong and happy.”
FINS AND FEATHERS
Location: 134 Monmouth St., Red Bank
Phone: 732-842-4197
Opened: 1984
Owner: T.J. Moss
Website:
Hours: 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sundays through Fridays; 9:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturdays
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
This conversation is moderated according to USA TODAY's community rules. Please read the rules before joining the discussion.250-492-4575
Discover Naramata Map/Guide: M-14
1060 Poplar Grove Road, Penticton BC, V2A 8T6
9.2 km (12 min)
6.5 km (10 min)
Longitude: 119° 34' 0.660" W
Poplar Grove Cheese is a small artisanal Cheesery settled among vineyards along Naramata Road. We pride ourselves in making delicious and creamy European style cheeses, guaranteed to tantalize your senses. Our cheeses are made by a small team of dedicated cheese makers. When you visit you will have a chance to see part of the cheese making process through our viewing window while sipping some of our wine and tasting some of our cheese.
In Since 2012 we have teamed up with Lock & Worth Winery, who makes their exquisite wine on site from grapes sourced in the surrounding vineyard. While you are here, you can also sit outside and enjoy a lovely picnic overlooking the beautiful view of Okanagan Lake.
We look forward to welcoming you!
General Information
- Open/Closed Information: 7 days a week: 11:00 AM to 5:00 PM
- Open seasonally
- Wheelchair accessibleTelemedicine
Access to healthcare for everyone, everywhere
A response to medical deserts
From making individual appointments to safeguarding health for an entire population, telemedicine abolishes the distance between patients and medical expertise.
Satellite telecommunications bring these solutions to rural and remote areas affected by both a shortage of doctors and limited or non-existent coverage by ground-based communication networks.
Satellites' added value
The main difference between space-based and other technologies is that satellites cover all parts of the globe, even the most remote places, without the need for ground infrastructure. You simply need to set up a satellite dish and the connection is available immediately.
For routine use by individuals or professionals based in areas where the data rate is inadequate, it is an attractive solution. In the event of natural disasters, accidental outages, interventions in conflict zones, etc., satellite internet is the only possible solution.
Is it expensive?
The answer is NO! To obtain a satellite connection, all you need is a dish (a kit costing around €400, with public subsidies available) and a subscription of around €30/month. Don't hesitate to come back to us for more details!
Specific projects carried out with our partners
DIABSAT, the mobile diabetes truck
DIABSAT, which was set up under a partnership between CNES and Toulouse University Hospital, offers eyesight, kidney function and foot examinations to diabetics living in isolated areas, in order to detect any diabetes complications. The examinations are carried out by paramedics and transmitted directly by satellite link to specialists in diabetology and ophthalmology.
Almost 4,000 patients have benefited from this service since the project was first launched.
A special case: developers of telemedicine software and systems
Are you a software developer or a telemedicine platform? Are your e-health solutions installed in vehicles or boats? Are they deployed in "dead" zones?
- Satellite internet allows you to remain compatible and operational everywhere, but it is always best to optimize this possibility at the initial design stage of your system. We can help you implement the necessary parameters, and provide you with a free dedicated platform (CESARS) to test the operation of your satellite solutions. Please contact us for more information!
Did you know? Equipment can be provided for vehicle fleets (firefighters, emergency medical services, etc.) and professionals in the field to ensure continuous communications. If you are looking for solutions along these lines, don't hesitate to ask us about it.
These solutions are effective and simple to implement, and represent powerful levers for public service in health, to achieve equal healthcare provision in all regions. If you would like to find out more, don't hesitate to contact us!
Connect by CNES is here to help
The Connect by CNES team is here to help you better understand satellite data, to enable you to develop or optimize your e-health solutions. We can help you implement the necessary parameters, and provide you with access to CESARS, a free dedicated platform to test the operation of your satellite connections.
If you need advice, answers to technical questions or pricing information, please contact us!
To find out more...
Thematic fact sheets
Explanatory videos
Your Telemedicine contact person
Marie-Laure will help you with any questions on health. Don't hesitate to write to us, we will forward your request.
Unlike other social networks, LinkedIn has grown its memberships slowly and steadily. While other networks usually have taken five years to reach the 100 million mark -- LinkedIn took eight years, only reaching the mark in 2011. However, when it comes to crossing the 200 million member threshold, they’re right on schedule. So what does 200 million members look like and what helped them get there so speedily?
200 Million Reasons to Get LinkedIn
When Twitter reached 200 million users at the end of December, it was an indication that the microblogging tool wasn’t just a fad. But for LinkedIn, no one ever really doubted its influence, as it lead as the best social network for business users -- great for boosting careers, generating business leads and helping colleagues stay connected.
Thanks to some popular new product launches, like redesigned company pages, an ads API Program and video ads, LinkedIn has been able to offer additional tools so that the platform could become a marketing hub for companies, where they could featured products, career opportunities and testimonials.
In the past year alone, LinkedIn Marketing Solutions has significantly ratcheted up its efforts to help marketers create highly-targeted campaigns that build meaningful relationships and drive results. But marketing solutions were just part of it -- other features, liked targeted status updates optimized the site for users, letting them network and promote themselves more efficiently.
While we’re sure that 2013 will bring further updates to the platform, we take a moment to fully appreciate what 200 million members looks like. The following infographic helps illustrate it best.
Michael Sandberg's Data Visualization Blog
View original post 556 more wordsDr. Jerry Cox is your go-to dentist in Lebanon, MO if you’re looking for a comfortable, relaxed, and welcoming dental experience. Dr. Cox offers a wide range of services for the entire family, ranging from cleanings to restorations. Dr. Cox is committed to offering the most comfortable and convenient dental experience possible.
Patient Amenities
Dr. Cox offers extras that will ensure your visit is amazing. The Lebanon team is professional and friendly. They take the time to make sure you are comfortable and all your questions are answered. Dr. Cox treats his patients like family. He offers free Wi-Fi and wireless internet for all patients and will also offer warm neck pillows to ensure your comfort.
Dental Anxiety?
Lebanon dentist, Dr. Cox, would love to speak with you if you are nervous about going to the dentist, or have had a poor experience in the past. He offers sedation services to get you through any procedure without anxiety or fear, and will take the time to address all of your questions and concerns.
Affordability
Potential costs associated with dental procedures can deter many from seeking dental care. Dr. Cox and his Leban. Cox and our friendly Lebanon dentist team would love to welcome you and your family to experience our excellent care. Give us a call at (417) 288-4259.Back in October when our friends from the US Bank were visiting I blogged about visiting a family where there were five children living alone in our neighboring community. The eldest child is 11-years old and the youngest is 3-years old. The parents of these children were murdered in South Africa and now they are left to fend for themselves and raise each other. We had visited the home and given them all new pairs of TOMS Shoes and some food, and then wondered what could really be done for this family.
The blog was read by a woman in the US, who then contacted me and asked how she could help this family. She said that she and her husband were elderly and living off his disability pension, but that if she sent us money each month, could we provide food for the children? We have seen this time and time again. The people who seem to have the least, seem to give the most. It never ceases to surprise and encourage me, and when it happens I try to think carefully about how I am supposed to respond.
How can we help? That is often a difficult question to answer for many reasons. Helping can cause many problems if not done with care and caution. There are so many Orphan Headed Households in Swaziland that we must be careful to not put the children in further danger by providing them with food and supplies. We need to be sure that the food won’t be stolen by other people and or misused. There is also the issue of physically buying food to supply them, the time required to go to town, the cost of the vehicle to drive and the petrol to get to town and then to the community. It is so often hard and costly to help. But how could I say no this woman who was willing to give sacrificially to help these children who have nothing?
So we met as a team and discussed how we could best assist these orphaned children. I love our team at Project Canaan. They have such tender hearts for people who are hurting and Antony, Denis and Pastor Mike worked on a plan and a budget. Then the conversations started with the community and the children’s Grandmother, who lives in a different homestead, but was willing to help. The children would often go to their Grandmothers house after school, but she rarely had any food so they would go home hungry. If only we could meet their basic food needs that could help a lot.
While it seemed that it took an inordinate amount of time and conversation to help this one family, our pastor back in Georgia, Andy Stanley, encourages the people in our church to “do for ONE, what you wish you could do for EVERYONE”. It is easy to look at all the poverty and all the hungry children and say, “well, that’s only one family who would be helped, and it’s a lot of ongoing work and effort to help them”. I met three families in five days who had five children in each home, under the age of 13-years and had no adult living with or near them. But we decided to do for this ONE family what we wished we could do for them all.
After a month of discussions, planning and negotiations we arrived yesterday to deliver food to the Grandmother of the five children so that she could cook for them and provide a stable and healthy diet to these children in need. We sat under the tree in her front yard and listened to this very old woman tell about her family, her dead children and the grandchildren who were left behind for her to care for. I asked how many grandchildren she was feeding? She looked at me with some surprise at the question, then her face looked puzzled and then she shrugged her shoulders. I clarified my question and asked how many grandchildren were actually living with her at the homestead, and whom she cared for? She smiled, then asked if she could call them all so that I could count them (since I seemed to be the only one interested in the answer).
The children were called and they all filed out of the one room house they were standing in. There were fifteen children in all. The eldest was 11-years old and the youngest was 18-months old. We suddenly realized how big this Grandmother’s problem was. She had 15 little mouths to feed and had no food to give them. When we pulled out this week’s food allotment (including cooking oil, salt, sugar, beans, cabbage, bread etc) she looked at us and said, “God has heard my prayers and sent help. Thank you so very, very, very , very much for hearing the voice of God and bringing help to me through this food.” I quickly told her the story of the woman in the US who was the one who was praying for the family and who had sent the money for the food. But this Grandmother assured us that it was her heavenly Father who had provided. There was no doubt in her mind that the God Who Sees (El Roi), saw her in her need, and answered her prayers through an elderly woman in the US who has little to give, but is giving so much.
Yesterday was a good day and I am proud to serve with amazing people who love the Lord and serve Him selflessly without ceasing each and every day.
Live from Swaziland … doing for ONE, what I wish I could do for EVERYONE.
Janine
PS – for those of you who care about my farm animal update – we got our first baby chick at the nest at our house this week! It is wonderful seeing new life around us.
Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment.Wednesday was a good day on Wall Street, and positive momentum from earlier in the week continued to lift most stock market benchmarks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average picked up almost 100 points as investors seemed more comfortable with the likely course of interest rates and a potential resolution to trade disputes between the U.S. and China. Yet some individual stocks suffered from bad news that made them miss out on the broader market's advances. Constellation Brands (NYSE: STZ), SMART Global Holdings (NASDAQ: SGH), and Greenbrier (NYSE: GBX) were among the worst performers. Here's why they did so poorly.
Constellation loses its shine
Shares of Constellation Brands fell 12% after the company famous for Corona beer, Robert Mondavi wine, and Svedka vodka reported its fiscal third-quarter results. The company said revenue climbed 9%, producing an 18% boost in adjusted earnings per share. But investors were disappointed with the downward pressure that resulted from weak wine and spirits performance, as well as poor results from Constellation's investment in cannabis specialist Canopy Growth. Constellation also cut its outlook for the full year, calling into question its overall strategy. Interestingly, though, Canopy shares jumped, indicating that at least among marijuana stock investors, long-term confidence in the industry remains high.
Image source: Constellation Brands.
SMART Global doesn't look so smart
SMART Global Holdings saw its stock plunge 25% in the wake of its fiscal first-quarter financial report. The electronics company specializing in memory and storage solutions said that both net income and total revenue were higher by close to 50% compared to year-earlier numbers, and CEO Ajay Shah pointed to success in memory, computing, and storage solutions as driving the overall results. Yet despite optimism about its future, SMART Global's outlook for the fiscal second quarter wasn't as favorable as investors had hoped. With electronics companies seeing extreme volatility lately, it'll be up to SMART Global to prove that its particular angle on the tech industry can keep producing solid growth.
Greenbrier goes off the rails
Finally, shares of Greenbrier dropped 8%. The rail car maker said that sales were higher by 8% compared to the year-earlier quarter, but net income fell by more than 30% over the same period. Challenges related to delivery volume, mix of rail cars sold, and a higher effective tax rate all weighed on Greenbrier's bottom line, and investors weren't happy with expectations for the remainder of fiscal 2019. Given Greenbrier's sensitivity to the health of the energy industry, the rail car maker needs a crude oil rebound in order to drive tank-car sales and pull out of a tailspin that's lopped a third of its value off its share.‘Are we nearly there yet?’ You said it. I said it. We all said it. Vomiting into sun hats in the back of boiling hot cars, being dragged off on walks with the promise of an ice cream, seasick on some horror of a ferry, ‘Are we nearly there yet?’
And we thought we’d grown out of it, passed the baton to another generation of whining littl’uns. We thought we’d left that behind; the desperation, the hope, the slight nausea, the wondering what happens next, ‘Are we nearly there yet?’
And yet, here we stand/sit/lie, wondering about Brexit – are we nearly there yet? Wondering about becoming who we are truly meant to be – are we nearly there yet? Wondering about meeting the man – are we nearly there yet? Wondering when our career will blossom into something impressive enough to count as legacy – are we nearly there yet?
And we, of course, dealing with the potential tragedy of the near miss. The hideous frustration of almost, almost, bit more, go on then, yes, yes, yes… oh. Please God let life not become about the ‘oh’.
But we must see our ‘Are we nearly there yet?’ as a sign of hunger rather than one of discontent. As a mark of ambition instead of an emblem of whinge and grouch and disappointment.
If we manage to twin this conjecture with gratitude then we are rooted yet moving forwards, grateful but not yet replete. That is perhaps the key. Hard to remember when you are wondering when you might get what you want or need, when you feel exhausted and let down. But gratitude will counteract longing and, in the end, might give you wings…Rare Breeds Loop Carpet has been added to your enquiry form. View enquiry form or continue to browse & add more products
The Rare Breeds Loop Carpet has a natural softness with the textural interest of a contemporary and stylish looking loop pile.
Rare Breeds Loop, offers ethical and an environmental vision, together with understated yet undeniable luxury.
Made from pure, undyed wool, blended to create warm, on trend, neutral shades that will enhance any room in your home, hard-wearing and luxurious.
This carpet features a revolutionary Envirobac system, an eco-friendly carpet backing that makes this carpet easier to transport and fit.
Come into store to view and borrow samples to look at in the comfort of your own home.Yacht Charter Cyclades Islands
Yacht Cruise Guides to Destinations around the Cyclades Islands
The Cyclades are a large group of islands in the south west of the Aegean. Greek mythology tells how Poseidon, the God of the Sea, angry at the sea nymphs, changed them into islands. They form a circle around the sacred island of Delos which was once a famous trading port but is now uninhabited. The islands themselves are almost exclusively the peaks of underwater mountains with the two major exceptions, Santorini and Milos which are volcanic. There are many islands in the Cyclades, many of them uninhabited, and with the freedom of a yacht charter, you are not restricted from seeing whichever ones you want.
The calm blue waters of the Aegean have become increasingly popular in recent years. There are few more relaxing holidays than taking a yacht vacation on the calm seas while your every need is catered for by an experienced captain and crew, everything from information on the itinerary to the cuisine cooked with the freshest of local produce. Sometimes it may even be fish out of the waters just in time for dinner. A luxury yacht charter holiday is an experience that you will never forget.
The Cyclades have become very popular with people wishing to sail in the Aegean, and it is easy to see why. They cover over 2,500 square kilometres of sea so you are unlikely to come across crowds as you can lay anchor anywhere. There are few sunrises and sunsets as impressive as those you can enjoy when you are out on a yacht.
Delos is regarded as a sacred island. A great deal of mythology is associated with Delos but it is also an island where there has been extensive excavation such is the richness of its history. There are several reasons for ruins in these islands. One is age, and another is the struggles that have taken place over centuries. A third is earthquakes which have been prevalent throughout history; they are responsible for the destruction of Greek Ancient Wonders of the World.
Santorini is one of the main attractions in the Group. It is a romantic island formed by volcanic activity. The caldera is a popular location for photographs, especially at sunset. The highest point on the island is 340 metres so there are stunning views for those taking the time to get there. Mykonos, Paros, Naxos and Ios are popular holiday destinations in themselves and when you book a luxury yacht charter, you can see them all. Each is likely to have the architecture, typical of the region; whitewashed houses with blue windows and doors. Each also has lovely beaches that those staying on the islands will spend much of their time.
Mykonos is another with a high point over 300m. The majority of its 10,000 population live in the main town of the same name. It is certainly the party capital of the Cyclades offering luxury to those who want it. Few have the ‘’riches’’ that you have on your yacht; you can just sail away. Naxos and Paros are two adjacent islands, the latter especially popular with young people. If you are sailing as a family and have teenagers with you, then you may give them a chance to enjoy Paros for a night. After all, you can stay on board and just relax. Nearby Naxos is one of the very few Greek Islands where the inhabitants can feed themselves. Its highest point is over 1,000 m so few places offer such extensive views over the Aegean. There is livestock farming on Naxos so it is a regular place for restocking the kitchen.
Ariva Yachting is happy to advise on what is available and even devise a bespoke itinerary if a group is chartering the whole yacht. The remote islands that you might want to visit include Amorgos, Donoussa, Folegandros, Iraklia, Kea Kythnos, Milos, Schinoussa, Serifos, Sifnos, Sikinos and Syros. There are over thirty that can be included on an itinerary and that does not include the uninhabited ones where you have the freedom to anchor simply because you have reasonable flexibility in your itinerary.
There will be last minute availability as well. As an experienced charter company, we understand the importance of service and you can expect a quick response to your enquiry and questions. The details of your holiday of a lifetime can be discussed so that everything from dietary requirements, to duration and itinerary can all be done well in advance. In addition, the whole region is well served by international airports with regular flights from most regions of Europe and beyond. If you want to be collected when you land and taken back to the airport at the end of the holiday, that is not a problem. After first touch with Ariva Yachting , your yacht charter holiday will be unforgettable.
A huge volcanic eruption formed the main island of Santorini which is surrounded by a series of smaller ones. The crater is a much-photographed setting, especially at sunset. There are stark colours to experience; the whitewashed buildings, the blue skies and multi-coloured cliffs and a vibrant nightlife.
Mykonos was named after Apollo’s grandson and has a town of the same name where 10,000 of the island’s population live. It is a beautiful island, very cosmopolitan and one of the most popular islands in the whole of the Aegean, offering luxury for those who want it, and lovely beaches where suntans develop in no time.
Legend has it that the Cyclades were formed in a circle around the sacred island of Delos when Poseidon, the God of the Sea, turned sea nymphs to stone because they upset him. Legend says it was the birthplace of Apollo and Artemis and even today it is regarded as a sacred island that is uninhabited but receives many visitors annually.
REASONS TO VISIT CYCLADES ISLANDS
- Warm Weather from Spring onwards
- Delicious Greek Cuisine
- Historical reminders of the Past
- Beautiful and Isolated Beaches
Speak to your Charter Broker
The climate in the Aegean is very predictable. There is day after day of sunny weather, and even when the sun goes down, temperatures are still high enough for you to wear T shirt and shorts. You would be very unlucky to get a shower, although perhaps that would be refreshing?
Greek is the language on these islands though English will be understood and spoken in popular tourist areas.
The Euro is the local currency
The Cyclades are one hour behind UK time all year round.
Fly to: There are two main airports in the Cyclades, Santorini and Mykonos. International visitors may also fly to Athens on the Greek Mainland as well as Turkish Airports, typically Adnan Menderes Izmir and Milas-Bodrum which have regular charters from throughout Europe during the many weeks of the holiday season. Yachting is then a popular way to see these islands. Flights from the UK average around 4 hours, depending on the choice of airport.
There are a limited number of top quality marina in Greek waters despite the huge popularity of yachting. That said, the harbours on the main islands have the facilities that ensure yachting is trouble-free. Ferry transport for locals and independent travellers mean that berthing facilities are widely available. The large islands such as Santorini, Mykonos, Naxos, Ios and Milos are certainly places that receive many yachts each year.
Luxury Yacht Charter Route and Itineraries from Cyclades Islands
Bio
WORD, and welcome! I’m media darling and national treasure Helmut VonSchmidt, beloved by 10’s of people! I am the whacky night guy and although I am the youngest member of the air staff I have been at KBER the longest, I know I am as confused as anyone!
I started here in July of 1992, and much like herpes, I won’t go away, no matter what kind of topical ointment is applied! If you haven’t noticed I will go for the cheap vulgar laugh, proof that I have found my true calling, nighttime radio chimp!
Join me Monday through Friday evenings from 6p-Midnight for “Helmut’s Wide World of Sports” , “The Rock and Roll Buffet ” where I throw down a true buffet of rock new and old (it’s not just a clever name kids), “Mandatory Metallica” (if I have to explain this one then you have issues), and lots of free poop (it’s free poop from me to you). That’s right I WILL bribe you to listen!
If you would like to chat with me for some reason, then hit my happy ass up!
Text me @ 801-570-KBERQ1 2018 Analysis
To continue reading...
Start a CRN Essential Subscription
Vendor, distributor and reseller executives are notoriously time-poor. CRN Essential cuts through the mass of information out there and focuses on what you need to help grow revenues, mitigate risks and control costs.
Subscribers receive:
- VAR 300: discover the identity of the UK's top 300 resellers by revenue
- STAFF & SALARY STUDY: compare your team-size and pay levels
- DaaS ADOPTION: learn what end-users really need
- MARKET STUDIES: cybersecurity, AV, comms and more – position your business for the next big opportunity
- WEEKLY EXECUTIVE BRIEFING: stay ahead of the latest market shifts
- REAL-TIME NEWS AND ANALYSIS: find out what’s happening across the industry and why – with full access to CRN
More on ResearchVerizon Wireless Customer Service is available to support you for 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and 365 days a year. So, you can call us anywhere, anytime whenever you require technical assistance. We're always here and wait to support you.
After Verizon Internet Service installation, you will get a welcome text to connect to the Tech Support Pro agent. The agent will perform assistance with the set-up of third-party devices. The expert's end is equipped with remote diagnostics tools for detecting and removing viruses and for improving the speed of a slow PC.
Our support areas include:
You find contact information of all the top companies on our website to get reliable and quick customer service.
Just browse Category/Service/Company section to find all the contact details of a company with whom you want to take a service from.
Here, you find numbers as well as emails, social media pages and contact forms to get in experts touch and to get customer care service instantly.
Plus, you get Verizon Wireless Customer Service in the following aspects:
1) Billing & Account:
2) Phone:
3) Internet:
4) TV:
5) Network and Security:
Contact on the toll-free Verizon Wireless Phone Number to get help with plans, queries, orders and so on.
The first attention of user goes to support sites, whenever he/she encounters any sort of technical issue with the Verizon product or services. No doubt, the official support is quite helpful for end users in order to fix their issues. But not always, it is successful in meeting the exact needs of end users. The most common complaints which they make is related to the delayed response from official support. To overcome this problem and offer quick & effective solution phone call solution provided by third-party customer support representatives is considered as very effective. Our techies with extensive Verizon knowledge, quality and professional approach to do business always offer genuine solutions to clients.
You can get help on other topics too as per your requirement. So, this is a golden opportunity to all of you to avail customer service at cost-effective rates.
How We Are Different?
Cybersecurity has emerged as a very critical concern nowadays. Today when a huge number of critical security information of the user is shared on the internet, then its protection from third-party interference becomes very essential. Protecting private and public information has always been our first priority. Also, we never share private information of the user to any third party agencies without the consent of the user.
For making communication with clients, we always use a secure channel that meets client's expectations. We, mostly use phone call support option, but in the case when the user is not able to get a solution on phone call, we also five remote support.
Hurry up! Come in contact with Verizon service representative by making a call on the Verizon Wireless Customer Service Phone Number. Here, you will get all the information about account login, email problems, Verizon prepaid phones, FIOS technical support, data plans, wireless plans and other offers. It's completely suited to your commercial as well as residential needs. Also, there's a different contact number for each department to provide a prompt solution to the problems of every customer. Verizon services are available for the TV remote control, phone plans, billing, wireless phone, wireless TV, TV channels and so on.Students may specialize in:
- Environmental engineering
- Geotechnical and materials engineering
- Structural engineering
- Transportation engineering
- Water resources engineering
Admission Requirements
Applicants apply for admission to the program via the Graduate School application for admission. Requirements listed here are in addition to Graduate Council policies listed under GCAC-300 Admissions.
Candidates should possess a baccalaureate degree from a regionally accredited institution. Students in engineering, physical sciences, or mathematics with a 3.00 grade-point average (on a 4.00 scale) may be considered for admission. Exceptions to the minimum 3.00 grade-point average may be made for students with special backgrounds, abilities, and interests. Students without a baccalaureate degree in engineering would be admitted on a provisional basis pending successful completion of entrance requirements (completed concurrently with degree requirements).
U.S. applicants will upload official transcripts from all post-secondary institutions attended, a statement of objectives, and three references for letters of recommendation when applying to the program. In addition, all applicants must submit scores from the General Graduate Record Examinations Aptitude Test (verbal, quantitative, and analytical). For the M.Eng. degree, the GRE requirement will be waived for students who have graduated with a degree from the College of Engineering at The Pennsylvania State University with a cumulative grade-point average of greater than 3.30.
The language of instruction at Penn State is English. English proficiency test scores (TOEFL/IELTS) may be required for international applicants. See GCAC-305 Admission Requirements for International Students for more information.
Application Deadlines
M.Eng.: Complete applications including required supplementary materials (e.g., official transcripts, reference letters) should be submitted by March 15th of the calendar year for admission in Fall semester. International students are strongly encouraged to submit complete applications early to allow sufficient time for visa processing.
M.S. and Ph.D.: Complete applications including required supplementary materials (e.g., official transcripts, reference letters) should be submitted by September 15th for admission in Spring semester and by December 15th for admission in Fall semester. International students are strongly encouraged to submit complete applications early to allow sufficient time for visa processing.
Degree Requirements
Master of Engineering (M.Eng.)
Requirements listed here are in addition to Graduate Council policies listed under GCAC-700 Professional Degree Requirements.
The M.Eng. degree is a non-thesis professional master's degree. The program provides training for advanced professional practice. A minimum of 31 credits (400, 500, or 800) of course work are required. At least 18 credits must be earned in graduate courses (500 level). At least 12 credits must be earned in courses with the CE prefix. At least 20 credits must be earned at an established graduate campus of the University. All students are required to take CE 835 to fulfill the requirement for a culminating experience. All students are required to take the 1-credit CE 590 and complete all requirements for Scholarship and Research Integrity (SARI) training. The M.Eng. degree is designed as a one-year master’s degree program and students are required to start their degree in the Fall semester. The preferred plan of study is as follows:
- Fall semester: Fifteen credits of course work plus one credit of CE 590
- Spring semester: Fifteen credits of course work, including CE 835
Students entering the M.Eng. degree must select and declare an area of specialization, where each area has specific core course requirements. The three areas of specialization are:
- Infrastructure
- Transportation Systems
- Water and Environment
Continuous registration is required for all M.Eng. students until the course requirements have been satisfied.
Master of Science (M.S.)
Requirements listed here are in addition to Graduate Council policies listed under GCAC-600 Research Degree Requirements.
The M.S. degree program is strongly oriented toward research. A thesis is required, and at least 6 credits of thesis research (CE 600 or CE 610) must be included in the candidate's academic course plan. A minimum of 31 credits at the 400, 500, 600, or 800 level are required, of which 20 must be earned at an established graduate campus of the University. A minimum of 24 credits of course work are required. A minimum of 12 credits of course work (400 and 500 level) must be completed in the major (courses prefixed CE). At least 18 credits in the 500 and 600 levels, combined, must be included in the program. Specific core courses are required depending on the specialization within the department. Students are not permitted to count audited credits toward the minimum credits required for the degree. All students are required to take the 1-credit CE 590 and complete all requirements for Scholarship and Research Integrity (SARI) training.
Continuous registration is required for all M.S. students until the thesis has been approved.
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.)
Requirements listed here are in addition to Graduate Council policies listed under GCAC-600 Research Degree Requirements.
Dual-Titles
Dual-Title M.Eng., M.S., and Ph.D. in Civil Engineering and Operations Research
Requirements listed here are in addition to requirements listed in GCAC-208 Dual-Title Graduate Degree Programs.
Admission Requirements
Students must apply and be admitted to the graduate program in Civil Civil Engineering, listed on the Degree Requirements tab. In addition, students must complete the degree requirements for the dual-title in Operations Research, listed on the Operations Research Bulletin page.
The qualifying examination committee for the dual-title Ph.D. degree will be composed of Graduate Faculty from Civil Engineering and must include at least one Graduate Faculty member from the Operations Research program. Faculty members who hold appointments in both programs’ Graduate Faculty may serve in a combined role. There will be a single qualifying examination, containing elements of both Civil a Civil Civil.
International applicants who wish to be considered for a teaching assistantship must present an acceptable score (250-300 or 55-60) on the Test of Spoken English (TSE). The TSE can be taken in many countries, or at Penn State after arrival. The Department offers a number of graduate fellows.
Civil Engineering (CE) Course ListFrannie Faith
Frannie Faith
Frannie Faith, singer-songwriter and certified yoga nidra teacher, brings meditation, mindfulness, and music together to open hearts and heal others. A lifelong meditator and professional performer, Faith has two CDs of original songs, Artist of the Heart and Bring Up The Vibration.
She has been singing her entire life and writing songs since she was a teenager. In her 20s, she landed the role of a country singer on the long-running television soap opera, As The World Turns, for which she wrote and performed more than 40 original songs. Since 1997, she has been organizing and performing in benefit concerts with her talented friends and family to raise money for various charities, including a concert for Buddhist monk Bhante Wimala’s humanitarian causes.
“Singing is my way of healing myself and others by connecting people to their hearts," Faith says. "With open hearts, we are free to be in our natural state of oneness with one another, nature, and our planet, tapping into inner peace, beauty, and joy.”
Frannie Faith also teaches meditation and relaxation techniques for stress reduction and for gaining self awareness, privately and in workshops.About this artwork
The Art Institute acquired The Two Disciples at the Tomb in 1906 after the canvas was declared “the most impressive and distinguished work of the season” at the museum’s annual exhibition of American painting and sculpture. At that time, Henry Ossawa Tanner was at the height of his reputation, enjoying international fame and winning prizes on both sides of the Atlantic. The son of an African American bishop, Tanner was raised in Philadelphia, where he studied with Thomas Eakins before working as an artist and photographer in Atlanta. Repelled by the racial prejudice he encountered in the United States, he chose to spend nearly all of his adult life in France.
Tanner’s early subjects included many scenes of African American life, but later he specialized in religious paintings. The Two Disciples at the Tomb is one of the most concentrated and austere of these works. The somber spirituality of the moment when two of Jesus’s followers realize that he has risen from the dead is conveyed by Tanner’s use of dark tones and compressed space and his avoidance of superfluous detail. Although the artist painted in a relatively conservative representational manner throughout his life, the sinuous lines and simplified, harsh modeling here suggest his awareness of Art Nouveau and Expressionist currents in contemporary European painting. Likewise, his emphasis on psychological rather than physical experience has many parallels in advanced art of the same period, including Pablo Picasso’s early work, such as The Old Guitarist, painted two years earlier.
On View
- American Art, Gallery 161
Artist
- Henry Ossawa Tanner
Title
- The Two Disciples at the Tomb
Origin
- Paris
Date
- 1901–1911
Medium
- Oil on canvas
Inscriptions
- Signed, lower left: "H.O. Tanner"
Dimensions
- 129.5 × 105.7 cm (51 × 41 7/8 in.)
Credit Line
- Robert A. Waller Fund
Reference Number
- 1906.300
Extended information about this artwork
Object information is a work in progress and may be updated as new research findings emerge. To help improve this record, please email .1. Open the graph
There are two approaches to opening a saved graph. Please refer to the article below for details.
2. Open Appearance Options
- Click Options from the graphing toolbar.
A dropdown menu appears.
- Click Appearance Options.
- Click the Title tab.
3. Modify the Graph Title
4. Click Save
The graph will refresh with the new title applied.Registered NPO - 117-592 - EST 2007
Anthony Hall, a former Drug squad (SANAB) and Murder and Robbery unit Detective went from a successful businessman to the park bench through alcohol and drugs.
Anthony founded R.A.E.L. on the 21st September 2007, and today he is a sought after motivational speaker, and co-founder with Karin Hall of RAEL - House of Davnik, Safe and Sober Living farm.
Additionally, he founded World Addiction Day on the 21st September 2009, and his life story was aired on television on the program 'Against all Odds' in August 2012.
Anthony has featured on various media and radio stations, including Carte Blanche and Special Assignment.
Anthony creates awareness against drug addiction and dealing country and world- wide, through the 'Orange Wave'which was founded in 2015.
ENCA Interview 21 September 2015 - Drug Abuse on the rise - World Addiction Day
June 2016 ENCA (etv) interview:
Being interview by ANN7 at the opening of South African Parliament : Newscast Feb 2016:
Below is the Klerksdorp wave November 2015.
Anthony has experienced both sides of the law, having arrested substance abusers in the past, to becoming an alcoholic /addict, and now devotes his time to helping people who struggle with addiction.
The House of Davnik has been established to assist those in recovery from addiction/alcoholism in a safe environment, and Anthony stays permanently on the sober farm, unless travelling to give talks.
In his motivational talks Anthony relates his life story to educate the youth, as well as parents, to remove the stigma attached to addiction.
Davnik is named in memory of David Dowlman and Nikki Wilkinson, close family and friend, who both died untimely deaths in their early years, due to substance abuse.
Owners: Anthony D Hall, Karin Hall
anthony.hall.35977Hi, my name is Dave and I love beer. Everything about beer. Drinking it, making it, reading about its history, pairing it with food, beer events and festivals, beer-cations, EVERYTHING! This blog focuses on my attempt to grow it. That’s right, GROW…
Living in a rural community my entire life I’ve always been around farms and enjoy watching a bare patch of soil transform from spring to summer and into fall. Spring brings in new green colour, and warm sun, summer sees the crops flourish, and fall brings the harvest season — which also happens to be a great beer drinking time! My rural farmland upbringing got me to thinking, “hey, beer is great, and brewing it is fun… what if you brewed a beer from stuff you grow?” and here we are.
I will attempt to grow my own beer and document all that goes along with the process. From sowing the barley, growing hops, malting, the beer making process, and all the little projects in between that make it possible. The end result being an Estate Ale grown right in my back yard.
Since growing things often involves a lot of hurry up and wait, as well as a lot of boring things like weeding, along the way I will wander off on other beery tangents. Beer is such a diverse topic and I happen to have some really great friends with their own views on beer, brewing and events, and we often get together with some great beers to talk about a subject near and dear to our hearts — BEER!
So I’ll just grab a glass of beer, put my boots on and get growing.
Cheers!
–DaveLCC provides a venue for the Y-Haven Theater Performances in which Y-Haven members write and star in the moving productions providing a look into the members life-journey.
Y-Haven provides transitional housing, recovery services, treatment for mental illness, educational training, vocational services and permanent housing placement to men who are homeless. Y-Haven aims to help men live free of drugs and alcohol, become self-sufficient and end their homelessness once and for all.
Y-Haven works closely with Cleveland Public Theater in the annual Y-Haven Theater Performance. For more information about Y-Haven click here.STRENGTH & CONDITIONING FOR REHABILITATION & ENDURANCE PERFORMANCE
Welcome to my Website. I'm Kriss Hendy - Coach, Educator & Mentor working with people passionate about Improving their Health, Developing their Sports Performance and Training with a Purpose.
I've been lucky enough to work with a wide range of clients from Professional Endurance Athletes to Rehabilitation Clients and everyone in-between.
My work centres around Improving Physical Weaknesses and Imbalances, whilst Building upon Existing Athletic Qualities. I can Guarantee that I will help you get the absolute most out of your Body through Developing Strength and Minimising Injury.
Alongside my wife, we deliver education and guidance through our business Strength For Endurance. We have a Training Studio located in Bath, UK, Online Strength Training Programs and a Virtual Training Studio, providing you with plenty of options for us to work together, wherever you are in the world.
iz Blatchford, Pro Triathlete
."
- Tim Berkel, Pro Triathlete
."
- Laura Siddall, Pro Triathlete
Having been involved Professionally in Strength Training and better Movement Practice for over a decade now, I pride myself on helping my clients to regain Optimal Movement, Reduce Pain and Achieve their Performance Goals.
Whether you are a Professional Athlete or you simply want to Improve the Quality of Everyday Life, I will help you Build upon existing Strengths and Develop your Weaknesses, meaning you get the most out of your body, whilst minimising Injury.
"Strength & Conditioning is a commonly overlooked area of training within the endurance community, where the sole focus is on the sport in question.
This may suffice in the short term but over time will prevent optimal performance, increase the risk of injury and reduce longevity within the sport."
@kriss_hendyCruise Lines
Defunct Cruise Lines
Other Ships
Carnival Ecstacy
{oziogallery 221}
Carnival Ecstasy is owned and operated by carnival cruise lines and was built at the Helsinki New Shipyard, in Finland.
The Ecstasy will provide a great introduction to cruising for the novice passenger Features include three pools, whirlpools, a variety of dining options, nightclubs, a casino, duty-free shopping. Beauty Salon & Barber Shop Fully equipped /Spa & Health Club Jogging Track (1/8 mile) Shopping at the Galleria Mall Children's Program - 2 Playrooms Lots of onboard games & activities like Ping Pong, Shuffleboard, putting competitions & more.
The ship suffered heavy damage in 1998 after the laundry room in the ship's stern caught fire damaging much of her stern and aft section, the cause of the fire which is thought to have started in the ventilation system was probably started by members of the crew who had been welding in the area.
The carnival Ecstasy was also part of the relief effort during the aftermath of hurricane Katrina and spent six months in new Orleans serving as living quarters for evacuees and aid workers.Shortly after in 2009 The ship was upgraded which included refurnishing of all the staterooms, new children's facilities and a mini golf course was also added.
Onboard Entertainment and Facilities
Ship Specifications
Ecstacy Review's
Featured Links
Infamous Captain's
Captain E.J. Smith - captain of the RMS Titanic died when the ship hit an iceburg and sank in 1912.
- was the negligent captain of the Exxon Valdez during its 1989 oil spill.
Edward Teach (Blackbeard) - was the notorious English pirate captain of the Queen anne's Revenge, killed in battle 1718
Francesco Schettino - Captain of the Costa Concordia at the time when she ran aground and partially sank on the night of 13 January 2012 near Isola del Giglio, Tuscany, Italy.
David Lewry - was the Captain of the herald of free enterprise car ferry which capsized on the 6 March 1987 after leaving the Belgian port of Zeebrugge with her bow doors still open, causing the deaths of 193 people.
Mauro Balomaga - was the captain of the MV Rena container ship that ran aground near Tauranga, New Zealand On 5 October 2011 resulting in an oil spill and 88 of her containers to fall in to the sea,the captain was jailed for 7 months for his part in the disaster.
Captain James Hook - is a fictional character from the popular novel and movie peter pan, known for wearing a hook after his right hand was eaten by a crocodile.Sir Anthony van Dyck (1599-1641) was probably the finest portrait painter of his time and was considered by many of his contemporaries to be the greatest portraitist since the Renaissance`s Titian.
His shimmering representations of England`s Charles I and other great 17th Century princes were the stars of the grand Van Dyck show at Washington`s National Gallery this spring.
Yet technical perfection is not necessarily accuracy. Van Dyck was a courtier, a chaser of patrons and commissions, and he wielded his brush as much as flatterer as master painter.
The Van Dyck who was more purely the artist-prize student of Flanders`
Peter Paul Rubens-is perhaps more evident in his exquisite and very dramatic drawings, 91 of which were lovingly installed in the main exhibition hall of New York`s Pierpont Morgan Library in February.
Without the embellishments of flattery, his peerless draftsmanship, evident enough in his polished portraits, becomes marvelous in its own right, even in works as sketchy and tentative as his studies for his 1621 ''The Brazen Serpent,'' a biblical scene rendered far more viscerally by Van Dyck than by his mentor Rubens in a more beatific work of the same name.
Scholars over the centuries, while in awe of his portraiture, have found fault with the composition and design of some of his religious and historic tableaux-notably in his creations for tapestries and church decor.
But there is a life and vigor and intimacy in them that bring us closer to the artist at his sketching table, that enable us to share in his vision and understand a little of the mind that so deftly moved the hand.
The rough strokes and bold lines in his drawing studies for ''The Adoration of the Shepherds'' convey a passion that seems rather to have been cleansed from the finished canvas.
This difference is less dramatic in his preparatory sketches for portraits, but still discernible. Without the veneer of finished oil, Charles I seems less grand and noble and far more human and sympathetic rendered in humble black chalk on paper.
''A Woman Looking Up,'' a detail of his 1634 Christ picture ''The Lamentation,'' expresses far more spirituality as a solitary figure produced with a few lines of black and white chalk on blue paper than as an extra on the more elaborate stage created with oil.
The muscles of humans and horses ripple and flex in his drawings. In Van Dyck`s oils, for all their luminescent beauty, the figures and bodywork are more like marble carvings. Magnificent, but so perfect. His paintings adore their subjects. His drawings physically embrace them.
The son of a wealthy Antwerp merchant, Van Dyck was not only Rubens`
shining pupil but also an admired artist in his own right by the age of 21. His fame and fortune grew rapidly. He was knighted and made ''principalle Paynter in ordinary to their (British) Majesties'' in 1632 at age 33, and sought after by royals and great personages throughout Europe.
Ill for months, unable to complete such commissions as a portrait of the infamous Cardinal Richielieu-his English career doomed at all events by the rise of Cromwell and the Puritan revolution-Van Dyck abandoned the refuge of the continent to die in England in 1641, just 42 years old.
Giovan Pietro Bellori, a contemporary and admirer, observed: ''In addition to all that has been said of the habits of this artist, he was good, honest, noble and generous.''
This seems abundantly manifest in these lovely drawings, which find a perfect setting in the amber marble of the Morgan.
The works in this exhibition were drawn from a number of famous collections, including those of the British Museum, the Louvre and Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris, and museums in Rotterdam, Vienna and Berlin.
The show closes at the Morgan Sunday. But it will reopen at the Kimball Art Museum in Ft. Worth on June 1 and remain on view through Aug. 11.
- New York`s Frick Collection on upper 5th Avenue is rapidly becoming an exhibition rival of the Morgan`s, and has just scored a considerable coup-courtesy of the generosity of the Art Institute of Chicago.
About 60 of the Art Institute`s most recently acquired drawings-a haul of artistic treasure that includes works by Gainsborough, Gericault, Monet, Renoir and Delacroix, as well as lesser known pieces such as H.G. Ibels`
''Lovers in an Arbor,'' Eugene Lami`s panorama ''Ceremonies Upon the Return of the Ashes of Napoleon'' and a romantic landscape by Victor Hugo-will receive their American premiere not in Chicago but at the Frick, beginning Tuesday.
As the Frick noted in grateful homage: ''Established in 1911, the Art Institute`s Department of Prints and Drawings has one of the country`s largest and most distinguished collections of graphic art.
Yet the general public outside Chicago has had few opportunities to view these treasures, which accumulate at an impressive rate. The last New York exhibition of its drawings was held in 1963.''
The show leaves the Frick July 7, and will go on view in Chicago in September.A Pagan biker gang kidnapped him, the businessman claimed. The FBI didn’t buy it.
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post
When Larry Price Jr.’s wife reported him missing in the early morning hours of April 18, the disappearance set off a massive search. Helicopters, canine teams and investigators at the state and federal level scoured the state of Virginia for Price, a 38-year-old Bluefield businessman with ties to the coal, restaurant and motorcycle industries.
Subscribe to the Post Most newsletter: Today’s most popular stories on The Washington Post
It didn’t take long to find him. That night, a driver spotted Price on the side of the road near Gratton, Va. When he was taken to the hospital and interviewed by a detective, Price told a terrifying tale of an abduction at gunpoint, according to an FBI affidavit. Two strangers, Price claimed, kidnapped him, held him against his will and stole his keys and 9mm pistol before tossing him out of a van and onto the street where he was found.
FBI agents expressed skepticism, in part because there seemed to be nothing to corroborate the story.
So they questioned him again. This time he came up with a new story, according to the affidavit. Price said the dramatic abduction actually stemmed from his relationship with members of a Pagan motorcycle gang, who drugged and kidnapped him.
Weeks later, federal agents would uncover what they say is the truth: The kidnapping was a lie. “Price was, in fact, consensually with another person during the time period he claimed to be kidnapped,” federal authorities said Tuesday. He had run off with a woman, and was staying with her the day he went missing.
Price was taken into federal custody in Virginia last week and charged with “knowingly and willfully” making false statements to authorities. He remains in custody in lieu of a $500,000 bond. His lawyers did not immediately respond to inquiries from The Washington Post. Price has not filed a plea.
The arrest attracted interest on the opposite end of the country. Price, it turns out, owns the largest house ever built in Billings, Mont., a 10-bedroom, three-story mansion and property with a market value of $10.5 million, the Billings Gazette reported, citing the Montana Department of Revenue. The sprawling, 26,000-square-foot house resembles a castle and includes 15 full bathrooms, a $43,000 home theater, an indoor shooting range, two bowling lanes, an eight-car garage, elevators and a total of three swimming pools.
When a builder laid the mansion’s foundation in 2014, he described it as a “masterpiece.” The Gazette called it a “really, really big house.” A city official said he had never seen anything like it. At the time, the family behind the mansion remained anonymous, a mystery to those who drove by the colossal home. And it has never been occupied.
According to The Gazette, Price was buried in debt. He owed $11 million to a Wyoming company called Three Blind Mice, as well as to two Montana doctors and a Billings entrepreneur.
Yet on the day he was found on the side of the road in Bluefield last month, his front jeans pocket was loaded with cash — $3,774.49, according to the affidavit. His white Mercedes with a Montana license plate was found at a nearby Park and Ride.
After Price had left the hospital, FBI agents interviewed him and his wife, Amy, in their Bluefield home. Price told the alleged tale that he was kidnapped by a man who wanted to talk about a motorcycle he was selling. The motorcycle owner and another man forced him at gunpoint into a white work van with no windows or seats, he claimed. He said the men forced him to hand over his pistol, his knife and a cellphone but allowed him to keep a “couple thousand” dollars in his pocket, according to the FBI affidavit.
One of the men, he told agents, put a damp rag on his face, burning his skin and making him feel disoriented. He claimed they made him sit on the floor of the dark van in silence and at one point drove up to Hawg Pit Cycle, a motorcycle shop Price owns in West Virginia. The men may have robbed the store, Price claimed, but said there was no video surveillance system that could have captured the break-in.
But when agents checked, they found there was indeed a security video system at Hawg Pit. The footage showed no sign of any white van, robbery or other disturbance at the business.
“Everything I told you is 100% true,” Price told authorities, according to the affidavit. He claimed he thought the kidnapping may have been because he owed someone money. Asked to whom he owed money, Price said maybe he should “plead the 5th.” Finally, Price admitted he had not told everything. He said he thought it best just to say “that he made it all up, he needed to clear his head, and say he disappeared on his own,” a federal agent wrote in the complaint.
The agents had checked his phone and found a “significant amount” of contact with a woman other than his wife on the day he disappeared, according to the affidavit. Price explained the woman managed a restaurant he owned, and denied having an affair.
Price persisted with an alternative story, according to the FBI document.
He claimed the abduction was linked to his friendship with the former president of the West Virginia Pagans, who had asked him for access to coal train information associated with Price’s coal business to help them facilitate the transport of methamphetamine. He described a meeting he said took place at a local restaurant with members of the gang, and insisted that he was drugged and taken to an unknown location.
“Price said that he told them that he had legal troubles and wanted the Pagans to understand it would be best to sever their relationship,” the affidavit read.
But security footage showed no such meeting. A screening at the hospital indicated that Price had no drugs in his system, and his alcohol level was less than .01 percent.
The authorities questioned the woman, who said she considered Price a close friend from high school with whom she experienced “occasional intimacy.” Since the beginning of this year, she said, she and Price had discussed “wanting to disappear.”
She told agents they began looking at rental properties in Bluefield, and settled on a place next door to her father’s home on Gratton Road. On the night Price vanished, the woman drove to Walmart to buy Red Bull, Coke, chips, socks, underwear, towels and a new cellphone for Price — all things he would need to start his new life with her. She took his old phone and threw it out the window of her car, she told the agents, according to the affidavit.
Investigators later found Price’s pistol, knife and phone at the woman’s house. The location where Price was found on the side of the road, authorities discovered, was only two miles from the Gratton Road home where he planned to live with the woman.
Oh and that “really, really big house” back in Montana? It was possessed by the attorney for the company to whom Price owed millions of dollars, KTVQ reported. The mansion went on the market Monday. The asking price is $17 million.
Price is awaiting a hearing.Monfils was playing Jan-Lennard Struff last night, and had a return shot where he went horizonatal...literally. Explaining it doesn't do much justice so the video will have to do. Gael has been making the best of his time at Roland Garros as he was at the center of an epic dance battle with fellow Frenchmen Laurent Lokoki. Keep an eye out for Monfils the rest of this French Open, as clearly he's always where the action is.
RELATED: Nike Unveils the 2014 French Open Apparel and Footwear Collection
RELATED: Milos Raonic Becomes First Player To Sign With New Balance TennisWrite a Perfect Long Answer For B.ed Exams- Are you wandering for How to write the perfect long answer in B.ed exams then you are in the right place. In this post, I will show you some important tips that will help you to write a perfect long answer for your b.ed examination. Bachelor in Education (B.ed) is not a simple course like others but it enables students to be a good teacher in the future. In this course, you have to write the things which you think about it no matter what is written in the books. Make sure to read this blog carefully if you want to write a perfect long answer in B.ed exams.
The Best Tips Write a Long Answer for B.ed Examination
Writing a long answer for any examination it could be a theory paper or a practical paper, it is difficult to come up with different ideas which could be fit for the answer. I know it is not difficult to write an answer especially theory but one thing you need to know that is the reading. I urge you to read before you going to write something. Make some important points that you are going to project in your answer.
Top 10 tips to write a perfect answer in English for board exams
Here are some tips that help you to write a perfect answer in English for Any exams.
- Practice Previous Year Questions
- Take 5-10 minutes to understand the instructions
- Manage Your Time
- Don't Write Everything You Know
- Write Up to Mark
- Perfectly structure your answer
- Use Simple language
- Do not use the contraction
- Use single words/Avoid the long phrase
- Do not write spoken language
1- Practice Previous Year Questions
There is no better way to get ready for your exam by practicing previous year questions. By practicing past year questions, it enables a student to understand the question paper as well as the structure of the questions. This is not about preparing for an answer but it is about how you approach an answer.
2-Take 5-10 Minutes to understand the instructions
In most of the exams, they will give 5 to 10 minutes to read the instructions. Before going for the answer read all the questions carefully no matter what the questions are. You need to have the patience to read all the questions within 5 or 10 minutes.
Read- Creative Teaching aids for science students
Read- Creative Teaching aids for science students
3-Manage You Time
It is very difficult to manage your time at the exam center but you need to prepare yourself in such a way that everything could be like a pinch of dust. Prepare yourself according to the questions pattern.
4-Do not write everything you know
Students generally panic during the exams they write everything they know. It is not because of their fault but they got different advice from different people. Some people said that if you write a long answer that could be good for your answer to looks professional. I urge you to write strategically like first write the meaning or definition of the topic, then go for the body and conclusion.
5-Write up to Mark
Read all the questions carefully before going to write a good answer. Do not write besides the topic, write what the question is about. Some people thought that the longer you write the more score you will get that is absolutely wrong. Takes, for example, Q- What do you mean by air pollution? you do not need to write about the characteristic of the air pollutions.
6-Perfectly structure your answer
Take your time to write the answer but do not jump into writing the answer think over it. Which question will take less time to write which are not? A structure according to your ability and competence. Usually, there are 3 points that everyone knows about it that are Introduction, the body of the topic and conclusion.
7-Use Simple Language
Students should understand the difference between spoken language and written language. Students usually write what they think and utter in the examination like:
Incorrect- There was like lots of awesome stuff made before the factory closed.
Correct- Before it closed the factory manufactured a large variety of popular goods.
8-Do not use the contraction
Students like to answer whatever they thinking in the concerned time. But that was not the way to write an answer. Do not use words like shouldn't, wouldn't, can't, don't etc use the full form like do not, can not, would not etc.
Read- 9 best lesson plan cover for b.ed students
Read- 9 best lesson plan cover for b.ed students
9-Use Singer Words/Avoid Long Phrase
Whenever you write an answer avoid using active voice and passive voice because it looks fancy. Do not try to exaggerate your answer by adding The, Even, etc.
10-Do not write spoken language
Do not use spoken language like stuff, etc, lol. Use full form and good language. Students usually like to write in their way what they think but that not the case. You have to write systematically steps by steps pointwise.
10 Tips to write a perfect long answer in B.ed examination
In this post, I will show you the 10 best tips to write a perfect long answer for b.ed exams. Here is the sample
- Introduction
- Meaning of the topic
- Aims & Objectives
- Characteristics
- Diagram/Picture
- Advantages and Disadvantages
- Curriculum
- Method of Teaching
- Application
- Conclusion
1- Introduction
Write a simple introduction about the topic make sure to not using the bombastic word in your sentence because it will make a reader confused. The introduction must be simple and strict to the topic provided by the examination sheet.
2- Meaning of the Topic
Make sure to write down the meaning of the topic or write down some definition given by different educationalist, scientist etc. Although it will make an answer rich by adding a statement to it. Make sure to add the etymology of the topic or word. It gives an answer rich and details outlook.
3-Aims and Objectives
This portion is an important part of every answer that you will write in the examination, especially for B.ed students. Because it creates a significant amount of trust to the examiner whoever is going to examine your answer. Every topic has its own aims and objectives it could be different from others but you must add aims and objectives to your answer sheet.
4-Characteristics of the topic
It is also an important aspect of a long answer. After writing the aims and objective you must add the basic characteristics of the concern topic. For instance, is it flexible or not, is it good for students or not etc. I would suggest you read the books before making any notes.
5-Diagram and Picture
Diagram and picture will be the center of attraction. Whenever a reader go through your answer and he/she will find an amazing diagram or chart then that would be a great experience. As long as you add some special effect to your answer you will be benefited from this.
6-Advantage and Disadvantages
Everything has its own advantages and disadvantages. Make sure to add some bullet point whenever you write your answer because it enriches the answer. Writing advantages of a particular person, idea or theory is not a big deal whatever you know about the topic just write it down.
7-Curriculum
After writing all those points you need to add this point to your answer sheet. In other words, curriculum means syllabus. what should be the curriculum for your answer. For Example
- Social Study
- All School Subjects
- Music/Art/Drama
- Vocational Education/Science
8-Application
Apart from all those important points what students can apply after getting all the knowledge and information. How a person apply those things into their real life? for example by doing social work, or by making something, seminars, plain etc.
9- Method of Teaching
It is used by a teacher to enable students learning. It focuses on strategies based on the topic. It could be teacher centric or students centric. In which way a teacher should teach to his students. For example
- Project Method
- Discovery Method
- Experiment Method
- Flexible and dynamic method etc.
10- Conclusion
This is one of the crucial parts of a long answer. You have to summarize the topic into some lines. You can also be called the summary of the answer. Some people say that the conclusion should be their own opinion about the topic. Both are correct if you want to express yourself by adding your viewpoint than that's ok but if you want to just summarize your above point then that could be ok.Item Details [microform]
Villegas, Alonso de; Heigham, John; Ribadeneyra, Pedro de
- Format
- EBook; Book; Microform; Online
- Published
- [Saint-Omer : C. Boscard], Anno 1621.
- Edition
- The second edition, set forth by Iohn Heigham, more correct, and more exact then the former
- Language
- Uniform Title
- Flos Sanctorum English
- Variant Title
- Flos sanctorum. English
- Lives of saints.
- Series
- Early English Books, 1475-1640
- Description
- [8], 1054, [2] p.
- Notes
- An edition of: Villegas, Alonso de. Flos sanctorum.
- Many pages misnumbered; text is continuous.
- Printer's name and place of publication from STC.
- Reproduction of the original in the Bodleian Library.
- Reproduction Notes
- Microfilm. Ann Arbor, Mich.: University Microfilms International, 1985. 1 microfilm reel; 35 mm (Early English books, 1475-1640; 1697:03).
- Series Statement
- Early English books, 1475-1640 ; 1697:3
- Other Forms
- Also available online.
- Cited in
- STC (2nd ed.) 24731. h| [microform]a| Microfilm. b| Ann Arbor, Mich.: University Microfilms International, d| 1985. e| 1 microfilm reel; 35 mm f| (Early English books, 1475-1640; 1697:03).u|
▾See more
▴See lessPresented keep kids and adults active. A 4 car heated garage plus an additional 2 car garage is perfect for lawn equipment or toys.
Our LocationImagine a day when Route 80 is demolished, its exit and entrance ramps destroyed, and its ribbon of real estate given back to the dozens of New Jersey towns it now bisects.
Sound farfetched?
That's exactly what happened to the Morris Canal — a 102-mile stretch of water that weaved through North Jersey and was the main mode of transportation for goods, especially coal and iron ore, headed to New York.
The canal’s demise ended a distinct way of life for the families who worked and lived along the watery thoroughfare. Over time, much of the canal’s footprint was obliterated by new housing, highways and office parks.
Yet, incredibly, snippets of the Morris Canal survived.
Now, one by one, those disjointed sections are being retrieved from obscurity and restored by individuals and small groups with a passion for history.
A 100 year history of the Morris Canal. How it started and how it operated. Chris Pedota/NorthJersey.com
The goal is to stitch these canal remnants into the Morris Canal Greenway, a ribbon of hiking and biking parks across six New Jersey counties that would celebrate an intriguing, overlooked chapter in the state's history.
“The Morris Canal was once an economic engine for this region, and it has the potential to do that again, in a different way,” said Ted Ritter, a special projects manager with the North Jersey Transportation Planning Authority.
The agency recently awarded a $300,000 contract to develop an inventory of each parcel’s owner along the former canal route, map each segment, and assess which portions could be restored as a greenway.
“We want to support walking and biking as healthy, alternative forms of transportation — and as green transportation,” said David Behrend, the agency’s director of government affairs, explaining its interest in the canal route.
“We’re well on our way to creating a truly regional asset that can serve as a recreation and transportation resource for hundreds of thousands of people across North Jersey,” he said.
But steep hurdles remain.
“The largest problem is to knit it into a single concept, and bring some pieces into public ownership,” said Joe Macasek, president of the Canal Society of New Jersey, which works to resurrect the canal’s history.
“The Morris Canal did for North Jersey what the Erie Canal did for New York,” said Macasek. “Without it, North Jersey would have been a backwater.”
Around 1820, while fishing on Lake Hopatcong — then called Great Pond — Morristown entrepreneur George Macculloch surveyed the expanse of water and contemplated its latent power.
Macculloch figured that, with gravity’s help, the lake could be the prime water source for a canal across New Jersey, from the Delaware River to Newark.
With the lake at the canal’s high point, water would flow down the canal’s western section to the Delaware River at Phillipsburg, and down the eastern section to Newark. Periodic locks would raise canal boats through the Highlands and back down into the lowlands.
At the time, the only way to transport goods was in small wagons pulled by horses over treacherous roads.
A canal boat could carry far more — and do it faster. The canal would be a watery precursor to Route 80.
“The boats traveled 3 miles per hour,” Macasek said. “It sounds absurdly slow today, but back then the idea of moving 70 tons of material 102 miles in five days was incredible,” he said.
Power for the canal boats was provided by hitching up a pair of mules that walked along a path that ran the length of the waterway.
The mules were strong enough to haul the coal — a new energy source for homes, forges and factories — from remote Pennsylvania to businesses across North Jersey and major markets in Newark, Jersey City and New York. The boats also carried North Jersey iron ore.
Macculloch was raised in Bombay, where his Scottish father worked for the East India Company. When his father was poisoned, George was shipped home to Scotland. He eventually met his wife in London, and they moved across the pond to New Jersey.
His Federal-style home, built in Morristown in 1810, is now a museum. In 1820, Macculloch was the first person to record planting a tomato in New Jersey.
Two years later he invited investors to Morristown to discuss his canal proposal. By 1824, the Morris Canal and Banking Company had raised more than enough capital to cover canal construction. Ultimately the canal would cost $2.4 million to build, nearly three times the original estimate.
The company hired more than a thousand men, mostly Irish and Italian immigrants, to dig the canal bed.
“The canal was dug by guys with shovels,” said Macasek.
The ditch was about 5 feet deep. It was 25 feet wide at the bottom and broadened to 40 feet wide at the top.
The company built a new dam at Lake Hopatcong to raise the lake level an additional 5 feet. By 1831, the canal was operating.
Though a successful entrepreneur, Macculloch wasn’t as adept at gauging elevation. He figured Lake Hopatcong was only 460 feet above sea level. But a canal survey determined it was at 914 feet.
So the Morris Canal would need to move boats up and down the largest elevation shifts of any canal in the world. A lock could raise or lower a boat only about 10 feet. It would be too costly — and slow — to move boats vertically more than 900 feet using only locks.
The canal required something more.
The solution, an inclined plane, had not been used to any great extent on a canal before.
Inclined planes were earthen ramps connecting a lower portion of canal to one as much as 100 feet higher. When a canal boat approached a plane, it floated into a large wooden cradle car waiting half-submerged in the water. The cradle car had metal wheels that sat on railroad-style tracks.
Cables pulled the cradle car — with the canal boat resting inside — out of the water and up the plane. At the top, the canal boat slid out of the cradle car into the water of the next section of canal and continued on its way. Canal boats coming in the opposite direction descended the same way.
The 2-inch-diameter iron cables that pulled the cradle cars were manufactured by J.A. Roebling and Sons, which made the Brooklyn Bridge cables. The canal cables were pulled by a turbine powered by water diverted from each upper section of canal by a flume.
“The inclined plane was basically a huge water-powered machine,” Macasek said.
It took the apparatus 10 minutes to pull a canal boat up 100 feet to the next level. It would have taken 10 locks — and far more water — 2½ hours to do the same thing.
In all, there were 23 inclined planes and 23 lift locks along the canal.
Another problem was finding water for the canal. Officials realized Lake Hopatcong would not be sufficient.
So in 1837, the 5-mile-long Pompton Feeder was constructed, sending water from the Pompton River to the main canal at Mountain View in Wayne.
Water was a vital source of power in that era, so the feeder project sparked a legal battle.
Paterson mill owners considered it a threat, and argued that the Society for Establishing Useful Manufactures held the rights to all water reaching the Great Falls on the Passaic River. Since the Pompton River was a tributary of the Passaic, mill owners worried the feeder would reduce flow in the Passaic and they would have less water for their mills.
The court sided with the canal company.
The Pompton Feeder not only provided more water for the Morris Canal — it extended the canal’s reach to North Jersey iron ore furnaces.
For most of its life, the Morris Canal struggled financially. But North Jersey businesses and communities along its banks thrived.
The amount of material hauled by canal boats increased from 60,000 tons in 1845 to nearly 900,000 tons by 1866. The decade from 1860 to 1870 was the canal’s only prosperous one, aided by the Union’s transportation needs during the Civil War.
Soon after, railroads grabbed business from the canal. Railroads were faster, carried more material, and operated 24 hours, all year. It took a canal boat five days to travel from Phillipsburg to Jersey City, and the canal didn’t operate at night or in winter.
By 1922, plans were drawn up to abandon the canal, and it shut down in 1924.
“Like any public transportation project, everybody used the Morris Canal and it was a tremendous asset to the communities along its path,” said Macasek. “But it was not financially successful because technology in the 1800s moved so quickly.
“The canal took us forward a great leap from the era of wood as fuel,” he said. “The name of the technology changes, but the stories are the same. New technology provided cheap transportation and helped the economy lurch forward.”
Story continues below map
The state sold off some canal property and transferred the canal right-of-way to towns. Some towns signed over their sections to railroads. Locks were drained and buried. Workers threw metal parts and stonework from inclined planes into the stone shafts that housed the turbines that had pulled the cables.
“The canal had become an inconvenience, so they filled it in,” Macasek said.
Development and new infrastructure wiped away large swaths of the canal. Soon bushes and trees obscured the rest.
But some of the canal footprint remains, reflected in newer infrastructure. Newark’s light rail tracks follow the canal footprint, and the city’s Raymond Boulevard follows the slope of a former inclined plane.
In Bloomfield, John F. Kennedy Boulevard uses the canal route, rising along another inclined plane.
Traces of the canal bed still run through the Upper Montclair Country Club golf course.
In Clifton, the Garden State Parkway follows the canal route between Routes 3 and 46. Route 19 does the same. In Paterson, Route 80 curls around Garret Mountain along the old canal route. Wilmore Road in Little Falls mirrors the old canal, as does Boonton Turnpike in Lincoln Park.
Though thousands of wooden canal boats operated on the Morris Canal, none was known to have survived.
Then Superstorm Sandy hit.
Many shore homes were ruined by Sandy’s storm surge in 2012. To protect homes from future flooding, some were elevated. When workers raised one narrow home in the Monmouth County borough of Highlands, they exposed the foundation, which looked surprisingly like an old wooden boat.
Archeologists were called in, and they concluded it was a boat from the Morris Canal.
Canal boats were nearly 90 feet long and 10½ feet wide, and could carry up to 70 tons of coal. Built as two sections, they were hinged in the middle, so they could navigate the angle at the top of an inclined plane.
To get the historic boat from under the house, the bow was moved intact and the hull cut into sections. Eileen Scanlon, the homeowner, donated the relic to the Canal Society of New Jersey, which has worked for decades to revive the canal’s storied history.
The group has a small museum of artifacts at Waterloo Village, a state park and old canal hamlet in Sussex County. State officials let the society use a Victorian-era carriage house there to display the canal boat.
Then came the hard part.
One day last fall, volunteers used a forklift to stack pieces of the old boat on a flatbed truck. Because Highland’s streets are narrow, the flatbed couldn’t park near the house, so the forklift made multiple trips across the sand and through the streets. Once the truck rolled into Waterloo Village, the sections of boat were unloaded and carried by hand into the carriage house.
Last came the bow. Volunteers angled it this way and that, but discovered it was too wide for the entrance. One volunteer, wielding a Sawzall, cut the bow in half.
“They had to do some skillful surgery,” said Macasek.
Then, using a block, tackle and rollers, volunteers maneuvered the sections through the door.
The pieces were reassembled, and the canal society installed a display around the boat.
“I’m surprised when people don’t say, ‘What is that piece of junk?’ ” Macasek said. “But they are generally fascinated by it. This is the only surviving Morris Canal boat we know of.”
When the Morris Canal died, so did the culture and lifestyle that had grown around it.
People were born on the canal and baptized in the canal. They played by the canal and died in the canal.
Because it took five days to cover the route, boat captains often brought their families along, stopping for supplies at general stores in hamlets that lined the canal's banks.
One of those stores still stands at the canal’s edge in Waterloo Village in Byram Township, Sussex County. Inside, a concave groove is worn into a pillar where boat captains, warming by the fire, rested their boot heels.
The boats had two feed boxes across the middle of the deck that held oats — the boat's gas tank, in essence — for the mules that towed the boat along the canal. At a time before refrigeration, the oats also provided insulation to preserve fresh food.
Some dishes became canal boat favorites, though they wouldn’t appeal to today’s culinary palate. There was dough dab, and pork float, and lard gravy. One treat was called hunks-a-go pudding — batter cooked in hot grease from a beef roast.
Each boat had a 10-foot-square cabin.
People who traveled the Morris Canal talk about their experiences while their relatives and others share some canal history. Chris Pedota/NorthJersey.com
Isabelle Lenstrohm Mann was born in the cabin of her father’s boat in 1898, near Port Colden, in Warren County. Her father, Peter Lenstrohm, had taken his wife along because he didn’t want her alone at home so close to her due date. They were trying to get back to her doctor in Phillipsburg, but little Isabelle didn’t wait. The wife of another boat captain helped deliver Isabelle.
Mann, interviewed in the 1970s by her son-in-law, James Lee, for his book “Tales the Boatmen Told,” recalled watching workers load her father’s canal boat with coal at Phillipsburg.
“We would get awful dirty from the dust,” she said, “and we would have to keep it off the place where we walked on the boat.”
Besides coal, Mann remembered hauling lumber, sawdust, ice, manure and kegs of nails. The sawdust went to ice houses. Horse manure from city streets went to farms as fertilizer. Once, Mann’s dad hauled several heavy wood containers from Jersey City filled with Rough on Rats, a rodent poison.
Until she was 14, Isabelle Lenstrohm walked the towpath alongside the canal, guiding two mules that tugged her father’s boat at 3 miles per hour.
“There were always a lot of snakes that ran across the towpath,” Mann told her son-in-law. “The mules were afraid of them and would jump back or forward, and step on our feet.”
Without her as a guide, the mules would have stopped to eat whatever grew along the towpath. At day’s end, Mann brushed the sweat from their backs.
“It was not a glamorous life, but she didn’t recall going hungry,” said James Lee Jr., Mann’s grandson.
Article continues after audio
Parents tethered children to the boat’s deck so they wouldn’t fall overboard. Isabelle Mann once saw a lock tender’s child fall between the boat and a lock near Stanhope. He was crushed to death. Others drowned.
Still, the canal provided recreation for children living along its path. They fished in it, swam in it, skated on it.
Some kids had mischievous fun. While swimming, they would grab the rudder of a passing boat, making it impossible for the captain to steer.
When that happened to tobacco chewer Peter Lenstrohm, he got “a whole mouth full of juice and then he would squirt it right down in their face,” Isabelle Mann recalled. The children would “leave go of the rudder.”
Near Market Street in Newark, Mann said, people threw tomatoes onto the boats.
To entertain themselves when tied up in a canal basin for the night, boat captains and their families played ditties on fiddles, banjos and the squeezebox. One of them went: “Oh, you rusty old canaler, you think you’re mighty nice, standing by the tiller blade, picking off the lice. Psssssst.”
To give a lock tender advance warning of their approach, some boat captains blew into a tin horn. Others used conch shells. Jim Lee Jr. still has Peter Lenstrohm’s conch shell.
“He painted it with buttermilk and ocher paint,” Lee said. “The conch produces a long low tone, like a bugle or trumpet. It’s similar to a shofar.”
Lee Jr.’s father bought a plane tender’s house near Stewartsville in Warren County after World War II, and that’s where Lee Jr. grew up. He and his son, James Lee III, operate a small museum at the tender’s house filled with canal artifacts found on the property.
One recent day, Lee Jr. agreed to take the conch shell outside. He stood on the inclined plane and blew several times. The conch emitted a raspy toot that echoed off the surrounding hills.
The small villages along the canal served the boatmen's every need, just as strip malls at highway exits do today.
“The Morris Canal was the infrastructure that allowed northern New Jersey to develop,” Lee Jr. said. “Towns and villages sprang up, places like Rockaway and Wharton and Bloomfield.”
Clifton was mostly farmland in the early 1900s, but a small village grew up around a canal boat basin where Broad Street and Van Houten Avenue meet today.
The village, called Centerville, included a blacksmith shop and general store. Best known was the Centerville Hotel, built around 1832 by Joseph (Josie) Van Winkle, a local Dutch farmer. By century’s end, it had a cupola and a wraparound porch with Victorian embellishments. Boatmen called it Cheap Josie’s.
One local history said it was so named because the owner “for years conducted a wide open house" and sold "wet goods at ruinous rates.”
In 1932 the hotel was destroyed by a fire that forced several chorus girls to leap for their lives from a second-floor window.
Don Schuld’s metal detector spurred the restoration of an inclined plane on the Morris Canal.
Though he grew up in Roxbury, in Morris County, Schuld never heard about the plane hiding in the woods in the Ledgewood section of his town until he joined the Roxbury Rotarians in the late 1970s, two decades after high school.
Since the plane dated to the early 1800s, he figured it might be a fun spot to use his metal detector. The slope was overgrown with bushes and trees, but in the middle of the plane, undisturbed, he found a dime from 1870.
“I didn’t even need the metal detector for that,” Schuld said. “I started walking among the trees and found mule shoes, railroad spikes and chunks of iron.
“Later I thought it would be a great project for our Rotary club to expose the plane by cutting down the trees and cleaning up the rubble.
“Before we started, if you had stood at the base of the plane, you wouldn’t have even known there was an inclined plane, because it was completely reforested,” said Schuld, a retired insurance agent.
Once they cleared the brush, they saw the incline clearly. Then they noticed something else: parallel rows of stones heading up the plane, on which the cradle car rails had rested.
To anyone hiking the plane today, those stones remain clearly visible. At the top of the incline, patches of hardened black tar cover the ground. When the plane operated, workers slathered tar on the cables that pulled the cradle cars to reduce friction. The drippings remain, more than a century later.
Emboldened, the Rotarians decided to restore the stone shaft housing the turbine that powered the cables.
They installed a child’s swing frame over the shaft. With chains and a Rotarian’s wrecker, they hauled out stones and rusted parts. The turbine was gone, likely hauled away for the metal.
Several turbines survive, including one on display in Hopatcong State Park at the southern end of Lake Hopatcong.
The Roxbury Rotarians also cleared the tunnel-like sluice where water left the turbine chamber to rejoin the canal. “We worked at that in July and August, and in that tunnel it was cool as could be,” Schuld said.
Recently, with the help of the Canal Society of New Jersey and a grant, the mortar inside the shaft and tunnel were repointed, and a metal frame and grate were placed over the open shaft for safety.
When John Manna moved to Wharton in Morris County three decades ago, he had barely heard of the Morris Canal, and never pictured himself leading an effort to restore part of the old waterway.
In the 1980s, Wharton had revived a tree-lined quarter-mile of the canal bed. But a lock at the end of the section remained buried. In 2006, Wharton’s mayor asked Manna to join the Main Street Redevelopment Committee, which wanted to restore the lock as an attraction.
“The lock was filled with dirt and debris, and you could see a few of the top stones sticking out,” Manna said. “People had lost sight of what was there.”
Manna sought out the Canal Society and wrote grant applications, securing $2 million in federal and county grants.
When workers removed the fill, they found that most of the lock’s parts were rusted but intact, and could be copied to make replacements.
They had new wooden lock gates built and repointed the stonework on the lock walls.
“The masons rushed to finish the pointing work before it started to freeze,” Macasek said. “They had a big plastic tarp over the lock and they had a portable heater on underneath — it looked like some medieval shrine.”
Now the borough wants to restore the lock tender’s house, a crumbled ruin. People had rented the house from the borough for decades after the canal stopped operating, and it remained intact until the 1970s, when a fire destroyed the roof.
The borough has secured $1.8 million in federal grants for the home’s restoration.
When both the lock and lock tender’s house are restored, “this is going to be a jewel at the midpoint of the canal trail,” Manna said.
“I wasn’t a canal person,” he said, strolling Wharton’s restored section of canal. The faint roar of 16-wheelers heading down Route 80 — today’s Morris Canal — mixed with birdsong as he spoke.
“But I used to walk here and fish with my children, and thought it was a magical spot,” Manna said. “It gives you a serene feeling. You can just imagine the mules quietly dragging the canal boats along here 150 years ago.
“Over time I learned more about the canal,” Manna said. “Its story hooks you.”
The Collins House in Bloomfield is no tourist magnet — yet. The house, built in 1790, now huddles in the shadow of an apartment complex for seniors. Paint curls from old clapboards. A green tarp covers half the building like gift wrap. Signs warn: “Danger — keep out.”
Yet this could become a jewel along the Morris Canal Greenway.
The building is a rare remaining example of East Jersey Cottage construction. It was owned by Isaac Collins, a carpenter who built road bridges over the Morris Canal and aqueducts that carried the canal over rivers. One of the canal’s inclined planes bisected the Collins property.
Carlos Pomares, a Bloomfield councilman with a master’s in museum professions from Seton Hall University, is among a group hoping to restore the house as part of the canal’s legacy. Two sections of the canal in the township were reclaimed as walking paths, including a section that Boy Scouts cleared near Exit 151 along the southbound Garden State Parkway.
The township is installing signs along the canal route with bar codes so walkers can read historical information online. The signs are covered by a state grant of $24,000 and a township match.
The township already spent $100,000 to stabilize the house and has filed grant requests totaling $500,000 to restore the structure.
Pomares hopes the Collins House can be used as a community space for meetings and canal exhibits.
“The house was in rough shape,” Pomares said. “It still looks awful, but it’s actually getting better.”
Many projects along the old Morris Canal are in the planning stage, underway or finished.
In Clifton, a section was restored as a park next to the Garden State Parkway north of Route 3.
It is one of the few remnants refilled with water. And the tree-canopied towpath is walkable.
In Woodland Park, another walkable stretch of towpath runs behind homes along Mount Pleasant Avenue.
The borough worked with the Passaic River Coalition to secure grants of $500,000 to clear the canal bed, add benches and lay crushed stone on the towpath. Today people share the space with browsing deer.
“We were trying to take pedestrian traffic off Mount Pleasant Avenue and encourage use of the towpath in a safer setting,” said Keith Kazmark, Woodland Park’s mayor. “There’s a lot of history to the Morris Canal. If we can connect our section to the sections in Little Falls, it keeps access to the canal as a way to exercise and enjoy nature.”
In Little Falls, a section of towpath is restored as a walk and bike path between East Main Street and Cedar Grove Road. Another section runs parallel to Main Street along the Passaic River.
Passaic County has identified 11 “challenge” sites along its 25 miles of Morris Canal Greenway, where sections are disconnected because of a barrier such as a highway.
One barrier is the Peckman River in Little Falls, which cuts the towpath trail off from Peckman Preserve. The county has proposed a pedestrian bridge across the river.
The county would also like to restore the old Pompton Feeder guard lock, now mostly buried near the Ramapo River in Wayne.
In 1928, Passaic County’s parks commission developed a prescient plan to use the abandoned Morris Canal as an unbroken route for walking, hiking and horseback riding.
But when the state decommissioned the canal, it gave the rights of way to towns, and the county’s plan fell through.
Some towns signed over their canal property to railroads and utilities.
Paterson let the Lackawanna Railroad use its right of way.
Wayne and Little Falls let the North Jersey District Water Supply Commission use the right of way to bury a 42-inch-diameter water transfer pipe for the Wanaque Reservoir.
Now, through the Morris Canal Greenway project, the county is reviving its 1920s vision to use the canal for walking and biking.
The Morris Canal was the infrastructure that helped North Jersey develop. Now there's an effort to create a greenway connecting all the segments. Chris Pedota/NorthJersey.com
In 2015, Passaic County signed an agreement with the North Jersey District Water Supply Commission to study the feasibility of using the canal right of way for six 6 miles from Wayne to Totowa. The county expects to finish the study by next year.
Earlier this year, Lincoln Park opened a half-mile stretch of the canal along Windsor Drive as a walking path.
Lincoln Park’s mayor, David Runfeldt, said he remembered clearing the canal bed in the 1970s when he was a Boy Scout, but it became overgrown again.
This time, the canal path was cleared thanks to community volunteers and a $20,000 grant from Atlantic Health System for a tree service to remove the larger trees that had fallen across the canal bed.
“We had this historical treasure buried in bushes and fallen trees,” said Kathleen Skrobala, the borough’s health officer. “Even today when we walk the canal, we find chunks of coal that must have been thrown from the canal boats to local people.”
When resident Claire Moore downsized to an apartment complex, she chose a unit facing the canal bed, since the canal had been part of her family history.
Her father, Halsey Van Duyne, grew up on a farm in Towaco. In his early teens, around 1910, he skated along the canal from Towaco to attend square dances in Paterson. Then he would skate home in the early morning to milk the cows.
“We’ve been watching the work to make this excellent walking path, and we see people on it every day,” said Jeanne Moore, Claire Moore’s daughter. “We’re thrilled the canal is being restored, because it’s preserving our history. I hope that a lot of other towns will do the same thing.”
“People cross the footprint of the canal constantly,” he said. “The Morris Canal remnants are fragmented and hidden in the landscape all around us. It’s an adventure to explore a landscape you know, and find things you didn’t know were there.”
More environment news
DISCOVERY: Rare 'exotic' tick found in Hunterdon County
DRINKING WATER: NJ sets stringent standard on cancer-causing chemical PFOA in water
MEADOWLANDS: Drones used for science of the futureA cup and the brand of lipstick from the lips of Lady Gaga was auctioned online by for $75,000, for the victims of the Japan tsunami in 2011.
The cup was used by the 26-year-old diva, during a press conference in Tokyo in June last year, when she visited Japan to participate in several initiatives to help those affected by the disaster in the northeast. The small white mug with blue and gold stripes came out through an auction website on April 29, with a starting price of a penny. In eight days, the value raised to $75,000.
In addition to the cup, there is a mark of her lips. The cup is signed by Lady Gaga with a Japanese phrase “Pray for Japan”. The money raised will be donated to an organization founded by the government and various companies in EU and will be used for a program of scholarships for young Japanese Americans in the country.
Last June, Lady Gaga used her visit to Japan to participate in a charity gala and design, along with other celebrities like Nicole Kidman, Gwyneth Paltrow and Orlando Bloom.Join us live at 6:30 pm EST / 3:30 pm PST this Saturday for the latest UFC 235 fight companion with hosts Craig (@CraigAllenFNP) and Matt Allen (@MattAllenFNP)!
Today Craig and Matt live up to the Fight Night Picks name and make predictions on this weekend’s action! Stay tuned for in-depth breakdowns from the prelims to both title fight main and co-mains!:
Sandy Shoes song clip obtained through license from Neo Sounds for the explicit use by Fight Night Picks. Proof of agreement can be obtained if necessary.
Find us on: Twitter
Articles and News:Amy Lee
ROCK SINGER.
When was
Amy Lee born?
Amy Lee was born on: Sunday, December 13, 1981
How old is
Amy Lee?
Amy Lee is 37
Where was
Amy Lee born?
Amy Lee was born in: Riverside, CAGolden LionGeorge St
Kidderminster
DY10 1PX
Opening times: Mon–Thu 12:00-23:00; Fri and Sat 12:00-23:30; Sun 12:00-23:00
See more about this pub on WhatPub, CAMRA's national pub guide., a large single lounge bar where there's regular live open mic music on Wednesday evenings. Four reasonably priced real ales from local, regional and national breweries and a cider, along with cobs and pork pies. Level access through the side gate on request (otherwise kept locked) and level throughout. No adapted WCs.The 26th annual Austin Marathon starts and finishes on Congress Avenue in the heart of downtown Austin, TX. The looped course provides a tour of some of the most beloved and historic landmarks and neighborhoods of Austin. Runners will experience Austin’s unique culture with each part of the course bringing its own flavor of spectators support, music, and scenery- from funky to modern and everything in between.
Website
Certified Race Guards Sign-upEXMAR OFFSHORE COMPANY's design and modeling staff brings to life the ideas and innovations of our company, giving clients and partners the full picture of every project and product.
AVEVA Marine
EOC uses AVEVA Marine, an integrated suite of software for the design and construction of fixed and floating systems (including elements formerly known as TRIBON and PDMS). Using powerful object-centric technology, it is the most productive engineering software solution available for the marine industry. Using AVEVA, EOC can generate detailed intelligent 3D models, bills of materials, perform clash checking, and create other documents for smooth transition from engineering to execution.
Autodesk
EOC’s designers are skilled with the use of this workhorse software to generate the drawings required to execute any project. The designers work closely with the engineering and project management teams to provide high-quality drawings that illustrate reliable solutions for safe and cost efficient project execution.
Renderings
EOC focuses on tools that allow clients to visualize, explore, and understand the designs we develop. Powerful images of our renderings allow our clients and partners to not only understand, but also communicate to all project stakeholders.SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Investigates Claims On Behalf of Investors of Bristow Group, Inc. – BRS
NEW YORK, March 15, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Pomerantz LLP is investigating claims on behalf of investors of Bristow Group, Inc. (“Bristow” or the “Company”) (NYSE: BRS). Such investors are advised to contact Robert S. Willoughby at rswilloughby@pomlaw.com or 888-476-6529, ext. 9980.
The investigation concerns whether Bristow and certain of its officers and/or directors have engaged in securities fraud or other unlawful business practices.
On February 11, 2019, after the market closed, Bristow filed a Form 8-K with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) disclosing that the Company .
Then, on February 12, 2019, Bristow filed a Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that: (i) Bristow had terminated its agreement to purchase Columbia Helicopters, Inc.; and (ii) Jonathan E. Baliff would retire as Bristow’s Chief Executive Officer and would resign from the Board of Directors, effective February 28, 2019. On this news, Bristow’s stock price fell $0.64 per share, or nearly 35%, to close at $1.20 per share on February.Farmhouse In A Hangar: NJ Modern Home Creates A World Within
A Hanger House Plans sconce on both sides of the treatment cabinet will offer a much quantity of light-weight, perfect for proper grooming. Incandescent lighting is much better to luminescent lamps, which can produce a bluish strengthen of Hanger House Plans.XRP Liquidity Index Nearing All-Time High
Similar to the Mexico corridor, the Australia corridor has seen significant growth in 2020. The XRP/AUD pair has also made a strong recovery following the liquidity drop last month. The pair is now consistently holding the 13,000,000 level nearing its prior all-time high of 14,427,181.Articles Posted in U.S. 11th Circuit Court of Appeals, U.S. 11th Circuit Court of Appeals
Baker County Medical Services v. U.S. Attorney General, et al.
The Hospital filed suit against various federal agencies and officials, seeking a declaratory judgment that 18 U.S.C. 4006(b)(1), where Congress has elected to impose the Medicare rate as full compensation for medical services rendered to federal detainees, is unconstitutional as applied. The court concluded that the Hospital voluntarily opted into the Medicare program and is, as a result, required to provide emergency services to federal detainees. Consequently, the Hospital was foreclosed from challenging this compensation scheme as an unconstitutional taking under the Fifth Amendment. The court noted that the Hospital's most effective remedy may lie with Congress rather than the courts. Accordingly, the court affirmed the district court's dismissal of the action. View "Baker County Medical Services v. U.S. Attorney General, et al." on Justia Law
Posted in: Constitutional Law, Government & Administrative Law, Health Law, Public Benefits, U.S. 11th Circuit Court of Appeals
Posted in: Civil Rights, Constitutional Law, Government & Administrative Law, Health Law, U.S. 11th Circuit Court of Appeals
Seminole Tribe of Florida v. State of FL Dept. of Revenue, et al.. View "Seminole Tribe of Florida v. State of FL Dept. of Revenue, et al." on Justia Law
Posted in: Constitutional Law, Government & Administrative Law, Native American Law, U.S. 11th Circuit Court of Appeals
Arcia, et al. v. Florida Secretary of State. View "Arcia, et al. v. Florida Secretary of State" on Justia Law
Posted in: Civil Rights, Constitutional Law, Election Law, Government & Administrative Law, U.S. 11th Circuit Court of Appeals
Bell, et al. v. City of Winter Park, FL, et al.
Plaintiffs filed suit challenging the constitutionality of the City's Ordinance No. 2886-12, which generally prohibits targeted picketing within 50 feet of a residential dwelling. On appeal, plaintiffs challenged the district court's grant of the City's motion to dismiss. At issue are sections 62-79 and 62-77. The court concluded that the Ordinance's ban on targeted picketing, section 62-79, was content-neutral, furthered a significant government interest, was narrowly tailored, and left open ample alternate channels for speech. Therefore, section 62-79 was facially constitutional and the district court dismissed plaintiff's challenge as to section 62-79. The court concluded however, that section 62-77 granted private citizens unbridled discretion to invoke the City's power to regulate speech in public fora abutting private residences. Accordingly, the court concluded that the loitering provision was facially unconstitutional and invalid. The court affirmed in part and reversed in part. View "Bell, et al. v. City of Winter Park, FL, et al." on Justia Law
Posted in: Civil Rights, Constitutional Law, Government & Administrative Law, U.S. 11th Circuit Court of Appeals
Lesinski v. South Florida Water Mgmt.
Relator filed a qui tam action under the False Claims Act (FCA), 31 U.S.C. 3729-3733, against the District, alleging that the District violated the FCA by fraudulently claiming FEMA reimbursements for ineligible canal repairs. The court held that, as an arm of the State of Florida, the District was not a "person" that could be subjected to suit by a qui tam relator under the FCA. Accordingly, the court affirmed the district court's dismissal of relator's claims. View "Lesinski v. South Florida Water Mgmt." on Justia LawCorporate entry CRC for Innovative Grain Food Products (2003 - 2010)
- From
- 1 July 2003
North Ryde, New South Wales, Australia
- To
- 2010
- Functions
- Food or beverage industry, Manufacturing industry, Pharmaceuticals or Medical Aids and Industrial or scientific research
- Alternative Names
- Cooperative Research Centre for Innovative Grain Food Products
- Grain Foods CRC
- Website
-
Summary
The Cooperative Research Centre (CRC) for Innovative Grain Food Products or Grain Foods CRC was established to research, develop and commercialise healthy grain food products; grains as a source of industrial and pharmaceutical compounds; and new processing and manufacturing technologies. The CRC was awarded funding for an initial period of seven years.
Related entries
Superior
Published resources
Online Resources
- Trove, National Library of Australia, 2009,. Details
Annette Alafaci
Created: 4 May 2006, Last modified: 18 December 2018The Journey is every bit as important as the destination
I was first diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes 15 years ago. BUT, looking back, I think the signs were there much earlier. At age 23 I had my first child and by the time I was 33 I had spent ten years trying to have another baby. Through my searching for answers and dealing with issues, it was discovered that I needed a hysterectomy – right away. I was frightened, I was upset, I was depressed. But nothing prepared me for the days leading up to the procedure when I was found to have very high sugar. They wanted to postpone the procedure. I argued that I hadnt fasted before coming in and that it must have been something I ate or drank. They agreed that it the morning of the procedure my sugar was okay, they would go ahead with the operation. Thankfully, the procedure went on as scheduled.
Then came the depression. I wasnt done having kids. AND what in the heck is Diabetes anyway!
Through many twists and turns, and within only three months of that hysterectomy, I started the process to adopt a baby boy. I also started on medication – oral medication at the time – and managed to lower my A1c from 13 to 7. And I thought – WOW – Mastered That. I planned to move on. I HAD Diabetes, and now I dont.
Silly me. I had no idea. Diabetes is not a light switch you turn off and it goes away.
I didnt follow through with Dr. Appointments, I truly felt I was cured.
In the meantime I adopted that baby boy – and two years later was Blessed to learn he had a biological sister – whom I also adopted. In fact, tomorrow is September 12th – and it marks 11 years to the day that my daughter arrived in our home (she was just over a year old at the time).
I took about another 5-6 years before I really faced the Diabetes issue again and it snuck up on me in a huge way. I went for an eye appointment and my prescription had changed – but during the exam, the doctor told me that she was sending me to a Retinologist.
It was the latter part of 2012 when I started the ongoing process of Retinology appointments every four months, usually followed with laser surgeries to stop the leaking behind my eyes. I have had fifteen procedures since that time. It has been a very scary two years for me.
The Journey. Through the adoption process I learned what it meant to be an advocate for your children. You cant sit back and wait for things to come to you. If you want something, you must speak up for it, make the phone calls, be proactive. I fought so hard to be able to adopt my son, and then also my daughter. If they needed services in school, I was their advocate. BUT I wasnt advocating for my own health. I trusted my general practitioner – and sadly, he let me down. It was the Retinologist who gently took me by the hand and explained to me about diabetes, about what was at risk, about how to advocate for myself and be proactive.
I found an endocrinologist. I told my doctors to put me on insulin because I wasnt able to bring my A1c down and my glucose readings were high. I insisted on being on blood pressure medication and cholesterol medication. ALL of these things could have and should have been suggested by my general practitioner. None of the them were until I started fighting for my health.
I learned what metrics were and set goals, learned what the ideal fasting sugar read (70-110 for me) and the ideal two hour post meal (under 180 for me). I started testing five times a day and charting everything – EVERYTHING. Having the answers made me feel more in control and slowly – but surely my A1c was coming down.
All those years ago my A1c was 13. With oral medication I lingered on but managed to keep it between 9 and 7. After I added insulin and learned about healthier food choices – I started to see that A1c go from 7 to 6.9 to 6.5. My last A1c was 5.9.
What was once a mystery to me – I now accept. I now understand. Perhaps the biggest part of my journey is that I learned that no one is going to want this for me, more than I do. I cannot rely on a general practitioner, nor blame him for my complacency. I can rely on me. I learned to advocate for my children, their education, and through the process – I am not my strongest advocate as well.
Diabetes is life long. It is an ongoing journey. I will take medication every single day – I will test every single day. I will eat an occasional sweet without guilt because I understand how my body handles the sugar, and I will continue to be successful because I have so much to live for.
If I were to give you any advice – it would be to ask ask ask. If something seems wrong – ask someone. If you are unsure of anything – ask. Dont wait for someone to suggest it to you – and dont just take the advice of well meaning friends. Anything you are told, you can research. YOU are in control.
Back to my journey – consider this: If it were not for my diabetes – I would not have my beautiful family. Its amazing how doors may seem to shut, but windows are wide open! Embrace who you are – all of you.
Thank you so much for sharing your story! What an incredible journey. I are sure other community members are really going to appreciate the ups and downs you have gone through over the years. I think it is so important that you learned to advocate for yourself and that you looked to your family as a reason to keep fighting! Thank you again for sharing your story. Toliara bed box is a stunning item of bedroom furniture that will complement any bedroom setting. With a wonderful cream finish, this bed box is a practical item of furniture that offers 4 large drawers providing ample storage space for any bedroom. With stylish round metal handles, this bed box will look perfect at the end of any bed frame.
The Toliara Cream 4 Drawer Bed BoxFor the two games against Lausanne HC and EHC Biel, Dan Weisskopf will be suiting up for HC Fribourg-Gottéron. The 29-year-old, under contract with Ajoie, has already made one appearance for the Dragons back in October and is in possession of a B-licence with them. He is replacing the injured Sebastian Schilt.
Fribourg also announced that forward Sandro Forrer will suit up for the Swiss League team again, as he has already done twelve times this season.Interview: Marvin Sapp shares story behind his new album ‘Yes You Can’
Without further delay get into our candid interview with the below where we discuss his latest project ‘You Shall Live’, reality tv, and more…
TGG: What was the inspiration for your 10th studio LP, ‘You Shall Live’?
Marvin Sapp: The inspiration is about affirmation and declaration. The fact of the matter is that I strongly believe that we are living in a day and time where we have all kinds of physical and mental attacks and we need to learn how to declare and decree stuff over our own lives. So that is what ‘You Shall Live’ is about…The album is literally about declaring and decreeing that where I am right now isn’t where i’m gonna stay because God has greater and more in store for me.
TGG: What’s a standout track from you on the project?
Marvin Sapp: ‘Live’ is definitely the standout track. Live is the song that everybody is gonna relate to…
TGG: You pretty much stick with the same produces, songwriters, background vocalists, etc. from album to album… Why is that?
Marvin Sapp: If it ain’t broke don’t fix it! We’ve been winning together for 10 years– 5 records together! Because we have been winning together for so long and we have such a great synergy… I decided since we already winning lets just keep winning together.
TGG: With so many Gospel artists stepping into the world of reality television, do you see that in the future for Marvin Sapp?
Marvin Sapp: Yeah, hopefully one day! Some of the shows that have been pitched to me are about dating, and that’s something I refuse to do publicly. The show that I want to do is about me and my family…a single black father successfully navigating and raising his children after tragedy and loss.
TGG: How does Marvin Sapp define or determine success?
Marvin Sapp: Dying empty…with no regrets. I don’t feel like i’m successful yet, I feel like i’ve accomplished a lot but there’s more in store!Clive Makumbe
Member of Parliament for Gweru Urban constituency Advocate Brian Dube has urged residents who may have serious concerns to be raised in the legislative house to take part in public consultations.
Advocate Dube said residents should write down all burning issues since they are not fully aware of all the concerns of the people.
“We have received various concerns from residents associations pertaining to rent to buy houses and other local government issues. It is imperative that we engage on a regular basis and respond faster since we need to argently present the issues in parliament.”
“I am happy that the minister of state responded quickly to our request on Wednesday, that council should speed up agreement of sales to those who would have complied to the minimum requirements and places were toilets should be built. And I realised that this was not only a local issue but a national problem that is affecting all Zimbabweans,” he said.
Advocate Dube added that, he is pleased with the turnout by people with disabilities since they continue to raise their concerns.
“I am happy to say that people with disabilities have continuously engaged with me on issues that were largely affecting them in this constituency. They have personally told me that their children are constantly being chased away from schools since they cannot afford to pay schools fees and being sued by schools for failing to settle their debts on time.”
“The minister of social welfare has already raised that issue it must be further investigated to find the best possible solution toi the problem,” he added.
However, Advocate Dube said labour issues concerning workers at National Railways of Zimbabwe, Zimglass have been largely raised by labour unions.
He said the responsible minister is yet to come to a conclusion since a research team has been deployed to scrutinize the issue before taking serious actions.EMERYVILLE barely qualifies as a dot on the map. Its entirety is squeezed into 1.2 square miles.
Blink your eyes when you’re driving north, and you’re in Berkeley. Whip a U-turn, and welcome to Oakland. You could fit Emeryville into Concord more than 25 times if you could find a way to get it through the Caldecott Tunnel.
But the town of about 10,000 residents stands large in another way. It is home to enough business activity to swell its population to three times that on work days.
Among the corporations within city limits are Academy Award-winning Pixar Animation Studios, pharmaceutical giant Novartis, biofuels producer Amyris and educational toys manufacturer Leapfrog.
Every wide-eyed candidate who runs for city council pledges to bring commerce and jobs to the community, but Emeryville’s civic leaders actually have done it. City Manager Pat O’Keeffe credits a culture that traces to the city’s founder.
“Joseph Emery created Emeryville in the late 1800s as a place to do business,” he said. “He had been in Oakland and San Francisco, but he was discouraged by the regulations and taxation there.”
Emeryville practices what its namesake preached. O’Keeffe says business license fees are lower than nearby cities, there are no payroll taxes and permits are processed at light speed compared to its neighbors.
Bob Canter, president of the chamber of commerce, credits a business-friendly attitude that permeates city hall. Healthy companies have helped the city escape massive budget cuts. This year’s $28 million operating budget is about the same as four years ago.
“Some cities succumb to anti-business pressures and enact regulations that hurt the business community,” he said. “We don’t do that here. You don’t have to go through layers of bureaucracy. You get to decision-makers.”
He summons a contrast with Oakland, where he worked in 1978, when council members talked about attracting high-end retailers for a mall near San Pablo and Telegraph Avenues. “Thirty-three years later, they’re still talking about it.”
In the meantime, Bay Street Emeryville sprang up as a 65-store complex, featuring retailers such as Williams-Sonoma, Coach and Pottery Barn. “Emeryville got it planned, permitted and built in about four years,” he said. “We get things done.”
As another example, he cites an office-furniture store owner who felt his business was hurt by 30-minute street-parking restrictions.
“I called the public works director,” Canter said, “and within 48 hours, it was changed to 60 minutes.”
There are no parking meters in Emeryville. (Let’s pause here to let Walnut Creek officials sniff smelling salts.) Automobile traffic is reduced because of a free bus service — Emery Go Round — that shuttles employees and visitors from the McArthur BART station to nearly every part of town.
That idea originated in City Hall, but the funding comes from the business community, which voted to fund a $2.5 million annual budget. The buses transport 1.3 million passengers a year.
O’Keeffe, an Emeryville employee since 1995, said the city’s real story is how it continually reinvents itself. In the early 1900s, it was known for meat-packing plants. After World War II, manufacturing was king. Redevelopment attracted today’s industries.
“Pixar is where the Del Monte canning plant used to be,” he said. “Where Novartis is was a Shell Oil plant. We’ve been actively involved in that transformation.”
Emeryville is small, but it’s all business.
Contact Tom Barnidge at tbarnidge@bayareanewsgroup.com.REAL-TIME SHOP FLOOR VISIBILITY AND CONTROL
Challenge / Opportunity:
* Struggled to get real-time, accurate data and numbers on efficiency and performance
* Seeing bottlenecks were a challenge since there was a lag in information and reporting
* Managers were spending hours a day going through the lines and counting production
“As soon as we implemented this and put this system in place, it wasn’t long before the operators were taking advantage of it. We saw about an 11% gain in our on standard time. Obviously that was terrific from a management side, as well as operator performance side.” – Jeff Rosenstock, Vice President and Co-Owner, General Sportswear
General Sportwear Co., Inc. and Sincotex S.A., a state of the art jeans factory in Tipitapa, Nicaragua, chose CGS's Bluecherry as its shop floor control solution to increase overall plant performance. BlueCherry Shop Floor Control has given the operators and management the tools they needed to dramatically improve their efficiency. Almost immediately after implementation, General Sportswear saw about an 11% increase in their standard time. Watch Jeff Rosenstock, Vice President and Co-Owner of General Sportswear, talk about the dramatic improvements in their work in this video.The holidays are almost here. Whether you are currently employed, or looking for a job, the holidays are a great time to unwind and to spend time with your family and friends. However, before you get too relaxed watching holiday movies and sipping eggnog, make sure that you have completed all of these pre-holiday tasks:
Make a list of what you would like to achieve when you get back. When you return from holidays, it can be a bit of a challenge to get back on track. If you’re working, you may have forgotten which tasks need to be done. If you’re looking for work, it may be tough to remember where you left off. When you leave yourself a to-do list, it’s a lot easier to hit the ground running when you come back in January.
Clean up your office or your work station. Tidy up before you go on holidays. If you’ve left your desk a mess, and other people are in the office, they are going to think that you’re a slob. Also, it’s hard to get a fresh start in the New Year when you’re dealing with last year’s mess.
Do something nice for the people around you. When you’re unemployed, your friends and family are forced to ride the job search roller coaster with you. Do something to show them that you appreciate their support. When you’re working, your coworkers deserve your appreciation. Bring in a treat that everyone in the office can enjoy.
Make a list of your accomplishments for the past year. We are all so busy, that it is easy for us to forget about everything that we’ve accomplished. If you create a list of your accomplishments, it will show you how much you have achieved, and it may come in handy later on.
Send season’s greetings to your coworkers and your networking contacts. Take the time to send out holiday greetings. This sentiment shows that you care about them as a person beyond what they can do for your career.
Nobody wants to do much work on the last day before the holidays, but if you close your year out right, you will be off to a good start when you come back to work in January. Happy Holidays!
(Written by Karen Bivand)September 21, 2012
Professor Laura Rosenthal gave a keynote address for the conference "‘The Authenticity of Emotions: Sceptical and Sympathetic Sociability in the Eighteenth-Century British Public Sphere’ An Interdisciplinary Collaboratory" held in Adelaide, Australia, September 18-19. She has essays appearing this fall in the journals PMLA, Eighteenth-Century Fiction, The Eighteenth Century: Theory and Interpretation, and The Arts and Humanities in Higher Education.The group’s ever changing current line-up is currently formed by Coleridge as prime mover and DJ, Alex Kasiek on keyboards and guitars, Hamid Man tu on drums and programming, Sheema Mukherjee on classical sitar, Tuup is the lyricist and Shamanic poet, Doreen Thobekile on vocals and Gurhit Sihra on Indian percussion..You are here
Perry, Tanisha v The Commissioner of Police and the Attorney General of Jamaica
Case Number:
2015 HCV 03989
Presiding Judge:
Neutral Citation:
[2018]JMSC Civ.113
Date of Delivery:
31.07.2018
Administrative orders – Whether application for a declaration is subject to the same considerations as an application for judicial review – Whether the purpose to which the declaration will be put is a relevant considerationKey information and documents
In this section we present the key information that a responsible officer will need to manage effective processes within their designated body. Explore the Responsible Officer sub menu for more information. If you have any questions, suggestions or comments, please contact us.
Guidance and tools
- Medical Appraisal Guide (version 4, March 2013)
- MAG Model Appraisal Form (version 3, March 2012)
- Supporting Doctors to Provide Safer Healthcare: Responding to Concerns about a Doctor’s Practice (version 2, 2013)
- Information Management for Revalidation in England (version 4, January 2014)
- Quality Assurance of Medical Appraisers (version 5, January 2014)
- Training Specification for Medical Appraisers in England (April 2012)
- Sample Agreement for External Responsible Officer Services (May 2012)
- Practical Guide for responding to concerns about medical practice (March 2019)
Medical Appraisal Policy
Regulations and guidance
- The Medical Profession (Responsible Officers) (Amendment) Regulations 2013
- The Medical Profession (Responsible Officer) Regulations 2010
- Closing the Gap in Medical Regulation: Responsible Officer Guidance (Department of Health, 2010). Please note that the guidance is being amended to reflect the 2013 amendments to the Responsible Officer Regulations. The Department of Health are ratifying the current draft with colleagues across the Devolved Administrations.
Supporting doctors who undertake a Low Volume of Work Guidance
The Supporting doctors who undertake a Low Volume of Work Guidance provides a framework for the management of doctors on the NHS England Medical Performers List who are undertaking a low volume (defined as fewer than 40 sessions per annum) of NHS General Practice (GP) clinical work. There are three areas of focus intended to achieve a consistent, transparent and supportive approach across NHS England:
- Setting out the professional responsibilities of a doctor undertaking a low volume of NHS GP clinical work.
- Defining a threshold for the definition of a low volume of clinical work and the subsequent management of appraisal.
- Providing support for doctors undertaking a low volume of NHS GP clinical work and those appraising them.
This guidance has been the product of collaboration with input from key stakeholders including NHS England responsible officers (ROs), the Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP), the British Medical Association (BMA) and the General Medical Council (GMC). It is intended to provide clarity and reassurance to doctors on the NHS England Medical Performers List with regard to their professional requirements when undertaking a low volume of work, and to aid those appraising such doctors. It is recognised that there would be potential benefits of a similar approach being adopted across the United Kingdom, supporting the management of doctors working across geographical boundaries and reducing duplication of work and the administrative burden. had a great turnout for the Annual Parish Meeting of Grace Episcopal Church on Wednesday, January 30!
Adults and older youth gathered in the parish hall for dinner and fellowship. Committee heads offered updates on the Bicentennial Capital Campaign and Fr. Stuart thanked outgoing vestry and officers.
We moved into the nave for the meeting following dinner. Key reports of parish business were shared. Hank Houser, our architect, offered a brief reflection on his process for a campaign. Dale Jaeger made a brief presentation about the landscape design portions of the upcoming capital campaign.
The four vestry members elected at the meeting were JoAnn Manring, Gail Sargent, Dan Scott, and Mike Whitmire. Thank you to all 8 parishioners who agreed to stand for election!
For those unable to attend the meeting, you can read our 2019 Annual Report at the link below.?
Disputable Matters
First of all, there are all kinds of issues in scripture that are what Paul calls, disputable matters. What foods we eat, drinking alcohol, infant or adult baptism, Sunday observance, women in leadership, etc. These are issues on which serious Christians, who love God and have a high view of scripture, have taken different positions on, almost since the early church. What makes these issues different from other moral choices? Because there is solid biblical evidence to support all of these different views.
Indisputable Matters
However, there are some moral teachings in scripture that are so clear, so compelling and so grievous, that the church for 2,000 years has believed they either disqualify a person from salvation or seriously hinder their ability to call themselves a Christian. The church has always considered adultery, murder, having sex with someone in your own family besides your spouse, and (until recently) same-sex, sex serious sins. Why is it Christians have always considered these activities sin? Because the Bible always and consistently condemns them.
We have this warning from God, through Paul, is not referring to those who struggle with committing various sins, repent of them, seek forgiveness, make a serious effort to resist temptation, and call on the Holy Spirit to help them in these areas. Instead, God is warning those who have given up the struggle, who no longer call it sin, and have given themselves over to and embraced, accepted, or celebrated these behaviors. God warns that in so doing, individuals prove themselves not to be children of God, thereby disqualifying themselves ftom inheriting the Kingdom of God.
Our indifference to God’s moral commands may very well be a salvation issue.
So Christians ought to be very careful using the “it’s not a salvation issue” to dismiss anything other than the teachings covering how sinners come to salvational faith in Jesus Christ. Using the salvation issue rationale relegates all God’s moral teaching to a disputable matter. God would dispute that.
How following Jesus works in real life.
If you found this blog and are not a regular subscriber,
you can take care of that right HERE.
Nicole Trunfio has responded to the mixed reaction her June 2015 cover shot of Elle Australia has received.
The image shows her breastfeeding her five-month-old son Zion; a photograph she says that wasn’t “planned”.
Many women have since supported her by adopting the #normalisebreastfeeding hashtag she used on social media.
“I didn’t think it was going to be such a big deal,” Trunfio told Good Morning America.
“There’s nothing worse than, as a mother, doing something that’s so necessary like feeding your child and feeling like somebody could have an opinion about it or somebody’s looking at you the wrong way.
“I think it’s a huge part of being a woman and motherhood.”
“He was with me on set all day and there were periods I’d take off to feed him and I had on this beautiful outfit and the stylist was like, ‘Wow, that looks amazing, let’s move you on set to have this picture taken.’ Not that it was going to become a part of the shoot.”
Sharing the image on Facebook earlier this week, Trunfio wrote: “The last thing I want to do is be controversial, so please take this for what it is, let us #normalizebreastfeeding, there is nothing worse than a mother that is judged for feeding her hungry child in public.”
Do you agree with her?????Our Lord asked me to write and He gave me words to say:
“Your sister Elfriede has been with me.
She has received a visitation from my Mother.
She was told to help those in need of my help,
and she has been helped in doing so.
There is more she knows than she will say.
Be at peace and know I have prepared the way
for you to know the injustice of those people will be known by my Church.”
“Do know there is more I have told you.”
“Do not repeat those words to anyone.”
Thanks be to God! You have given me everything I want in abundance! Alleluia! Praise to You Our King the Most High Redeemer! Alleluia!Maxwell Sibanda, ASSISTANT EDITOR • 1 April 2016 1:01PM • 3 comments
HARARE - I have followed singer Fungisai Zvakavapano-Mashavave’s artistic career for years now, from the time she was being produced by fellow singer Elias Musakwa at Ngaavongwe Records.
Through the years, her talent has blossomed to superstardom as a gospel singer and she is counted among the finest and consistent singers of that genre.
Apart from Olivia Charamba, there is no one else worth comparing Fungisai’s prowess with in as far as local gospel music is concerned.
I believe her recent dancehall hit duet song with Killer T hasn’t changed much of her status as a gospel musician; instead it has cemented her profile among the youths.
I admire Fungisai — she is young and educated. She is a family woman who works hard to market her music even going to the extent of selling her own CDs on the streets. The artiste is also into fashion, creating her own labels and designs.
While all that she creates and designs cannot satisfy everyone, her entrepreneurship zeal is really commendable as it is hard to survive on music alone these days due to piracy.
The diva has received some lashing for trying to be different; she performed at a Harare club and all hell broke loose; she played football with the boys during a tournament featuring musicians and former soccer stars and people said she was unchristian; she arrived at the recent dancehall awards in style, accompanied by bikers and all hell broke loose; she released a dancehall song which angered some; her dressing has been described as unchristian; and all the other stuff.
But really, why shouldn’t Zimbabweans just let the girl fly?
Playwright Raisedon Baya said, it is unfair to continue to confine her to one genre. “We can’t continue calling her a gospel artist. Let’s allow her to stretch her horizon and experiment.
“If the memes are being done by pranksters I don’t have a problem with them. It’s part of the hazards of being a public figure.
“My only problem is I hear they are being pushed by other artists. It then becomes unfair on her. But she can turn it all around and use the publicity to her own good.”
Actor Obrian Mudyiwenyama said, Fungisai is a very open-minded individual and an artist. “She is simply ahead of her time and has been reinventing herself to stay relevant to a huge cross section of the public. She has matured as a creative artist and does not think within the box.
“If we had more artists and indeed people like Fungisai, our cultural industry will be somewhere.
“Even though some are dissing and saying all sorts of things, we all have noted her ingenuity in staying relevant as an artist. I have a lot of respect for her. Besides who are we to judge?”
Journalist Loughty Dube said, Fungisai has a right to choose what she wants in life and that choice includes re-defining her musical choices. “While she started as a gospel singer there are no limitations for her to decide otherwise and people must respect her choices.
“Being a gospel musician does not for starters means that she is a Christian in the same manner that those of us that speak English language are English.
“She should be respected like everyone else, we know a lot of singers like Hosiah Chipanga who started their careers singing something else but they are now gospel singers and they have never been criticised for that.”
Filmmaker Elton Mjanana said, Fungisai has a right as a musician to explore different sounds and facets of her trade. It increases her versatility and ensures her a wider net in market. I would encourage her to do so.
“However, she as it were, has lost some supporters big time and right now her career is at a point where she is seen as a joke. That is utterly unfair but it is what it is in an unforgiving world of showbiz and life in the public scrutiny.”
Mjanana added that, Christians on the other hand feel betrayed by Fungisai when she says she never intended to be a gospel artist. “They supported her, and she made a name and some measure of fortune for herself on the back of their support — which was in monetary and emotional terms. It is a very bitter pill for them to swallow when she sounds arrogant and ungrateful like this — especially on a very sensitive subject like this in a society that has seen the rise of fanatical Pentecostal tendencies.”
Poet Mbizo Chirasha said, Zimbabweans need to learn to accept change. “A lot of people think in a straitjacket way and they like frowning at versatility. We are people who have allowed carnality to be present within ourselves and I don’t think it’s fair. The diva must move on and keep on doing what is best for her creativity and for her fans in Zimbabwe.
“I think we have for a long time as a people been destroying our own art by victimising our own creators of art.”
Former broadcaster and Rooftop Promotions publicity Silvester Taurayi Tapfumaneyi said ,this is just a phase which will go away with time. “There was a time in Zimbabwe when music instruments were a thing of the secular world only and it was taboo to play guitars such that when they were introduced some stopped going to church saying the devil has taken over the house of prayer.
“Not only that, women were not allowed to wear trousers in church to an extent that one would be returned home. It goes on and on even lip stick wasn’t allowed. Not only that because there was a rhumba musician who released the song Dombo — he was attacked left, right and centre.”
Poet Blackheat DeShanti said, she does not think it is a crime to be different as an artist or human being.
“However, we must analyse the context of the change. In Fungisai’s case, the transition to her new image is difficult because she had portrayed herself as a gospel musician for a long time. Unfortunately, society seems to have preconceived notions about the expected norms of a gospel artist which are intertwined with “Christian values”. (Could explain anger on the part of Christians).
“Paradoxically, most artists are multi-faceted people who can easily wear many hats and I suppose she feels comfortable wearing the secular music hat. On that note, I feel society might need to give her a chance to experiment with her various capabilities.
“As for her dressing, I do not think people are trying to restrict her per se. I think they were more appalled by the tacky outfit that she wore.
“The pose made it worse. To help her transition, maybe she ought to research (read, browse etc) so she can be up to date with contemporary fashion standards and dress accordingly.”
She said in conclusion: “I think that while this might have been an embarrassment to her, it is also a wake-up call to her and artists in general. Planning is indeed a pre-requisite before launching a public career of any nature.
“It would stand her in good stead to utilise all this publicity to her advantage, instead of wallowing in self-pity. Sometimes opportunity is not always packaged in the way we expect.”
Media practitioner Rashweat Mukundu said, it is only fair to say that Fungisai has every right to be who she wants to be. “Christians, are not called to hate but to love and compassion, and those who feel she has gone astray, must approach her issues with respect. Abusing her is not going to bring her back to the Christian fold.”
Well she is free to do as she wishes. However , in the past she went on record saying that she could not share the stage with secular musicians. A few years down the line, she makes an about turn and now wants to be one of the secular musicians - some kind of musical Jonathan Moyo. I think this has been the source of the criticism directed at her.She is no doubt talented but has tended to court controversy in her career.
most christians are just hypocrites. they listen to zimdancehall, Macheso, zakaria etc...but they just want to limit Fungisai as to what she can sing without limiting their ears themselves. Kure uko! maholier than thou agara anonetsa but kuhura ndivo vakuru vako.
fungi is a good musician! the only down I noticed was a change in her style when she acquired her own instruments and stopped using musakwa's instruments. her lyrics also changed a bit from around the days she got married. but all this is bound to happen when an artist is developing and navigating the industry. all artists are versatile; fungisai sang with tuku and jah-preza I think; and there was no problem! then why cant she sing with killer-t?! in-fact, its killer-t who benefited from that collabo becoz fungi is a bigger artist than killer-t! in our little kantry we have developed a mentality of criticising everything. we criticise our own flag bearers for no apparent reason and sing praises to foreigners who erode our morals & culture and don't contribute anything. we throng gigs of foreign artists who often fail to live up to their billing(s) only for the likes of winky to steal the show! we raise our own heroes only to knock them down! there are people worth of criticising in this kantry but we are afraid of facing them becoz they are ruthless; why then do we avenge our frustrations on innocent pple like fungi who are using their talents??! we only succeed in hauling insults, shouting obscenities and using profane language against our own artists when other kantries are prospering by supporting arts, showbiz & entertainment industries;Hide Forgot
Spec URL:
SRPM URL:
Description: This package has methods which tell you whether a credit card number is self-consistent -- whether the last digit of the number is a valid checksum for the preceding digits.
This is my first package, and I need a sponsor :)
I will review this, but this bug should block FE-NEEDSPONSOR.
- MUST: OK, the package is named according to the Package Naming Guidelines.
- MUST: OK: The package must meet the Packaging Guidelines.
- MUST: OK, the spec file name matches the base package %{name}, in the
format %{name}.spec
- MUST: OK, license issue (see must fixes)
- MUST: OK, tarball does not include license file.
- MUST: OK, the spec file is written in American English.
- MUST: OK, the spec file for the package is legible.
- MUST: OK, source file matches the upstream source:
2d532583fbd58561f7f46f914cdf4510 Business-CreditCard-0.30.tar.gz
- MUST: OK, package compiles successfully.
- MUST: OK, there is no locale file in tarball
- MUST: OK, no shared library and no ldconfig
- MUST: OK, package is not relocatable.
- MUST: OK, owns all directories.
- MUST: OK, does not contain any duplicate files.
- MUST: OK, permissions are correct.
- MUST: OK, has %clean
- MUST: OK, permissions are correct.
- MUST: OK, no need for a seperate doc package.
- MUST: OK, no need for -devel and -static packages.
- MUST: OK, no .pc files.
- MUST: OK, no libtool archives.
- MUST: OK, not a gui app.
- MUST: OK, package has rm -rf $RPM_BUILD_ROOT at the beginning of %install.
- MUST: OK, filenames are valid UTF-8
- MUST: NOT CHECKED (Package must compile in mock)
Should fixes:
- SHOULD: Remove all whitespaces and use tabs (not necesarry, though.
Must fixes:
- MUST: FIX: rpmlint throws error about wrong license, you need to fix it.
- MUST: FIX: You must define a macro for Business-CreditCard, and call
that macro inside the package.
Release 2 passes rpmlint without warnings.
SPEC:
SRPM:
Must fixes that I wrote in comment #3
- MUST: OK: rpmlint throws error about wrong license, you need to fix it.
- MUST: OK: You must define a macro for Business-CreditCard, and call
that macro inside the package.
Seems ok for me, another eye may want to look at this package.
Hmm, this package creates license files which are not in the original package.
There's no reason to do this, and I've always been of the opinion that you
generally shouldn't do this.
Otherwise, this package is fine. Let's get this and perl-Config-Std done and
then I'll sponsor you.
Hmm, no response in well over a month. Setting NEEDINFO; I'll close this ticket
soon if there's no response.
Created attachment 188891 [details]
cpanspec output without generated license code per request.
Drat, I thought I had CC'd myself on this ticket but somehow I hadn't and missed
your response. Plus it's still in NEEDINFO; I'm not sure why it didn't get set
back. Perhaps you didn't check the "I am providing the requested info..."
checkbox, although I didn't think it was required.
I'll go ahead and review this (although most folks would ask you to cut a new
srpm). But we still need to work out perl-Config-Std before I'm going to
sponsor you, and there's been no reply there in nearly two months.
When using cpanspec, you need to look over the generated specfile and
specifically the License: tag and fill it in with the appropriate value based on
what the license statements you find in the code and documentation.
In this case, the documentation seems silent, but the code (CreditCard.pm, near
the top) says:
# This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
# modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.
So the License: tag should contain "GPL+ or Artistic".
The license tag issue lears to the only rpmlint complaints:
perl-Business-CreditCard.noarch: W: invalid-license CHECK
perl-Business-CreditCard.noarch: W: invalid-license GPL
perl-Business-CreditCard.noarch: W: invalid-license Artistic
That's the only issue I see, so just fix up the License: tag and I'll approve
this package.
* is not correct.
* license is open source-compatible.
* license text not included upstream.
* latest version is being packaged.
* BuildRequires are proper.
* %clean is present.
* package builds in mock (development, x86_64).
* package installs properly
X rpmlint has valid complaints
* final provides and requires are sane:
perl(Business::CreditCard) = 0.30
perl-Business-CreditCard = 0.30-3.fc8
=
perl >= 1:5
perl(:MODULE_COMPAT_5.8.8)
perl(Exporter)
perl(vars)
* %check is present and all tests pass:
ok 1
ok.
Created new .spec file with license fixed. rpmlint no longer complains.
This one builds fine and rpmlint is clean. The issues I had are fixed.
APPROVED
Go ahead and apply for sponsorship and I'll take care of it.
I'm sponsoring you' there's no need for this ticket to block FE-NEEDSPONSOR.
I'm afraid that I haven't seen your sponsorship request come across, and a
search didn't turn up a Fedora Account System ID that looks like it might be
you, even though on IRC you said you already had one. Perhaps I just missed it;
what's your FAS ID?
So, it's been about four months now. I'm going to go ahead and revoke
sponsorship and close these tickets, but if you actually want to do something
with these packages then please let me know.
*** This bug has been marked as a duplicate of 452601 ***Many people have heard of chefs creating their signature dishes and products by hand, but Cuvaison Winery in Napa is one of the few Napa Valley wineries that applies that same technique to wine. This renowned winery is praised for its pinot noir and chardonnay wines, which are made by hand on the winery’s premises. It’s located directly across from the Domaine Carneros Winery, which means that wine lovers making a day of touring and tasting in Napa Valley can conveniently stop in to Cuvaison before or after checking out Domaine Carneros. Cuvaison was founded in 1969 and was eventually acquired by a Swiss family. Today, the winery encompasses hundreds of acres, many of which have either been planted or are ready to be cultivated.
Cuvaison History
Set amongst wineries that date back to the 1800s, Cuvaison is a relatively new player in the Napa Valley field. However, it has certainly earned a reputation for producing high-quality wines using a winning combination of ancient and new-age techniques. Cuvaison gets a nod of approval from many California residents for its commitment to environmentally-friendly practices, as its vineyards are all certified sustainable tracts of land. Cuvaison creates its wines using block-vineyard techniques, which helps to control and preserve the quality of its wines. The winery has been owned by the Schmidheiny family, who come from Switzerland, since 1979.
Wines
Among Cuvaison’s esteemed wine collections are an estate chardonnay, an estate sauvignon blanc and a vin gris of pinot noir. The sauvignon blanc is a light and fruity white wine with hints of guava, passion fruit and kiwi. It also has notes of zesty fresh lime juice. This wine was fermented in stainless-steel barrels, which means that it lacks the oaky flavor found in wines aged in French and American oak barrels. The Estate Chardonnay, rated at 90 points, has notes of citrus blossom, lime, white peach and honeysuckle.
Tastings
For those who want to taste the winery’s products in person, Cuvaison offers regular tastings in its beautiful tasting room. People can choose from several tasting package levels, starting with a base tasting level, called “Signature Tasting,” which lets them sample four of the winery’s estate wines. With the Brandlin tasting, guests learn about the winery’s history and take a tour of the property before sitting down to enjoy four of its most exclusive wines.
Wine Club
Customers who want to receive Cuvaison’s premier wines throughout the year can join its wine club. In addition to receiving regular wine shipments, they enjoy access to limited edition and rare wines. Club members are also invited to exclusive winery events held throughout the year.
The public is welcome to visit the winery in person. Once there, they can sip some of the winery’s best wines from the sweeping estate terrace overlooking the valleys of Napa Valley.To Report Abuse Call
1.800.96.ABUSE (22873)
In 2011, the MLH Auxiliary was established by a group of members who were inspired by Mary Lee Farrior’s passion to serve the abused and neglected children of Hillsborough County. The Auxiliary is currently comprised of over 240 members, each dedicated to helping Mary Lee’s House and further supporting its importance in this community.
1
Complete a membership application form.
2
Select your area of interest – the opportunities are endless!
3
Know that your commitment and time is helping children in need.
Auxiliary volunteers have an opportunity to make a difference in the life of our community’s most vulnerable children.
Enjoy membership events offering opportunities for involvement and education
Network with like-minded individuals from across Tampa Bay
Form new friendships with others who share your interest and goals while giving back
The mission of the Auxiliary is educational and charitable, focusing on promoting and supporting the mission of Mary Lee’s House. The Auxiliary’s principle objective is to highlight and enhance the work being accomplished by Mary Lee’s House.
Every child deserves a safe haven. Join us in the fight against child abuse and the care of its innocent victims. halo crystal huggie earring
14k solid yellow gold 6mm clicker hoop earring
14k solid yellow gold simple teeny tiny huggie
Details
Details
Product Description
Genuine OEM Yamaha Replacement Hood Seal for all 1996 and newer Yamaha Superjet Models. This direct replacement hood seal is the strongest and most durable seal available.
Part Number: GM6-62664-01-00
Additional Info
Additional Info
You may also be interested in the following product(s)
Blowsion Hood Seal
Blowsion Billet Hood Latch
Advisor Kumar, CS visit South Kashmir districts | KNO Interact with people at Shopian, Kulgam, Anantnag & Pulwama; Review developmental scenario JAMMU & KASHMIR Monday, September 10, 2018 Share Whatsapp Kashmir News Observer (KNO) SRINAGAR, SEPTEMBER 10 (KNO) : To have first-hand appraisal of the developmental scenario and ensure on-spot redressal of public grievances, Advisor to Governor, K Vijay Kumar accompanied by Chief Secretary BVR Subrahmanyam today conducted extensive tour of south Kashmir districts of Kulgam, Shopian, Anantnag and Pulwama. Divisional Commissioner Kashmir, Baseer Ahmad Khan, ADGP Law and Order Muneer Ahmad Khan and IGP Kashmir S P Pani accompanied them. At Kulgam, an protection bund near graveyard. A deputation of Qaimoo village requested for establishment of Degree College, up-gradation of girl’s high school, establishment of Mini Secretariat &MunsifCourt at Qaimoo, delegation from Frisal village demanded for establishment of Niabat, immediate start of work on approved degree college in Frisal and others. The Advisor gave patient hearing to the deputations and assured them that their genuine demands will be looked into. He also passed on spot directions for redressal of various grievances and directed the officers to maintain close liaison with the local population for timely redressal of people’s issues. On the occasion, Chief Secretary announced Rs 40 crore for augmentation of water supply schemes in the district. At Shopian, K Vijay Kumar chaired a meeting to review the progress on implementation of key flagship programmes and schemes. DDC Shopian Dr Owais Ahmed gave a comprehensive overview of the ongoing developmental projects under various sectors. The Advisor directed the concerned executing agencies to complete the works under developmental schemes on top priority basis including constriction of Fruit Mandi at Shopian, District Hospital, Polytechnic College, Mini Secretariat Complex, Trenz-Sheikhpora Bridge, Reshnagri Bridge, Bijbehara-Shopian Road, Aglar-Shopian Road and other projects including Gujjar & Bakerwal Hostel, macdamization of main and inner roads. Later the Advisor met delegations of different areas of the district who apprised him of their concerns and demands. K Vijay Kumar after giving patient hearing to the issues raised which includes macdamization of roads, protection of Irrigation Kuls, opening of Fire & Emergency Services centre, flood protection works, play fields, revenue complex at Zainapora, upgradation of High and Higher Secondary Schools etc. with Chief Secretary, Divisional Commissioner Kashmir, ADGP and IGP Kashmir held a public durbar which was attended by large number of people hailing from Jablipora, Awarwani, Subhanpora, Hassanpora, Sangam, Sethar, Naiyana, Halmullah, Gundinasir, Loktipora&Ziripora. Besides, members of Auqaf Committee of Sangam and Youth Club of Ziripara also met with the Advisor. At the last leg of his tour, the Advisor visited district Pulwama where several public deputations apprised him about their issue and demands pertaining to the development of their respective areas. Traders Federation Pulwama demanded construction of maternity hospital at Pulwama town for which 60 kanals of land is available at Sirnoo, release of pending payment for works at fruit mandi Pulwama, renovation of roads and beautification of Pulwama town. The delegations from Achgoza, Bamnoo, Kakapora, Awantipora, Pampore, Khrew, Gangoo, Wuyan, Chandigam, Tahab, Achan, Abhama, Rajpora, Gusoo and Barsoo demanded improved road connectivity, establishment of degree college, upgradation of schools, playgrounds, establishment of grid stations, macdamization of roads, up-gradation of health centers in these areas. Meanwhile, a delegation of industrialists from IGC Lassipora demanded revival of sick industries, development of IGC center and availability of medical facility for unit holders in the center. The Advisor listened to the demands, issues patiently and assured for their resolution in timely manner.. Author : KashmirNewsObserver News Source : Kashmir News Observer Place : SrinagarSoft4Boost Video Capture
- License:
- Shareware
- Price/Registration Fee:
- $24.95 USD Buy Now!
- File size:
- 40.74 MB
- Publisher:
- Sorentio Systems Ltd.
- Last Updated:
- 01/06/19
- Version:
- 5.3.5.959
- Review:
- Write a Review
- User Rating:
Soft4Boost Video Capture Description: Video Capture has a friendly interface with multilingual support.
Soft4Boost Video Capture capture, capture video, cameras, media formats, dvd video, tv tuner, vultimedia, video
MixPad Music Mixer and Recorder Free | Soft4Boost SuiteYes, more children are in school, and that is great. But too often they are not learning or they are not learning enough. Looking at the most recent data, we know that half of children in primary schools across the developing world are not able to read or write a sentence, and cannot do a simple two-digit math operation. That is why, at the World Bank, we argue that we are facing a global learning crisis.
That is bad; but it is not uniformly bad. If you are a Minister of Education in an Eastern European country, you should be worried because 20 percent of your primary school students do not meet the minimum level of proficiency in math. If you are a Minister of Education in a Latin American country, that number is almost 60 percent, and you have an extremely serious problem. But if you are a Minister of Education in Sub-Saharan Africa, you have an overwhelming challenge, because the number of kids who are not learning is almost 90 percent.
Wait. But, then at least we know about our illness, right? Well, only up to a certain extent. Two-thirds of countries have decent data about learning in math and reading comprehension. One third of countries barely have any data. India, for example, does not participate in international assessments and has only scattered national data. Moreover, we know that On that front, we don’t know how much learning is going on.
Wait again. But at least all kids are now in school, right? Well, not really. And that number is not even a fifth in low income countries. We have a global learning crisis in the quality of education, but in addition, we have not yet solved the “quantity” problem, as access is far from universal.
What should we do to tackle this learning crisis? Surprisingly, huge progress could be achieved if everyone in the education system would just do their job. It’s that simple. This means that everyone must recognize that his or her job has a direct and profound impact on whether students learn. Students’ learning ought to be the objective of their work.
Pedagogical experts should ensure a curriculum that clearly defines the skills students should learn throughout the schooling process. The curriculum must constitute an effective and useful guide for teachers (not become an incomprehensible phone book that nobody uses, as you still see in some Latin American countries). Administrators need to ensure that the inputs needed for effective learning—from the textbook, the lesson plan, and the chalkboard to the tablet and the software that helps students learn at their own pace—are all there, on time, and available to all schools.
Teachers have, first of all, to be present at school. This is not the case in many countries across Sub-Saharan Africa, such as Tanzania where 40 percent are absent from the school on any given day, or in Sindh, Pakistan, where until recently teachers working in Dubai—among other places—still collected a salary back home (the establishment of a school monitoring system fixed this). And when present, teachers must internalize that their job is not to passively teach, but to actively make sure that every student in the classroom learns (which is the case among successful systems in East Asia). And for the magic of learning to happen, teachers must be selected meritocratically (as in Finland or Singapore) and receive constant training, guidance, and feedback throughout their careers. Principals should be selected and trained to be managers of a complex institution that is the school, but they should also be pedagogical and institutional leaders who manage and inspire their workforce, with the end goal of making sure all students in the school learn.
As the focus is on learning, the only criteria to select and promote teachers has to be related to how effective they are in ensuring learning (which sounds obvious but is not happening in education systems where promotions are mainly linked to tenure); and principals must be evaluated according to their ability to manage the institution effectively (which also sounds obvious, but is not the case when they are politically appointed and cannot be removed if ineffective). And given than in any country, the education “service” has to be provided every day, in thousands of schools, with tens of thousands of teachers and for millions of students—like a vast conglomerate with thousands of points of service—there has to be an institutional commitment to equip the education system with a highly qualified bureaucracy to run it.
. Is this possible? Absolutely. It has happened in many countries where society took the political decision of devoting the financial, managerial and human resources, with patience and perseverance, to learning.
Ultimately, it comes down to politics. As the mayor of Sobral, a small poor municipality in the State of Ceará in northeastern Brazil—which has moved from the bottom of the ranking to being number one in learning outcomes in Brazil—told me a few weeks ago: “The political decision we made 15 years ago was to keep politics out of education, and all the actors in the education system are here to ensure that kids learn, which means that they are simply doing their job.”
Indeed there is a learning
Indeed there is a learning crisis - this brief points to what I constantly try to tell people that solving the mysteries of education failures is about data - we need to figure out what data should be collected that will help to create strategic intervention, learn how to collect it in a timely manner and disperse it quickly for utilization of planning and processing. That data then should lead to proper governance where the system uses evidence to inform improved practices that focus on putting the school head at the center of such improvements by ensuring they have the tools to fashion a learning environment that is fruitful for both teachers and students alike at the same time dynamically engaging the community. Another element is innovation - we need to start making schooling more innovative, creative and relevant to the community. As school that is separate from the needs of the community is not owned and cherished by those who need it. We need to ensure schools are using appropriate technology to enhance learning and find ways to be more effective by reaching outcomes not focusing on inputs. The last piece of the pie must be advocacy - a well functioning community where learning opportunities form the core focus must show that the community prospers in all ways due to a learning culture infused on all levels where the school is one of the focal entities, yet learning opportunities must be embedded in community goals and advocated for all to follow. This brief catches the main issues and reverberates well with the support we should be giving schooling and communities to make the changes necessary. Well done Jaime Saavedra
Estimado Jaime:
Estimado Jaime:
He leido minuciosamente tu articulo y lo veo muy valioso para concientizar a los políticos conservadores que se oponen a los cambios que la educación requiere. Sugiero incluir el rol que deben tener los padres, familiares y la cociedad en la educación. La creacion de valores en los niños es esencial para que puedan tener un pensamiento crítico y productivo en sus vidas.
Te agradeceré darme un link para obtener mas información sobre educacion en los paises en desarrollo.
Soy Peruano y vivo en Australia.
Agradezco tu gentileza
Con un fuerte abrazo
Cordialmente
Walter A. Apaestegui Gómez
Excelente articulo estimado y
Excelente articulo estimado y apreciado compatriota; soy orgullosamente Peruano y a la vez soy padre de familia de dos hermosas pequeñas (7 y 2) y me da mucho gusto y orgullo leer y compartir su articulo; pero, mas orgullo me da saber que un profesional Peruano (Al igual que yo - soy Abogado-) expone ante la comunidad académica internacional, los desafíos - en la educación - que se requieren asumir para que un país progrese.
Resumo en el ejemplo del estado de Ceará, Brasil; es decir que todo cambio debe empezar por la CLASE POLÍTICA, es decir, que nuestras autoridades realmente se preocupen por el Bien Común que es el Pueblo; ya que un país con EDUCACIÓN, es un pueblo que NADIE LO ENGAÑA; por que es un ciudadano que conoce sus deberes y derechos.
Muchos saludos y éxitos...!!!!
Atte.
André Manuel Medina Calderón
good article you prepare.
good article you prepare.
True, political will comes
True, political will comes first. Who can help children in 4th world to have educationally willing politicians?
Some compelling policies on part of donors and/or international orgs, for example?
A way out of unwilling politics has to be found if ALL development partners are sincere in our cry out for quality universal education and learning.
Add new commentOn Saxony-Anhalt Bashing
March 16, 2016
On Monday 14th March 2016, the day after Germany’s regional elections, the front page of my local newspaper, the Mitteldeutsche Zeitung, published in Halle, was dominated by the success of the Alternative for Deutschland (AfD). This party did not even exist the last time voters had chosen their representatives to the regional parliament (2011). It had attracted a limited following during the long-drawn-out crisis of the Euro, but the stream of refugees “welcomed” in Germany since September 2015 led to a strengthening of the party’s nationalist profile and brought it considerable notoriety in recent months. In Saxony-Anhalt the AfD received almost 1 in 4 of all votes cast on 13th March 2016. Its young and inexperienced leaders, almost all male, many of them small businessmen (not all of these very successful), do not have any semblance of a coherent political programme. They relied on just one cause to garner them votes. With every major party lining up behind the refugee policy of Angela Merkel (though with some differences of emphasis), voting for the Alternative was the only way to show that you disapproved of her Willkommenskultur. Sober commentators and senior politicians of the mainstream parties huffed and puffed in the days that followed. Most agreed that the results would make Mrs Merkel’s job even harder, and that the establishment parties would in future have to try harder to explain their policies to the electorate. Some commentators also suggested that, like other right-wing protest parties in past decades, the likelihood was that this nasty intruder would disappear from the scene in due course, perhaps even before the next elections.
I am not so sure. The three states which voted last Sunday could hardly be more different. In all three, voter participation was significantly above that of 2011. In Saxony-Anhalt it rose 10% to 61%. Participation was over 70% in the prosperous West German states of Baden-Württemberg and Rheinland-Pfalz, where the previous Prime Ministers, representing the Greens and the Social Democrats respectively, were re-elected. The Christian Democrats lost votes everywhere. There can be little doubt that their losses would have been even greater, had local leaders not repeatedly distanced themselves from Mrs Merkel (specifically rejecting her opposition to the idea of setting a ceiling on the numbers of migrants to be admitted). Despite this posturing, in Saxony-Anhalt the AfD scored 24%. The main losers here were the two parties of the left, the Social Democrats and the Left (the reformed ex-communist party, which remains strong in eastern Germany but generally fails to cross the 5% threshold in the western regions). The leadership of these left of centre parties lined up squarely behind the refugees policy of the Chancellor and evidently paid a high price for doing so (their combined share of the poll in Saxony-Anhalt was 27%). Merkel’s Christian Democratic colleague might have had to make way for an Alternative Prime Minister in Magdeburg, if he had not time and time again insisted that Saxony-Anhalt was full and made clear his opposition to taking in any more refugees.
The results unleashed a storm of criticism in the media all over the country. It was pointed out that, even compared with other xenophobic eastern regions, voters in Saxony-Anhalt had a particularly strong tradition of supporting extremist parties. My Faculty colleague, the distinguished sociologist Reinhold Sackmann, interviewed by the Mitteldeutsche Zeitung, cited evidence for high levels of xenophobia in the east and warned against a “culture of chauvinism”. In other words, voters for the AfD in this regional election should have considered the negative repercussions of their support in a globalized world (interview, Wednesday 16th March). The newspaper’s Chefredakteur was more explicit. On the day after the election he wrote of a “political earthquake” and bemoaned the fact that
“there is a latent potential for hatred of foreigners in Saxony-Anhalt, which many have closed their eyes to, and which the AfD has reactivated … The AfD has already ensured in recent weeks that Saxony-Anhalt is increasingly perceived nationally and internationally as xenophobic (fremdenfeindlich). This effect will be strengthened by this electoral success. Business investments, especially international, will become more difficult. After this lurch to the right, scientists, skilled workers and students will reflect three times before coming here. Tourism – in the Luther year of 2017 – will suffer in the same way.”
Hartmut Augustin, the author of these lines, criticized the other political parties for not doing enough to debate the issues with the AfD, thereby allowing it to succeed with its policy of propagating fear. I term this kind of commentary “Saxony-Anhalt bashing”. It is not new, and reinforces stereotypes held by most West Germans since unification.
The AfD is more than a noisy protest party: the völkisch rhetoric of some of its leaders is appalling and has led to calls for a ban. It stands for uncompromising conservatism in most fields, including education and family policy. Its economic priorities, however, are rather murky. Free-market economists lost out to the nationalists in the party in-fighting of 2014-5, and the party is opposed to free-trade agreements with the United States (TTIP). At the same time the AfD, with small businessmen conspicuous in the membership, is firmly committed to reducing government bureaucracy and, at least in Saxony-Anhalt, to abolishing current state supports for those unable to find regular jobs. This is interesting in the context of the statistics commonly invoked to explain reactionary politics in the eastern German regions. Unemployment in Saxony-Anhalt remains twice the average in the western states. The population is significantly older than the national average (qualified youth depart in droves for other regions). New immigrants will inevitably introduce competition in the lower segments of the labour market. It seems reasonable to consider these factors in explaining the appeal of the AfD. Within the boundaries Saxony-Anhalt the same logic applies: the AfD receives significantly more votes in districts where the economy and the conditions of social reproduction are weakest (particularly in the south of the state, including Halle). The party evidently profits from the frustrations of a population which has seen the old life-worlds destroyed and little done to create meaningful new ones. Yet rather than address these problems through state intervention, the AfD in Saxony-Anhalt celebrates individual initiative and entrepreneurship in its programmes (which perhaps not too many bother to read), while relying on the anti-refugee card to mobilize voters.
Are there larger lessons to be learned from these parochial election results? This German picture can be theorized in terms of a more general populist mobilization that is directly linked to the financial crisis and neoliberal capitalism more generally (Kalb and Halmai 2011). Karl Polanyi’s (1944) concept of the “double movement” is useful here. Politicians do not have to quote Polanyi, of course, but it is a little surprising that those on the left have not done more to understand and articulate the concerns of their traditional voting base. Although not all mainstream economists agree on the point, many argue that German business really needs these immigrants, both in the short term and the long term (given demographic trends). This may be so at the level of the national economy, but it provides little consolation to families in Saxony-Anhalt who have seen their communities hemorrhage population for the last 25 years. If the logic of the market is to prevail, then the refugees should be directed to those regions where their labour is needed. It is self-defeating and irrational to decide to accept large numbers of immigrants, and then insist on distributing them through federal quotas to places like Saxony-Anhalt. I have the same puzzle in understanding why the Chancellor, having opened the German borders, insists that other states without such robust economies should accept their Kontingente. Saxony-Anhalt is a proxy for the Visegrád countries, and of course they too are denigrated by mainstream commentators for failing to support the German elites in their altruistic humanitarian mission. Wolfgang Streeck is sharply critical of this “Visegrád bashing”, which he sees as a continuation of German self-righteousness (after an initial phase in late 2015 when it was sufficient to bash Hungary alone – see Streeck, forthcoming).
The proportion of the population in Baden-Württemberg with a history of recent immigration is much higher than in Saxony-Anhalt. This is partly because large numbers of Vertriebene Germans moved here following the Second World War (Beer 2014). Later, as the economy boomed, large numbers of Turks, Kurds and South Slavs were integrated without too much trouble (the last major wave came in the early 1990s following the disintegration of socialist Yugoslavia). I hear anecdotally in Tübingen that having such a migration background does not by any means guarantee that you will be more sympathetic to the latest arrivals. In many parts of Baden-Württemberg there is barely any unemployment, so that many of the new arrivals can be reasonably sure of finding a job as soon as the state allows them to work. Yet even here, the AfD scored over 15%. Were these voters all ultra-conservatives, worried about preserving their German identity? Or did they include significant numbers of working class voters anxious about the dilution of the labour market, even in their prosperous region, and who feel that their interests are no longer represented by any of the establishment parties? Is this not a problem common to many other countries in Europe and Eurasia?
References
Beer, Mathias (ed.) 2014 Baden-Württemberg – eine Zuwanderungsgeschichte. Stuttgart: Landeszentrale für politische Bildung.
Kalb, Don and Gábor Halmai (eds.) 2011 Headlines of Nation, Subtexts of Class. Working-class populism and the return of the repressed in neoliberal Europe. New York: Berghahn.
Polanyi, Karl 1944 The Great Transformation. The political and economic origins of our time. Boston: Beacon Press.
Streeck, Wolfgang 2016 Scenario for a Wonderful Tomorrow. Review of Martin Sandbu, 'Europe’s Orphan: The Future of the Euro and the Politics of Debt'. In London Review of Books Vol. 38 No.7, 31 March 2016, pp. 7-10.Nissan Rogue S
The 2017, a trip computer, air conditioning, tilt steering wheel, blind spot sensor, and remote keyless entry. Audio features include.Content Count2
Joined
Last visited
Community Reputation0 Neutral
About mattyspratty
- RankNewbie
Profile Information
- GenderMale
- LocationCambridge
What's the best track by.....
mattyspratty replied to bombfrog's topic in ChatJust like heaven
Who Is Missing?
mattyspratty replied to Rose-Colored Boy's topic in ChatWouldn't mind a bit of Circa Waves, Sundara Karma and Don Broco as wellProgramming Camp
Programming Camp
WITH A FOCUS ON GAMES DEVELOPMENT
What you need to know about this course
The Programming Camp introduces students to the basics of programming using Scratch & Unity3D. The focus of this short course is quick prototyping and execution of games for PCs. It aims to enhance logical thinking and problem solving skills through the exciting world of Games Development.
During this camp you will learn:
- To create a platformer game that has mechanics similar to the classic Super Mario
- The basics of programming using Scratch.
- To use Unity3d scripting: creating a 'space invaders' type of game.
- To use C# Programming language for to build your game.
To reserve a seat or for any inquiries, please contact:
Eliqa Jaafar or Otto Alfonso | +971 4 360 6456
e.jaafar@saedubai.com | o.alfonso@saedubai.com
- DURATION(S):
20 hours
- INTAKES:
- NEXT INTAKE:
Enrol By: N/A
Start Date: N/A
End Date: N/A
- COURSE TYPE:
Certificate
Entry requirements
There are no academic requirements to participate in this program.
Age group: 12-16 years.
Fees and Payments
1,500 AED
To reserve a seat or for any inquiries, please contact:
Eliqa Jaafar or Otto Alfonso | +971 4 360 6456
e.jaafar@saedubai.com | o.alfonso@saedubai.comExperienced Real Estate Attorney – Sophisticated Business Law Firm
NB2223222
Job Overview
Our client, a full-service Chicago based business law firm, is actively seeking a partner-level real estate attorney to join its busy practice. The real estate practice group represents a variety of diverse and high profile clients, ranging from banks and investors to large developers and corporate entities. Target candidates for this position will have significant experience leading real estate and financing transactions – experience with corporate transactions and business counseling is a plus. Some portable business and a history of business development is preferred but not required. Fantastic opportunity to join a dynamic practice in a mid-size Chicago law firm.5660
Job Detail
- Position TypePartner
- Employment TypeLaw Firm
- Practice AreasReal Estate
- Job IDNB2223222
-Hello
I wanted to know wha the interview process is going to be like. Are you looking to hire immediately?
Client Services Associate
Worth Clark, Inc.
|
posted about 2 years ago
FullTime | $30,000 | St Charles, MO, United States
Description:
Worth Clark Realty is a rapidly growing real estate brokerage, and ranked #89 on the Inc500 list of fastest growing companies in the country. Recently named a Best Place to Work by the St. Louis Business Journal, we’re looking for a customer service minded individual to join our award-winning team as a Property Management Support Associate. The right candidate will be cross trained in all areas of leasing and property management, and will be responsible for ensuring all property management support inquiries from landlords and tenants are handled timely and professionally.
In this role, you’ll play an integral role within of a dynamic group of people all striving to make Worth Clark Realty the recognized leader in residential real estate sales, leasing and property management.
Here are a few of the things this position entails:
- Providing outstanding customer service via phone, email, and ticketing systems
- Answering questions and assisting with rent payments, maintenance and repair coordination, and property management statements
- Investigate and resolve complaints from tenants and landlords
- Ensuring our all tenant and landlord inquiries are responded to in a timely manner
- Creating and maintaining various spreadsheets and documents
- Various other duties, tasks, and projects as they arise
Some of the character traits you should possess:
- Passionate about providing great customer service
- Resilient, and able to positively handle difficult situations
- Friendly and personable
- Ability to grasp, and quickly adapt to, new technologies
- Highly organized, and detail oriented
- Not afraid to tackle challenging situations
- Takes initiative, and doesn't work inside a box (a problem solver)
The type of work history, education, and background you should have:
- Experience in customer service and/or sales
- Experience working in an office environment
- Advanced Microsoft Office Skills
- High school diploma required, college degree preferred
This is an entry-level, salaried position that provides health insurance, 401(k), paid time off, telecommute flexibility, and other perks. Pay is $26,000 to $32,000 depending upon skills and experience. There will be plenty of room for advancement, as the company continues to grow.
Please send your resume, with a cover letter. Your cover letter is more important than your resume - without it, your resume won't be considered. This will 1.) let us know you've read this and care enough to write a personalized message, 2.) display your writing skills, and 3.) let us know about the type of person you are.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $26,000.00 to $32,000.00 /year
Required education:
- High school or equivalent
Required experience:
- Customer Service: 1 year
Industry
Hello
How many openings do you have ?
Hi
What about my shortlisted candidate?The Nurgle servants come to stink out the pitch
Editor’s Note: The “Nurgle Team” DLC is not a free in-game update or part of a free DLC package. The aforementioned DLC costs $6.99 on their respective platforms (Steam, Xbox Games Store and PlayStation Network). The links within are US only.
Blood Bowl 2, the sequel to the video game adaptation of Games Workshop’s famous board game that combines American football with the fantasy world of Warhammer, today welcomes a new race on its pitch: The Nurgle team. Its team, recognizable by their unremitting stench, can count on their fearsome players to win, such as the Beast of Nurgle. The Nurgle are available on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC and Mac. decent poor Agility value and Move rate, and do not make good ball bearers. With such a terrible average Move rate, these worshippers of the Chaos god, Nurgle, could find themselves being beaten not just by the opposing side, but also the clock!
We remind you that the new edition of the mythical board game Blood Bowl will release on November 25. Players can preorder it now and get 50% off the video game Blood Bowl 2 on Steam, as well as other exclusive bonuses!
:The Chrysler Group announced in a news release that it has achieved growing sales numbers in markets outside the United States in the second quarter of 2007. From April to June, the Chrysler Group sold 159,993 vehicles outside of the U.S., an increase of 10.2 percent compared to the same period of 2006.
These second quarter figures include a sales increase of 10.7 percent in Canada (70,148 units) and a 20.4 percent sales increase outside of North America (61,743 units). In line with the decline of the automotive industry in Mexico during the second quarter, DaimlerChrysler Mexico sales fell 8 percent to 28,102 units. The increases in sales were driven by strong customer interest in the Chrysler Group's new fuel-efficient models including the Chrysler Sebring, Jeep Compass, Jeep Patriot, Dodge Avenger and the Dodge Caliber, the company said.
."
SOURCE: Chrysler GroupMembership Application
IMPORTANT: You will need a PayPal account or valid credit card to complete the online registration.
If you do not have a credit card or PayPal account, please download our PRIMAA Membership Application, and mail it to us with a cheque, or you can bring cash or cheque to a PRIMAA event. Our mailing address and instructions are listed here.
Memberships are only $50 per year and get you one full year of membership from the time of payment.
MEMBER BENEFITS
Member benefits include the following:
- Access to all PRIMAA member events and workshops
- Access to PRIMAA's members-only Gear Rental Program NEW
- Discounted rates for PRIMAA events like the Frantic48 and Frightening48
- Discounted festival pass rate for the Reel Shorts Film Festival
- Free access to PRIMAA's monthly Film Stew film project development group
- Voting privileges in our AGM
- Access to social networking events and our newsletter.Advertisements
Tag Archives: Toronto
As much as I love buying new…
As much as I love buying new, there is something exciting as finding some treasure lonh forgotten. Records and books are worth it alone. A handy Google map of thrift stores in Toronto: (via @phillmv / reddit) Advertisements
Posted in Shopping, Uncategorized Tagged goodwill, salvation army, shopping, thrift, Toronto 1 CommentRoundup: 10 Creative IKEA Play Kitchen Makeovers
:format(jpeg)/)
The IKEA Duktig play kitchen is a popular item for families around the world, but it has a bit of a generic feel. It is also easily customizable, however; so many have given it a more personalized feel by changing the colors, adding metallic details and even creating backsplashes and storage. Here are ten super creative IKEA play kitchen makeovers that are sure to inspire you!
:format(jpeg)/)
1. This one has a whole new color scheme, with gold "hardware" and floral wallpaper. Real all about the transformation here. [Photo: Anchors and Honey]
:format(jpeg)/)
2. Here we have a mod take on the Duktig, with some fun pops of color. Check out the tutorial here. [Photo: Little Years]
:format(jpeg)/)
3. This mint green version has a bit of a retro vibe, along with a fun herringbone "backsplash." Read all about the project here. [Photo: Miss Audrey Sue]
:format(jpeg)/)
4. There's nothing subtle about this incredibly fun makeover which gives the kitchen a colorful, eclectic feel. Read more about it here. [Photo: Visual Vocabularie]
:format(jpeg)/)
5. This one has a more monochromatic look, with muted colors and black and white wallpaper. Check out the tutorial here. [Photo: The Inspired Room]
:format(jpeg)/)
6. This one has a more grown up look, for the serious kid chef. Read all about it right here. [Photo: Copy Cat Chic]
:format(jpeg)/)
7. Gold spray paint and some fun leopard print fabric give this Duktig a whole new look. Read more here. [Photo: By Rose Grip]
:format(jpeg)/)
8. Gray paint and a pretty teal towel are the most noticeable changes to this Duktig. Check out the details here. [Photo: Because It's Awesome]
:format(jpeg)/)
9. A faux marble countertop and a peel-and-stick tile backsplash give this kitchen a super trendy look. Real all about it here. [Photo: The Shaker House]
:format(jpeg)/)
10. And last but not least, the subway tile on this one gives it a more realistic look. Read about it here. [Photo: Craftykins]
:format(jpeg)/)
View/Add CommentsFor Now Sofa
Designed by Chris Liljenberg Halstrøm
The minimal For Now Sofa was created for +Halle and designed by Chris Liljenberg Halstrøm, a Copenhagen-based designer. Just looking at this piece you can already see how comfortable this sofa would be. The homely comfort has been built into this sofa through the layered construction and strong Oak frame that wraps around the exterior of the chair. The soft colour palette that the designer decided to use really works well with the soft design features.
Tom Box
Founder of Digital Habitus and John & Douglas, a passionate advocate for minimalist design, content creation and digital marketing.USDOT guidance summary for connected vehicle deployments performance measurement.
- Published Date:2016-07-01
- Language:English
Details:
- Creators:
- Corporate Creators:
- Corporate Contributors:
- Publication/ Report Number:FHWA-JPO-16-341
- Resource Type:
- Geographical Coverage:
- TRIS Online Accession Number:1632633
- Corporate Publisher:
- Subject/TRT Terms:
- Abstract:The document provides guidance to Pilot Deployers in the timely and successful completion of the Connected VehiclePilot Concept Development Phase deliverables, specifically in the area of performance measurement. Guidance isprovided in developing the Performance Measurement and Evaluation Support Plan in Task 5, identifying performancemeasurement needs in the Concept of Operations (ConOps) in Task 2 and corresponding requirements in the SystemRequirements Specification (SyRS) document in Task 6, and other activities related to conducting performancemeasurement at Connected Vehicle (CV) Pilot Sites.
The document provides definitions of key concepts and terms used in the BAA and summary of key challenges thatmay affect performance measurement of the CV pilots, including methods that can be used to overcome them. Thedocument also identifies the key deliverables that will benefit from the performance measurement guidance in thisdocument, and a summary of the technical support, including USDOT scheduled webinars and workshops, that isavailable to the Sites.
This document does not replace or alter the work statement defined in the Broad Agency Announcement (BAA); ratherit provides technical guidance to the pilot deployers in completing the tasks and deliverables described in the statementof work.
- Collection(s):
- Funding:
- Supporting Files:No Additional Files
No Related Documents.
You May Also Like:Quality Dallas AC Repair
See Why Your Neighbors Love Working with Us: 972.597.2002 an.
Reach out to 972.597.2002 the moment you have an air conditioning concern. We can help!
When Your AC Needs Repair Today.
For HVAC service that stands out from the rest, call the trusted air conditioning specialists at (972) 597-2002. We are proud to serve our community.global warming.
Global cooling?
Watts Up With That reports that:
New Zealand has had its coldest October in 64 years. Such a cold October has occurred only four times in the past 100 years, the last time in 1945.
In the USA the October temperatures were the 3rd coldest in 115 years..
A convenient mistruth?
There is a report of a small child mauled by a dog. It is headline news. Hereafter toddlers are frequently mauled by dogs for a while until the press becomes bored. There are then no reported incidents of toddler mauling for a couple of years. Who believes that there have been no attacks for the intervening years? However, when the headlines concern global warming, which has conveniently morphed into climate change, the journalists who write the Armageddon-like headlines do not like to write anything which interferes with the main thrust of their message, even if this is official information.
Photo Gallery
My Apps
Calendar
There are no upcoming events to display.
Every student in Davidson County today will enter a workforce that will require technological competency, creativity, innovation, communication skills and entrepreneurship abilities to compete successfully in our global environment. It is our goal and responsibility to provide every student the opportunities to graduate with those skills and competencies. Our Strategic Plan is a map we will use to guide the Davidson County School District in obtaining goals to ensure our students and our employees, are prepared for the challenges of today’s world. pm on Friday, July 13th ($5-10 donation suggested, BYOB). TIN/BAG is trumpeter Kris Tiner and guitarist Mike Baggetta. I spoke with Baggetta by phone before this week’s show. That interview is below, along with video and audio.
Mike Baggetta said, “It’s funny; for the entire length of this project, I’ve been East Coast and [Kris Tiner’s] been West. The two of us met in 2001 at the Kennedy Center in DC. We were both part of Betty Carter’s Jazz Ahead, an education program run by the great Betty Carter. We hit it off, realizing we shared similar aesthetic interests and viewpoints
“Back then we collaborated by sending music through the mail – internet might have even been dial-up – and talked things over on the phone. It started quickly when Kris booked shows in California and we made our first recording in 2002 or 2003. We were just talking about coming up on the 15th anniversary of TIN/BAG. We’ve been developing that music ever since.”
Baggetta said, “I’ve never been in a project that lasted this long. The closest has been about half the time I’ve worked with Kris. But I’ve been a sideman with many people and I’ve been leader on a lot of records and so has he. Everything we’ve done has aided the evolution of this music.”
The duo – though Baggetta is quick to point out a tradition of guitar and trumpet duos in the music, from George Barnes and Ruby Braff to Ralph Towner and Paolo Fresu – staked out their own sonic territory through these winding developments. Comparisons to Bill Frisell’s pastoral flights of Americana are apt, but I also hear Satie and New Quartet Keith Jarrett and Carla Bley and ineffable qualities specific to these two voices.
Other critics agree. One of my favorite writers about the music, Jim Macnie, said, .”
About the unique compositional language of TIN/BAG, Baggetta said, “We both write specifically for the sonic and textural spaces of these two instruments. One of the most important things is we’re both conscious of what each voice creates. We’re both interested in extended technique; how far we can expand what we can do. People often think, ‘Oh, okay, the trumpet is handing the melody, and the guitar provides rhythm.’ But often I’ll seek a new way to approach the melody while he finds a rhythm part on the trumpet; we’re not trapped in roles.” Tracks like “Aurobindo” from 2011 album Bridges show off that swapping and shaking off preconceived roles with Bagetta’s guitar hanging notes in the air like stars with Tiner’s trumpet providing sparse rhythmic accents.
Alongside their originals that distill epic ideas into concise, razor-sharp packages, they also have a taste for covers. As Bagetta said, “Most of the time we spend together is on tour so there’s a lot of time in the car. That leads to covering old country and vocal pop standards – Willie Nelson, Bob Dylan, Leonard Cohen. It’s an interesting challenge to work with this material that’s organized so differently from what we write.”
In the cover-song corners of their repertoire, they achieve a similar searching intelligence and respect for the song. Their version of Leonard Cohen’s “One of Us Cannot Be Wrong” in the video below, highlights the glowing melody but also hints at the dark, smirking humor of lyrics like “I showed my heart to the doctor and he said I’d just have to quit. Then he wrote himself a prescription and your name was mentioned in it.”
Mike Baggetta talked about looking forward to the tour and especially to playing Filament. “We made a record last year, and it’s coming out next year but we try not to let too much time go by without playing live. We’re looking forward to coming to Filament; I haven’t played the room yet but everything I’ve heard has been extremely positive. Places like that and people like [Gerard Cox] are very valuable. It’s important to create a space for people to check out things where they might not otherwise get an opportunity.”The Hillary Clinton & Bernie Sanders Meeting Might Not Lead To What You Think It Will
The D.C. Democratic primary on Tuesday not only marks the end of the primary season but also the beginning of the tango between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton. The two will have their first face-to-face since she became the party's presumptive nominee after voting in the nation's capital wraps up. She wants his endorsement — a big step toward winning his supporters — and a drama-free convention. But he wants a progressive Democratic party platform in exchange. So how will that play out between now and Philadelphia in July? Here's what we know about what the Clinton & Sanders' meeting might really mean.
It doesn't seem that Tuesday will be the night Sanders suspends and endorses Clinton — despite the increasing pressure now that President Obama, Vice President Biden, and Elizabeth Warren have all endorsed her. Instead, based on his comments earlier Tuesday, he's likely to push for changes in the Democratic Party. Even though his revolution hasn't transformed the nation, it can at least shake things within the party, he must be thinking. "The time is long overdue for a fundamental transformation of the Democratic Party," he said at a press conference Tuesday, called at the last minute, just hours before his planned meeting with Clinton.
It looks like he has a long list of demands that he hopes the party will implement — and most of them should sound familiar. There are two areas that he's focused on. One is an overhaul of the primary process and party rules — starting with the party leadership. He called for someone who is "who is vigorously supporting and out working to bring people into the political process," potentially a dig at Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the current DNC chairwoman who has been seen as a closet Hillary supporter in favor of superdelegates deciding the election's outcome.
Among the changes he hopes new leadership would implement are open primaries that allow independents and Republicans to participate, the elimination of superdelegates, same-day voter registration, and increased resources for timely counting of ballots.
But that's not all. His other focus Tuesday wash his hope to cement the party as a progressive force. "We are going to fight as hard as we can to create a Democratic Party, which represents the working families and the low-income people in this country open the party to young people," he said at the press conference, stressing the way to do this was with "the most progressive platform ever passed by the Democratic Party."
These are the issues the two are likely to talk about. Sanders himself said on CBS' Face The Nation Sunday that he wanted to get a sense from Clinton about the platform, naming income inequality, healthcare, and student loan debt as the most important issues to him. "I look forward to sitting down with Sec. Clinton to see what kind of platform she is going to support and in fact how aggressive she is going to be in addressing the major crises that we face," he said on the program.
During the meeting he plans to "put his cards on the table," aides told CNN, adding that Sanders respects Clinton. They predict the meeting will be "amicable and hopefully constructive." Clinton aides have also been positive about Clinton's outlook. "She looks forward to the opportunity to discuss how they can advance their shared commitment to a progressive agenda, and work together to stop Donald Trump in the general election," a Clinton campaign official told Reuters.
Sanders has increasingly been speaking out against Trump instead of attacking Clinton. "Our goal must not be to allow politicians, Donald Trump or anyone else, to divide us," he said at Tuesday's news conference. "Let me make it very clear if I haven't 10,000 times previously, I think Donald Trump is totally unfit to be president of the United States."
Whatever agreements he and Clinton come to, it might not be clear until Thursday. That's when Sanders plans to direct his grassroots supporters via live video from Burlington, Vermont, a Sanders' spokesperson Michael Briggs said. "I expect that he will be a candidate through the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, as he has said before," Briggs added.
At least that's the story before Tuesday's meeting. Maybe Clinton can convince Sanders to hop on board a little sooner.If you’ve been offered a settlement agreement by your employer then you’ll want to obtain legal advice from a professional who is an expert in that field. In this article we take a look at what settlement agreements are and who you should be looking to obtain legal advice from on your settlement agreement.
What is a settlement agreement?
A settlement agreement is a contract regulated by statute which allows an employee and an employer to settle an existing or potential legal dispute (whether this was in the Employment Tribunal, County Court or High Court). This contract normally involves the employee waiving (or settling( some or all of the potential (or existing) claims that they may have against their employer in return for some form of payment. This payment may be financial (such as the payment of a sum of money and/or other contractual benefits, such as the provision of a company car or allowing the employee to keep their company mobile telephone) and/or it may include non-financial elements, such as the provision of an agreed reference and/or offering the employee outplacement services after they leave their employment.
In order for a settlement agreement to be valid, it must (among other things) have a certificate of advice which certifies that the employees has received legal advice on their settlement agreement from a legal adviser who is independent of the employer. We’ll have a look below at who can potentially be deemed to be a legal adviser.
Who should you obtain legal advice on your settlement agreement from?
In order for your compromise agreement to be valid, you must obtain legal advice from one of the following types of “legal adviser”:
- A solicitor or barrister
- A suitably qualified Trade Union official
- A suitably qualified Citizens Advice Bureau employee or volunteer
Redmans Solicitors’ employment law solicitors are expert in providing advice on compromise agreements (soon to be renamed settlement agreements) to employees and employers. Please get in touch with us today if you wish to obtain advice on such an agreement.
Please note, “compromise agreements” change their name to “settlement agreements” on 29 July)
[…] Employment Tribunal held that Mrs Vincent’s compromise agreement was a valid agreement (as it met all of the requirements in section 203(3) Employment Rights Act 1996) and that she had an arguable case that there had been a material misrepresentation by Horizon […]Rose McGowan interview: 'I didn't want him on my obituary and I still don't'
On the set of her GQ Men Of The Year Awards photoshoot in London, Rose McGowan decides that she has had enough of Tame Impala’s lackadaisical charm and opts for music with more energy, more urgency, more... her – and so chooses her own song, “RM486”, to play over the speakers, followed by her new track “Sirene”, whose pulsating electronica brings to mind the Drive soundtrack, with McGowan’s whispering vocals forcing their way through.
From here on out McGowan will only play her own songs during the shoot. Yes, Rose McGowan literally dances to the beat of her own drum. The 45-year-old’s hair is a newly cut pixie-crop-slash-buzz-cut. “I feel amazing now that I’ve cut my hair,” she says. “Something I really noticed [with] having short hair was that people seemed to be able to hear the words coming out of my mouth for the first time in my life.”
McGowan’s story drove the seismic Me Too movement, saw the takedown of one of the most powerful producers in Hollywood and made history with a hashtag. It began on 15 August 1997, when Harvey Weinstein reached a $100,000 settlement with McGowan, who was 23 at the time, binding her to not pursue legal action against him after she alleged that he raped her at the Sundance Film Festival earlier that year, in Weinstein’s hotel suite (Weinstein has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex). News of McGowan’s settlement was first reported by the New York Times on 5 October 2017. That was the moment the dam burst, with the New Yorker, the New York Times and others reporting on dozens of women’s experiences with Weinstein, going back decades. And in May of this year, Weinstein was charged with rape, criminal sexual act and predatory sexual assault for incidents involving three separate women.
McGowan became the spearhead for taking down Weinstein and since then much has been said about her story, from growing up in the Children Of God cult to her emancipation from her parents aged 15 to later entering Hollywood, where she was initially known for her indie film roles (The Doom Generation, Scream and later Quentin Tarantino’s Death Proof), as well as playing Paige Matthews in the TV series Charmed for five years.
In her memoir, Brave, McGowan details her encounter with Weinstein, though she never mentions him by name, instead referring to him as “the Monster”. She says that the book took three-and-a-half years to write. The takedown of Weinstein, she points out, took decades. “This has been a 20-year project of mine to bring this person down. I realised I was also bringing a power structure down and that it could inspire others to do the same – and that’s winning.”
Initially, McGowan was reluctant to speak out as she didn’t want Weinstein’s name to be forever linked with hers.
“I didn’t want him on my obituary,” she says, “and I still don’t. And I think I’m not done, so hopefully what I do in the future can cancel him out from my obituary. I also think you can write your own obituary, just like I didn’t name him in my book. That was the unholy joke of it all. I never named him because his name is so ugly it didn’t belong in the beautiful words that I wrote.”
Before we meet, Weinstein has just given his first interview since his arrest and indictment to the Spectator USA. I ask McGowan whether she was surprised to see him giving interviews. “No. He’s a sociopath,” she says sharply. “The people who continually surprise me are the disgusting people who take money from him and work on his behalf, because I think that they’re more guilty than he is. He’s got something wrong in his head; what’s their excuse?”
It was McGowan coming forward that propelled the #MeToo hashtag, which in fact dates back to 2006 (when activist Tarana Burke started it to empower survivors of sexual abuse who didn’t typically have access to counselling) and actress Alyssa Milano encouraged its use after the Weinstein story broke to draw attention to ongoing sexual assault and harassment. Gwyneth Paltrow, Ashley Judd, Jennifer Lawrence and Uma Thurman were just a few of the figureheads to follow, as well as 1.7 million people from 85 countries, who Twitter recorded tweeting about the movement in just nine days. Social media acted as the control pad to a bulldozer, with impact stories coming out there ahead of the news channels. The Weinstein story went viral, but in a way that hadn’t been seen before. Not just for a few hours, but for weeks and then months the conversation continued and the culture began to change. Attitudes were finally questioned.
I ask McGowan why women felt able to speak out at that point.
“What I wanted to do was lay the framework for people to speak. I didn’t actually speak in those [New York Times] articles – I gave them documents and some help in setting up – because I wanted these other women to have a voice and by them having a voice it would inspire other women and men and any gender to realise they can do it too. It was social media that brought about that conversation and people tweet me and then I follow them and then [we] have direct conversations and I help.”
Aside from social media, she’s had conversations over the phone with people sharing their experiences of Weinstein. “I spoke to [Italian actor] Asia Argento and helped guide her to come out and she was very brave. [She] is very brave.” She says the same of Annabella Sciorra. “I spoke to some of the women... It was hard for them, because they only had about two weeks to get used to the idea, whereas I’d had 20 years of planning.”
McGowan now sees them taking back their power. “This is the first time in recorded history that women are being believed – grudgingly, but being believed,” she says firmly, adding, “What’s very interesting to me is that it took a men’s magazine to give me an award, because no women’s magazines have stepped up. People always assume that I have support from feminist foundations or women’s magazines and I can say that’s not true. They have been silent.”
The word McGowan uses most throughout our interview is “hard”. A word that she uses to sum up the fallout and her current situation so often that it should lose meaning but somehow, with her intent stare and the emphasis with which she sounds out the word, it becomes stronger and starts to echo. “I have no stake in this game. I’m not making any money off this. In fact, I’ve lost money. This is not for personal gain. This is just because there’s massive injustice in the world.”
Although social media has been a positive source of progress, the impetus to speak out on painful subject matters, as well as the backlash she’s received, has taken its toll. “What people don’t realise is that this affects me. A lot of times people think I tweet things in this rabid rage. In fact, I’m crying when I do it.”
The stress from this past year resulted in McGowan having painful back spasms and prompted her to start smoking for the first time two months ago. “My aunt suggested it to me as a stress relief and I know it’s not good for my health but it has helped me.”
Her outspoken anti-Hollywood statements – Twitter, she says, is where she goes more “fireball” – have seen her tweets go global, but they’ve also seen her dropped by her agent (McGowan was dismissed in 2015 for pointing out sexism in a casting call for an Adam Sandler movie). Soon after the New York Times article, she was also temporarily suspended on Twitter. The social-media platform claimed one of her tweets included a private phone number, which violated the company’s terms of service. McGowan describes it bluntly as “a mindfuck”. A global protest of well-known figures followed, boycotting the platform until McGowan was allowed back. “There’s something very peculiar about making things go viral, you know, which is a habit of mine,” she says, laughing.
All things considered, McGowan tells me that, right now, she’s in a good place. “I’m hugely optimistic and hugely hopeful and generally a happy person,” she says, adding that it doesn’t always come across upon first introductions. “A lot of people flinch when they meet me. They’re scared of me and it makes me laugh. I’m like, ‘Oh, bless.’ I’m a kitten, unless you piss me off, in which case I’ll rip your head off, but only if I have to.”
Perhaps unsurprisingly, throughout the interview, McGowan’s most prominent characteristic is her focus on fighting injustice. Our Inspiration award is a credit to her unblinking determination in affecting change, standing up to years of relentless takedowns, both on and offline. McGowan sums up her approach: “You know, I realised a long time ago I was hated just for existing, existing on a large scale. So I just thought, ‘You know what? I’ll give them a reason to hate me. I’m going to go even bigger. I might as well change the world.’”
Now read:
Olly Alexander: 'We aren't anywhere near true equality'
Harry Kane interview: 'I don't think anyone expected us to get that far'Chef And Sommelier Sublym All Purpose 350ml
Preces apraksts angļu valodā:
Chef & Sommelier's Sublym line, which features a perfectly balanced bowl and a tall, exceptionally refined stem, is sure to add to your table's elegance.Enjoy all kinds of wine with this collection of five stemmed glasses ranging in size from 25 cl to 55 cl. The glasses feature an extremely narrow rim, making them very comfortable to use when tasting. In addition, because they are made out of Kwarx, the glasses resist breakage to an unparalleled degree.The Sublym flute was made using the latest foam technology to create the perfect effervescence.Identical twin sisters Michelle and Teresa Frizziola are rookie NYPD cops with cherubic faces, ponytails and a fondness for talking about shades of red nail polish – but they’re far tougher than they look.
With their dazzling smiles and diminutive stature – Teresa is 5-foot-3 and Michelle just an inch taller – it’s easy to see them as “girly girls,” rather than the fourth-degree karate black belts they are.
“We get that a lot,” Michelle chuckled, when told how they don’t look terribly frightening.
And yet, the 23-year-old spitfires have been selected to represent the NYPD at the World Police and Fire Games in Vancouver, BC, this summer.
Each is a practitioner of Goju-ryu karate, a type of martial arts that originated in Okinawa, Japan, relying upon “hard” and “soft” elements, much like the two sisters themselves.
They are students of Eddie Calla on Staten Island, and they have won, along with a third teammate, three consecutive USA National Karate Federation championships.
“We’ve fought each other many times,” admits Michelle, a cop at Brooklyn’s 70th Precinct.
“Sometimes she wins, sometimes I win,” added Teresa, who is assigned to the Midtown South Precinct.
They began studying martial arts at the age of seven, although they weren’t both always sold on the idea.
“I wanted to study ballet,” Michelle admits.
With a bit of encouragement by Teresa – and gentle prompting by their dad, Chuck – the pair stuck with karate.
“We were 10 when we became black belts,” recalls Michelle.
On their 16th birthday, the sisters reached yet another milestone – they were awarded third-degree black belt status.
In November 2007, while in the Police Academy, they were promoted yet again, to fourth-degree black belt, a level of physical proficiency that probably left some male recruits disheartened.
“I think they were just surprised at how strong we were,” Teresa offered.
“We got a few good punches in on them,” said Michelle.
Their martial-arts prowess has been met with humor and appreciation by the men they’ve met, they insist.
“Actually,” said Michelle, referring to men on the force, “they say, ‘If I’m going to get involved in anything, I’m just gonna send for her!’ “
philip.messing@nypost.comAvogadro is a free, open source, cross-platform molecular editor designed for flexible use in computational chemistry, molecular modeling, bioinformatics, materials science, and related areas. Packages are available for Windows, Linux and Mac OS X. The source code source is available under the GNU GPLv2.
Avogadro is now interfaced with Abinit thanks to Matthieu Verstraete.
For more details about this release, see:Best Antivirus Program 2018
There are a few different choices we all could possess picked in this category and the biggest purpose we’ve picked Bitdefender two times in a row is because with regards to AV coverage, all of us choose to strong and tranquil type. In the event you’re considering upgrading right from older versions of Glass windows, such as VISTA, Vista, several, almost eight or perhaps eight. you, wish all set to maintain your new Home windows 10 PERSONAL COMPUTER virus-free. The drawback, yet , is that could Malwarebytes detects a ransomware, it could have the ability to encrypt a few data. Final conclusion: Commissioned lab tests and our very own testing display that the machine-learning detection engine in Cylance Smart Antivirus really can easily identify spyware, however it is lacking in the full range of safeguard features found in many competitors. As for reward features, it offers very much more than many contending commercial goods. Bitdefender handily wins PCMag’s antiphishing test out, protecting you from fraudulent websites the kind that pretend to be your commercial lender, PayPal, and so forth better than anything else.
The major advantage user ratings and ratings of antivirus software is normally you can acquire a feeling of how the product operates in real life. Products that placed highest in most three areas were Kaspersky Lab Endpoint Security 20. 3, Symantec Endpoint Security 14. 0 and Endpoint Protection Impair 22. 11, and Phenomena Micro Workplace Scan doze. The top way to make certain the Home windows six COMPUTER is covered is to employ a different anti-virus computer software, either alongside Windows Defensive player, or perhaps instead of that. It gives you consistent anti-virus coverage with heuristic diagnosing program almost all prepared meant for an on-access proper protection. McAfee Cellular Protection is a popular iOS antivirus software that provides you with a plethora of features to detect, fight and prevent breaches.
Past technology genius and fugitive out of Central American the legal Steve McAfee, worn out of receiving email right from people complaining about McAfee anti-virus products, contains put up an enjoyable video educating visitors tips on how to “uninstall” his eponymous application. Since I actually already apply many best anti virus trend minuscule, quickhill, etc nevertheless the can not offer real period security and decelerate laptop or computer frequently. But you need not spend a lot — many antivirus security protection software products are sold online with regards to much a reduced amount of than all their list prices. When it comes down to it, the most crucial matter when choosing antivirus software is how very well this can preserve your system against both noted and strange dangers.
What you avoid wish to accomplish is have two anti virus programs operating at once. Full-scale security fits improve security to include such things as spam selection and parent control. Just for Windows twelve users the newest Bitdefender Totally free AV along with their standalone BD Anti-Ransomware which is in fact also free of charge offers good protection. Within our hands-on testing, Norton Rated antivirus Basic outscored every other latest item apart from Webroot. For example , in adjustments you can rush into the antivirus software menu just for record check and choose a secureness level low, method, or high, or search including more by simply simply clicking Advanced Settings to bring up numerous choices.
We all did certainly not discover outcomes with respect to: perfect antivirus security software computer software, top rated antivirus security software, ideal malwares security. Nonetheless there are many no cost antivirus and anti-spyware programs which usually provide you with the majority of features which will a paid reliability computer software gives. Automotive Sandbox technology is a unique characteristic of Rated antivirus with regards to Home windows. Generally not really having sufficient antivirus cover can cause corruption or perhaps accidental deleting of significant Windows data. Guard your computer with this first-rate security software program suites. This version with their free anti-virus comes with a new look, but falls short of features present in other no cost products – including the provider’s personal previous(”)}Janitorial Careers At Clean As A Whistle LLC
Are you looking for a great career with a company that wants to hire and keep all star employees for their entire career? Our crew members are proud to be apart of a company that supports them and helps provide for their future! Here are a few of the many benefits that we offer:
- Competitive Pay
- IRA Match
- Paid Vacation Benefits
- Growth Opportunities
- Managerial Postions Available In Certain Areas
- Promote From Inside The CompanyDrop into this Tulbagh restaurant for a winter warmer
When winter arrives in the Cape, most of us batten down the hatches and start making red meat casseroles and cracking open a delicious bottle of red wine to go with it. In the end this does begin to get a bit much and what we are really hankering to do is to get out – take a drive into the country – and guess what? Do the same thing in a new locale!
You also might like: 5 Things You Should do When Visiting Tulbagh
One of the best places to go and feel like you’ve left the rest of the world behind is Waverley Hills, between Tulbagh and Ceres. Not only have they got a superb range of wines to go with the whole thing but the restaurant there is adept at making some of the best Cape comfort food you will eat. Twin fire places and soft leather chairs to sink into as well as the glorious views over the – usually – snow-capped mountains make it irresistible. Chef Francois du Toit is a master at making it all happen with things like venison loin with beetroot jus, and a superb Wagyu beef burger that will keep the man in your life enthralled. And his pork belly is legendary in these parts. Homemade pizzas and tomato bredie, like Ouma used to make, are favourites with regulars. So get in your car and see for yourself.
You also might like: Lunch at the Governor’s Restaurant at Rijk’s in Tulbagh
Words Greg Landman
Photography SuppliedSomeone robbed the Post Office around the corner from my house in Galway. Later, I heard that two criminals had broken in the night before. They came down through the roof, and waited until the manager arrived in the morning. They tied him up and gagged him and got away with abut €12,000. It was noted at the time as a meticulous robbery. They knew that there’d be a lot of money there that day due to a Social Welfare Payout. They were also familiar with the Postmaster’s habits and knew exactly when the Time Locks would open on the safe – meaning they could be gone with the money before the public were due to arrive.
At this point, the characters in El Niño were evolving criminals. Having gone from pickpockets, to shop robbers, they were know progressing to holding up financial institutions. I knew the key things about the book by now were dialogue and authenticity. It was important to root the book in a firm, solid world. One where the characters understood, and were proficient at what they were doing – in this case: Robberies.
If you, as the writer, don’t fully understand what your characters are doing then your readers won’t either. So the advice here is to either do your diligent research or avoid things you can’t accurately describe.
Knowing a girl that worked in a Post Office was a big help. It was a fairly quiet one too so there was time to talk and explore without too many customers coming in. She was also a writer so understood the nature of what I was trying to do. I got in there early in the morning and she brought me out the back for a look around. The door through was reinforced by steel and she had to use a code to open it. Once inside, we walked in to an office where the safes and money were kept. It was a bright room with a brown carpet. There was a smell of stamps, ink and stationery and some bags of copper coins left around. A table in the corner with a myriad of till receipts and paperwork that looked like bank statements and invoices. A clock ticking on the wall above a filing cabinet with a stand alone calendar telling today’s date. Underneath the table was the lead coloured safe. A big hunker of a thing. It had an obstinate, grumpy look. My friend explained the timelocks and how, usually, two trusted people had the keys. At the appropriate time, the safe would sound an alarm, meaning you had 15 seconds to put in the keys and open it.
Both people had to be present as one key alone wasn’t enough. If the 15 seconds elapsed, then it would reset for another 30 minutes when you could try again. If that didn’t work, it locked completely for the next 24 hours. This morning the safe was open. The manager had come in, opened it, and then had to leave again. I pulled back the heavy door and looked inside. There was bags of cash, coins, stamps and paperwork. It smelled like a mix between a library and a bank. We talked for another while about who opens up, who closes and what kind of customers usually come in. Eventually, I had enough for the next chapter of the novel and went home to write. Again, similar to Chartbusters, the fictional robbery went on to form another vital part of the plot.
***
>While Kate Moss is renowned for her effortless fashion, the supermodel always dresses with intent. Since opening her eponymous modeling agency in 2016, Moss has evolved her off-duty wardrobe to reflect her status as an entrepreneur. Though she's traded her cutoffs and concert-tees for little structured blazers and slim trousers, Moss still references her rebellious side. Yesterday in London, she did so via a shout out to the art world's ultimate rebel, Jean-Michel Basquiat. While shopping in Hampstead, Moss kept things casual in a coat from Coach's recently launched collaboration with the artist's estate. Covered in sections from his paintings, AO AO, 1980 Jack Johnson, 1982, Peter and the Wolf, 1985 and Untitled, 1986 the piece was a creative update to the classic trench.
For an avid collector like Moss, who incorporates plenty of contemporary art painting and photography into her interior design passion, Coach's conversation piece aligns with her interests. Though the 46-year-old model rose to prominence in the ’90s, years after Basquiat's life was tragically cut short, she clearly appreciates his work.
Moss kept things simple beneath her statement coat. The nondescript black leggings, gray sweater, and vintage cowboy boots kept the focus on the trench and its radical beauty. A Chanel 2.55 purse from her expansive bag collection completed the look, anchoring the outfit with a classic from another of her favorite creators.
When you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. a reverse French tip manicure. It’s very cute, subtle yet makes enough of a statement (my fav type), and extremely easy to do! There’s definitely one of two ways you can go about doing a reverse French tip mani.
Since I wanted my reverse tip to be sparkly I chose a go-to combination of mine: Essie’s ‘S’il Vous Play‘ and ‘French Affair’. I started with two full coats of ‘S’il Vous Play’ and let that dry for a few minutes. I then took ‘French Affair’ and started my brush stroke far enough from my cuticle to where ‘S’il Vous Play’ is able to showcase itself. With there being two coats of ‘S’il Vous Play’ your base is already opaque enough that you only need one coat of ‘French Affair’.
I let that dry for a few minutes and then took a small detailed brush to clean up anything that needed to be smoothed out. Your second option of course would be to use ‘French Affair’ first (two coats) and then use a small detailed brush to create the reverse French tip. However, because ‘S’il Vous Play’ is sheer with one coat I figured it would take more than one coat to achieve the look I wanted and could be a little more tricky to clean up and get the desired look. I feel the first option is a smoother process when using a sheer shade, but the second option can be just as good when using two shades that are both opaque enough.
I’ve been obsessed with the end result. Take a look at a few more other options I found via Google for a reverse French Tip. Needless to say, if you’re going the reverse French tip route, you’ll want a metallic or glitter nail polish.
I hope these little suggestions will offer you some inspiration into what next week’s mani should be. Happy painting!
XO,
MellyThe industrial revolution of our time is digital. … As companies aim to scale up across the Single Market, public e-services should also meet today's needs: be digital, open and cross-border by design. The EU is the right scale for the digital times― Andrus Ansip, Vice-President for the Digital Single Market
The eGovernment Action Plan 2016-2020 recognises this opportunity and proposes an ambitious vision to make public administrations and public institutions in the European Union open, efficient and inclusive, providing borderless, personalised, user-friendly, end-to-end digital public services to all citizens and businesses in the EU. It suggests that innovative approaches are used to design and deliver better services in line with the needs and demands of citizens and businesses. Finally, it envisages that public administrations use the opportunities offered by the new digital environment to facilitate their interactions with stakeholders and with each other.
Priorities and actions
In order to pursue these objectives, the eGovernment also operationalises these priorities through concrete actions; it included 20 actions at its launch, but new actions – proposed by citizens, businesses and public administration – are added throughout its lifetime. This is facilitated by an online stakeholder engagement platform – eGovernment4EU. Progress has been reported on the Action Plan after one year (eGov4EU blog) and in the Midterm Review of the Digital Single Market Strategy, which also added 5 new actions to the Action Plan.
Implementation & financing
The Action Plan does not have a dedicated budget or funding instrument; it however helps coordinate funding sources and accompanying measures that are available to member countries through different EU programmes.
A guide has been developed to help EU funds managers, public administrations and/or implementers to ensure that the envisaged eGovernment investment is in line with the principles and priorities set out in the EU eGovernment Action Plan 2016-2020.
Background
The previous eGovernment Action Plan 2011-2015 led to the development of technological enablers that are key to facilitate access to and use of public services. Building on many successes of the past, there is now need to focus on the wide-scale implementation of eGovernment; ensuring that the citizens and businesses in the EU can experience the tangible benefits their governments are making to improve citizens' quality of life and to help companies flourish.
The preparation of the current eGovernment Action Plan has greatly benefited from:
- the evaluation results of the previous Action Plan 2011-15,
- a public consultation,
- discussions with Member States, and
- discussions with other interested parties (citizens, businesses, organisations, administrations, etc.).
Read more
- Commmunication on EU eGoverment Action Plan 2016-2020 - Accelarating the digital transformation of government (all languages)
- Staff working document on implementation and evaluation report on the EU eGovernment Action Plan
- eGovernment Benchmarking Report 2016
- Report of the workshop "Supporting the implementation of eGovernment at regional and local level" (15/11/2016)
- DSM Mid-term ReviewDon’t Be Like Mark Zuckerberg: Data Privacy Tips for AV Integrators
The Zuckerberg hearing has us wondering if AV integrators know just how much their customers put in their hands. Here are some critical data privacy tips.Leave a Comment
Video Credit: NBC News
As an AV integrator in 2018, you cannot be as clueless about the value of data privacy as Senator Orrin Hatch was about the existence of advertisements on Facebook during the Mark Zuckerberg hearing (see the video above). In light of the Facebook privacy hearing, we thought we’d take a moment to remind integrators why you are responsible — at least in part — for your customers’ privacy with these data privacy tips.
An increased focus on data-driven business in several key AV markets is all the more reason to consider these data privacy tips.
Here are a few data privacy tips in light of the Zuckerberg hearing:
Small businesses are targets, too
One of the largest shifts in data leaks in 2017 was a re-focusing on the size of businesses that are regularly targeted. “As larger organizations take additional steps to protect their data, cybercriminals will turn their focus towards stealing data from “smaller” targets,” says Will Quick from law firm Brooks Pierce.
People are a serious problem
Human error causes a significant chunk of data breaches, emphasizing the need for businesses to train their staff in best practice and increase awareness on the level of risk. Businesses need to treat cybersecurity as a shared responsibility that is part of everyone’s duties.
Unintended disclosures — such as health customer data collection passed over to the wrong patient, or a cloud server being misconfigured to allow public access — are, at the end of the day, incredibly preventable.
Privacy policies should be considered internally AND externally
What is your policy for handling employee and customer data. How is it used and how is it stored? This should be available to any/all that ask.
BYOD is a potential failing point
Many companies have employees on their personal devices messaging customers, downloading attachments to emails and storing data on their devices without any sort of mobile device management solution.
This isn’t necessarily something that needs to be eradicated, but it shouldn’t be ignored.
Read Next: What Security Directors Wish AV Integrators Knew
Important security questions to consider:
- Which users, devices, applications, and data centers need a connection to?Clubs & Co-Curriculars
A Saint Thomas Academy education is about more than classroom learning. We are a community that gives our boys the tools they need to develop their own interests and lead their best lives.
By the Numbers
78
Clubs, co-curriculars and athletic teams offered
95%
Percentage of boys who participate in an activity or sport
100+
Coaches and moderators who lead successful results
12
Trips outside of Minnesota with a club, co-curricular or athletic team each year
Active
- Clubs:
- Table Tennis
- Intramural Basketball
- Co-Curriculars:
- Bowling
- Clay Target
- Rifle Team
- Ultimate Frisbee
Arts
- Co-Curriculars
- Choir
- Concert Band
- Jazz Ensemble
- Marching Band
- Music Minister
- Orchestra
- VISTA Productions
Cadet Community
- Clubs
- Choose
- Diversity Club
- Peer Mentors
- Student Council
- Co-Curriculars
Language
- Clubs:
- French Club
- Latin Club
- Spanish Club
Academic/Publications
- Clubs:
- Lincoln Society
- Co-Curriculars
- Chess
- Debate
- Economics and Investment Club
- Math Team
- Mock Trial
- Model UN
- Quiz/Knowledge Bowl
- Publications:
Technology
- Co-Curriculars
- Cadet Vision
- Experimental Vehicle Team
- First LEGO League
- First Tech Challenge2018.
At the Talk Show with Pavan Sukhdev(keynote speaker), participants had a chance to ask him questions about ES and his keynote. Some participants were able to acquire the long-waited answers to the direction and method of their own research. 16 posters were presented in the Poster Session and through the evaluation poll, Ananta Kaur Kill, Wildlife Institute of India won the special prize, Galaxy Tab S4 sponsored by National Institute of Ecology, ROK.
The second ESP Asia Forum was held, followed by the first ESP Asia Forum at ESP9 Conference in China last year. There was a discussion on new members of Steering Committee and activities of ESP Asia Regional Office.
On the last day, there were two field trips to Rajaji National Park – Ganga River and Benog Wildlife Sanctuary – Mussoorie.
ESP Training that was co-conducted by Rudolf de Groot, ESP chair and ESP Asia RO took place on 8th Oct, the day before the conference. Its theme was “Valuing and Capturing the Benefits of Ecosystem Restoration”. 21 participants from 7 countries such as India, ROK, DPRK, Morocco, Nepal, New Zealand, Philippines conducted exercises on ES valuation according to the guideline and had an active group discussion.
The outcomes of the 2018 ESP Asia Conference is available on the conference website. We hope to see everyone again in Germany next October!
Learning is 24/7. Everywhere we go, everything we see, whatever we communicate with, we are constantly soaking in information.
By Shireen Shen Jega
Learning isn’t JUST a formal affair; we don’t learn only at school, instructed solely by a teacher, sitting at a desk, doing sums or completing mundane worksheets. Intrinsically, humans are learners; we are constantly soaking in knowledge everywhere we turn. More so for our little ones, who absorb information at a rate far greater than adults do.
This, essentially, is what homeschooling is all about for me. It’s not just about setting in place a curriculum that involves workbooks and lessons, it’s also about cultivating an environment that encourages a lust for learning.
At Home
Have you ever heard that quote, “Education begins at home”?
Attaining basic life skills, imparting moral values, learning basic manners and understanding basic social interactions, come first, from home. Parents are the child’s first teachers.
Involve your children in everything you do, even something as mundane as pouring a glass of water. Have them help you, encourage them to pour with you, eventually have them pouring their own glass.
This simple activity, develops independence, and helps to build strength in their wrists and fingers, which will eventually assist them with drawing and writing.
Introducing concepts such as empty and full lays a foundation for an introduction to capacity. Experimenting with an overflowing glass, for example, teaches children about volume and instigates hypotheses important in cultivating a background for Science – Why did the glass overflow? What did you do? How did it happen?
Read, read, read to your children! I just can’t enough. Books are one of the first avenues that help to develop your child’s sense of wonder and imagination. The bold illustrations and the enchanting story lines teach the child that the world is an intriguing and incredible place, a place where there are new things to explore and discover.
Books are also wonderful mediums of knowledge; it’s through books that children develop a vast vocabulary and basic understanding of letters, numbers, shapes and colours.
I read to my children constantly throughout the day, and choose books based on their interests. I love books that are interactive, with lift the flap activities or books that encourage a question and response type of engagement.
At The Supermarket
My absolute favourite pastime with the kids! Other than jostling shopping carts (a lesson in manners) and waiting in line at the checkout line during peak hour (a lesson in patience), supermarket shopping offers a myriad of learning opportunities. We soak in the sights and smells, discover colours and shapes as we roam the fruit and vegetable isles, brush up on our counting skills, money identification, read signs and labels and identify healthy and unhealthy foods.
My five-year-old daughter, enjoys reading the shopping list whilst helping me scour the shelves, she loves reading out loud new words she comes across and adds and subtracts price tags. My two-year-old son, on the other hand, helps me count the fruit and vegetables as I bag them, identifies letters and their letter sounds on the food labels and particularly enjoys counting the crabs in the ice box.
In The Car
When I was younger and bored in the car, my Mum used to play a game that my sister and I thoroughly enjoyed every time. We called it “Spell & Count”
My Mum would have us look at car license plates that were directly in front of us as we stopped at the traffic lights. We then had to choose a letter we saw, think of a word and spell it out and either add, subtract, multiply or divide all the numbers we saw as quickly as we could before the car sped off.
Whoever was fastest, would get a point and the person with the most points, would later, receive a reward. We absolutely loved it and could not wait to jump in the car and play the game. It was basic revision for us, and the best part was that we didn’t even realise it!
It wasn’t a chore because it was so much fun for us. I’ve modified the game for my kids however, having them identify numbers and letters, instead.
Other than license plates, we often point out road and street signs (brushing up on our reading skills), talk about road safety (when to cross the road, what colours to look out for on the traffic lights) build on our vocabulary and knowledge by pointing out landmarks (skyscrapers, bridges, museums).
The kids love to point out various shapes they come across and observe what shapes are used to form a building, for example, or a bus.
About Town
So many things to see and discover! This is another one of my favourite things to do, especially when the kids are tired of being cooped up at home or at school.
Using nature as a teacher is something we should consider undertaking, as parents. Instead of taking your child to a shopping mall, take them on a nature walk around the estate.
Take a slow walk, and observe everything you see around you, whether it’s a trail of ants traversing the wall or a rock buried in the soil. Point them out to your child; make observations, ask questions, instigate discussions, and encourage discoveries. For example, with the trail of ants, first ask:
What do you see? Why do you think? How?
You may not know the answer to your child’s questions, or the reason the ants are moving that way, and that’s perfectly fine. The key here, is not to admonish, correct, or be embarrassed that you don’t know the answers, but to share a moment of discovery together. This would eventually progress onto an experience of seeking out knowledge together, where parent and child, find the answers to their questions.
You may not know the answer to your child’s questions… and that’s perfectly fine
Learning opportunities present themselves everywhere and anywhere. It is our responsibility as parents to call attention to these moments and turn them into learning experiences. This constant circle of observation, discovery and seeking out knowledge are the building blocks of home education.
The one-on-one interactions between parent and child at home, whether the child is purely homeschooled or in formal schooling, is something no other institution can offer. Purposeful communication and an environment that fosters these attitudes are one of the things that will set your child up for success in later life.
I strongly believe in that.
This is part two on homeschooling; read part one ‘Mummy Column: Why I Choose To Homeschool My Children‘
Shireen Shen Jega is an educator with United World College and mum to two beautiful children, Ava Rose and James. She is also an amazing baker and fitness junkie.I discovered that not only does the sun rise to the east of the house, but the moon does as well. The moon was three-quarters full when I was up last night, looking out on a perfectly cold and clear night.
A wheelbarrow in the corporation yard has collected eight to ten inches of rainwater over this season. That gives me a rough idea of how much water could be collected and stored in rain barrels once the gutters are cleared and the downspouts redirected. I scooped out several buckets from the wheelbarrow to water the three crape myrtles. My understanding is that they prefer occasional deep watering. The far corner of the yard is overgrown and finding the third crape myrtle was a challenge. Against all odds it bloomed last summer.
The lemon tree had two lemons on it from last season. That tree is another survivor, having been Rogerized more than once. I removed the dead wood, pruned it back, buried the citrus fertilizer spikes and applied two buckets of rain water. We will see how it responds.
More water on all the front plants. MJ is going to initiate the irrigation system for the first time this year. I trimmed the penstemon and salvia mostly to avoid sprawl and to encourage new growth.
MJ asked where I have found stones for edging. I dug out the high grass along the wall at the southeast corner of the front garden, and found some fine border stones there. I have found them when I clear around trees, or in the washes in Tork’s old pen. I also have my eye on two fine specimens buried to the left of the driveway.
MJ had a case of old wine in the garage, 1970s vintage with optional disintegrating corks. The case went, but to do with twelve bottles of wine? MJ said i was getting the plants drunk. We will see how the roses respond.
Mike and I removed the rotten border logs from the triangle garden, and he will bring down the two new logs from the barn. I pointed out the brave little columbine that must not be lost in this process..
Maps Credit Union ($464.3, Salem, OR) evaluates its financial performance through the lens of what other local bank and credit union competitors have been able to achieve. This type of well-rounded benchmarking helps the credit union avoid tunnel vision and better understand its entire market. Its efforts have paid off in the form of 17.21% annual loan growth for 2013, which is more than triple the 5.55% average of Oregon credit unions. Its 4.26% 12-month member growth also bests its state peers’ average of 3.92%, according to Search & Analyze data on CreditUnions.com.
In this Q&A, Kevin Cole, chief financial officer for Maps, discusses how benchmarking against the right institutions using the right metrics is a vital component in determining how successful a credit union is performing and how effectively it is competing.
Kevin Cole: There are two sides to benchmarking in my opinion, and Maps might look at it a little differently as we don’t limit our competition to other credit unions but also consider our market share in relation to banks within the areas we serve. The first side is to simply know how you are performing in relation to your competition. How much of the market are you capturing? For us, this means we don’t necessarily look only at the credit unions the NCUA defines as our peer group. We also look at the largest credit unions in the region we serve as they have similar state regulation and market conditions.
The other side, which can be missed, is to make adjustments for your credit union’s unique strategy. It is easy to get caught up in looking at one number without taking strategic business decisions into account. For example, we have a higher operating expense ratio than other financial institutions. This is because Maps is a core deposit franchise and we have more branches and staff because of that business choice. When we look at our operating expenses ratio, we look at it on a net basis by adjusting it for cost of funds and non-interest income factors. This helps us benchmark our performance while also measuring how well we are executing our own business strategy.
KC: On the market share side we look at all of the banks and credit unions with branches in our market. We use FDIC and credit union data to do that. We benchmark on a market by market basis, so we have different competitors within different geographic areas. Some are saturated with branches and others are less saturated.
A few specific competitors we look at include U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo, and Columbia Bank. In terms of credit unions, we have a primary peer group of northwest credit unions with more than $400 million in assets that we’ve set-up in Callahan’s Peer-to-Peer software. This is a group of 32 credit unions that are most similar to Maps. Sometimes we will further refine that to just credit unions in the state of Oregon, which narrows it down to 14 credit unions. This is much different than our NCUA peer group, which is any credit union between $50 million and $500 million in assets nationwide.
On the loan side, we see a few different competitors. For example, Chase Bank is one we see more often in the mortgage and business lending market.
KC: We look at quite a bit of data, but evaluating growth rates and market share are particularly important for us. We also look at earnings. It is interesting to see what other credit unions are doing to generate income, so we look at balance sheet structure and see where they are adding or shedding assets. Beyond that we look at a lot of key ratios such as non-interest income, cost of funds, and expenses and compare the same net number that we create for Maps.
KC: On the bank side it is interesting to look at the efficiency ratios and get a feel for what the banks are doing to drive it so low. We review which lines of business banks are targeting with their pricing and strategy, which tends to shift more often than on the credit union side. For example, we had one local competitor that made a complete move away from consumer banking about three years ago and has since been acquired by a bank that is interested in consumer banking again. Since 2009, we’ve brought in a large number of new core checking relationships from that competitor so it’s important for us to keep track of what it is focused on.
Market share is the biggest component we evaluate on the bank side. In our primary market, we’re now No. 4 in market share behind U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo, and Columbia Bank. In 2013, we surpassed Chase in our local market in terms of deposits.
KC: We’re working on our comment letter, but there is a lot of concern that we’re going to operate under a very different set of capital standards than our competitors. Based on the proposed rule, that is definitely the case. NCUA has tried to incorporate risks into our proposed rule that are not included on the banking side.
Basel III risk weights are established solely based on credit risk. The NCUA proposal is taking that and layering interest rate, concentration, and liquidity risk on top of that. The credit risk model wasn’t intended to incorporate all of those other types of risk. Therefore, the risk weights are way out of line in some areas. There is also the fundamental question of whether there needs to be more capital in the credit union system. There does not appear to be any evidence out there to support that additional capital is needed.
It wouldn’t surprise me if we see a legislative solution as the current proposal will cause serious problems for the industry, especially as we try to compete against local banks. One of the most troubling things to me is the definition of complex being any credit union with $50 million in assets.
Lean more about Maps' performance by visiting
Search & Analyze on CreditUnions.com.
April 14, 2014
Read!—.
OpenRail Designer provides modeling and design capabilities for metro, light rail, commuter rail, or high-speed rail design projects. You can save time on the design and maintenance of track, station, and yard design, as well as overhead line electrification (OLE), while significantly increasing productivity.
Uma entrevista exclusiva com o Sr. Kaushik Chakraborty, vice-presidente e executivo regional do Sul da Ásia, Bentley Systems, especialista em BIM no setor ferroviário e metroviário.
Tech Talk with Joey LouAllen, Success Factors Advocate
Tech Talk with Andrew Smith, Success Factors Advocate
Tech Talk with Robert Henderson, Success Factors AdvocateWinter is almost here. 
Parents of children who go to schools in the LBPSB say they were furious to find out there are no carbon monoxide detectors in any of the buildings. 
At least a dozen angry parents showed up to the school without their children, insisting that they are not satisfied with the school’s safety checks. 
The Marguerite-Bourgeoys School Board will be checking all of its carbon monoxide detectors in light of a gas leak that sent at least 35 children and eight adults to hospital. 
Thirty-five children and eight adults have been transported to hospital after they suddenly fell ill at an elementary school in Montreal’s LaSalle borough. 
With the possible exception of Breaking Bad, binge watching is overrated, Mike Stafford says. 
The film offers a closer look at the real people behind the now world-famous story of the central Newfoundlanders who opened their arms to thousands of airline passengers and crew members stranded when U.S. airspace was closed following the 9/11 attacks. 
John Oliver told reporters that he’s put a stopwatch on Donald Trump. 
PETA manager of animals in film and television, Lauren Thomasson, wrote a letter to HBO’s president Casey Bloys, after the opening of Sunday’s ‘Westworld’ episode saw an elephant suffer from abuse during training. 
Julia Louis-Dreyfus revealed she had been diagnosed with breast cancer back in September. As a health food convert, I'm always on the lookout for healthier alternatives of the food I indulge myself with. I was glad to find out about TheBasics.
Just a few weeks old, TheBasics intends to make food products from natural ingredients, with no preservatives.
First in their product line is the Original Muscovado Peanut Butter.
Marlon, the brains behind TheBasics, has noticed that natural peanut butter isn't readily available in the market. So he decided to make one using the basic ingredients, the way that food should be.
I tried this one morning for breakfast along with my favorite combo, pan de sal and coffee.
I was surprised that my taste buds didn't miss anything -- the sweetness was adequate and the creaminess of the peanut butter is also there.
The best thing about this spread is that I know that what I'm having is all-natural, less sinful and of good quality.
Now I can prepare my favorite peanut butter banana sandwich without the guilt. :)
'
You can buy TheBasics All-Natural Peanut Butter at any Icings Cakes Breads and Cafe branches (Tomas Morato and Promenade Greenhills) for only Php 150 per bottle, or you can reach them via the FB Page.
-------------------
TheBasics
HEALTH food convert ka dian!!! bwhahahaha XD
Oo kaya, with occasional cheating. hehehe. :P
Same here, I kickstart my day with pandesal and coffee. And oh, we're peanut butter lovers, too! :)
Yay! Comrade! :)
Love products that use Muscovado. They just seem to turn out less sweet but still satisfying. Will give the Peanut Butter a try soon. =)
Let me know what you think when you've tried this, Tin! ;)Looking!
With wonderful working experience on offer in diverse destinations around the globe, you can choose the type of job that suits you and your travel ambitions!
Take a tour through our gap year guide to all the top jobs you can get on your travels and be tempted by the prospect of paid work and awesome opportunities in beautiful parts of!→
Hotels in Kythira
→
Kythira Golden Resort
Kythira Golden Resort  
From
US$ 0
BOOK
Per Night Double Room
Description of Kythira Golden Resort  
BOOK
DIAKOFTI Kythira Greece
The.
Best Sellers in Kythira
Maistrali Apartments  
DIAKOFTI Kythira
From
US$ 0
Oikies Petrokalli  
KALAMOS Kythira
From
US$ 0
Vilana Studios  
KALAMOS Kythira
From
US$ 0
Why booking Kythira Golden Resort with InterHabit?
Client Reviews  
BOOK
Services Kythira Golden Resort
Other clients booked in Kythira
NewsletterValentine's Day Explosion Card
It explodes with love! Watch the video for the how-to:
This is a technique I learned a hundred years ago on Two Peas in a Bucket (a site now sadly defunct) and I can't remember the original source. However, a commenter on YouTube told me that this fold is actually a well known fold called "Turkish Map Fold." Sure enough, I did a quick google search and found lots of great written instructions with diagrams. Here's my favorite.
Of course, while this card is intended for Valentine's Day, the idea works for any holiday! Give it a try, it's super easy and the explosion always makes the recipient smile!
InLinkz.com
Thanks for stopping by!GRIMME Landmaschinenfabrik
GRIMME LANDMASCHINENFABRIK
80 years ago the father of today's owner Mr. Franz Grimme developed the first potato harvesters. That was the beginning of GRIMME Landmaschinenfabrik in Damme. Over the years, the company expanded into a complete supplier for potato, beet and vegetable technology. headquarters headquarters,350 employees (permanent workforce) work in plant 1 and 2. The company trains over 124 young people in various technical and commercial professions.
GRIMME Landmaschinenfabrik GmbH & Co. KG (plant 1)
Hunteburger Straße 32
49401 Damme
Phone +49 5491 666-0
grimme@grimme.de
GRIMME Landmaschinenfabrik GmbH & Co. KG (plant 2)
Lüneburger Str. 1-2
49597 Rieste
Telefon +49 5491 666-0
>)Made an old couch look fresh and new! I have this cover for my couch and love seat. I have the dark blue color and it’s perfect! Super soft material, easy to clean. My couch is weirdly shaped but this cover does the job perfectly! Love the velvet feel of this slipcover. Very easy to clean. Looks great.
I bought the dark gray Velvet Plush Form Fit T-Cushion Sofa Slipcover and glad I did. It looks a little darker in person but not by much. It’s soft and the material and elastics are very well made. Only reason I’m giving it 4 stars is the material is just shy on the side by 2 inches and maybe 1 inch on the front. With that said – I do have a big couch too lol. Overall I would definitely suggest this as a purchase. And the material is soft! Also I have a husky and 2 cats – so far no dog hair is clinging to it like crazy so that’s a good sign!
Fits well although it does budge a bit when you sit on the Velvet Plush Form Fit T-Cushion Sofa Slipcover, like all covers do, but it is super easy to readjust and looks awesome! I purchased about 4 different covers before I finally found this on and I’m glad I did! Looks very clean and elegant and very easy to set up and readjust. Love this slipcover! I was hesitant to buy one, but I needed to make our sofa last a little longer! I’m so glad I bought it, it is so soft and very stretchy (flexible). Very easy to put on too! I would recommend this one in a heartbeat!
Fits great on my Velvet Plush Form Fit T-Cushion Sofa Slipcover. A brand new look without spending hundreds of dollars! Thanks Wayfair Jen. Its gorgeous. I purchased in the wineburgundy colour, its stunning. Very feminine in our daughters room. Its super soft and fit the couch perfectly. AND as an added bonus it arrived way before expected delivery! These were exactly what we were looking for to transform our old couches that we brought to our new house. The fabric is soft and comfortable but does attract a lot of hair if you have animals. However, easily cleans in the wash and fits great!
Well, it covers a ‘kid used’ couch and loveseat. They are both in very good condition, aside from a few stains that would not clean. We just renovated the downstairs, as a play room for the two grandchildren, ages 4 and 1. The covers just breathed some new life into the two pieces, and allow us a place to sit and enjoy the fun. They are a near perfect fit, except for the ends where the cushions meet the arms. The arms are quite high, thus making it difficult to keep everything tucked in. Aside from that, they are perfect.
Check Price Velvet Plush Form Fit T-Cushion Sofa Slipcover Now!
Velvet Plush Form Fit T-Cushion Sofa Slipcover Symple StuffPrescott Arizona Airbnb Property Management
We offer full service Airbnb management services for the Prescott market. If you have a short-term rental or are looking for a property as an investment, we can help.
In Prescott Arizona, the median home value is $344k. The values of homes has risen 6.7% over the past year. The median list price per square foot in Prescott is $197.
The number of foreclosures is 0.2 homes per 10,000. The percent of delinquent mortgages in Prescott is 0.3%, which is lower than the national value of 1.6%.
Why Buy Prescott AZ Real Estate for Investments?
The data shoes that rents are going up! That is always a positive if you want to have a rental property. We will keep track of prices always get you the best rates. This means if the home has openings, we are going to lower the price a bit to get them filled. We use private pricing data to make sure your home is always getting the highest rates.
Prescott has a bunch of amazing areas:
- Wickenburg
- Clarkdale
- Chino Valle
- Dewey-Humboldt
- Prescott Valley
- Paulden
- Cottonwood
- Kirkland
Interested in seeing the area? There is a visitor guide: Visit Prescott
There are many beautiful Airbnb properties in Prescott. We off a full suite of Airbnb property management services in Prescott and the surrounding areas. 375 guests and no members online
CategoryOther Category
Electronics Repair
Business IndustryMobile Repair
Office Address1 Shakespeare Road, Milford, 0620
RegionAuckland
Phone
0800585222
Business Background
Computer Repair is dedicated to providing the best customer service and computer repair available to you. When your Mobile phone,Laptop, PC or Mac needs repairing, you won’t have to worry for long! Our technicians are skilled in dealing with all computers and gadgets whether you need home or business computer repairs.
Page Visitors38
This is a Business Trader ListingProduct Details
Hipnoton 10 mg/ml Solution for Injection for Horses and Cattle
- MA holder
- Vetpharma Animal Health, S.L
- VM number
- 32509/4007
- Territory
- Northern Ireland
- Aligned product
- View aligned product details
- Associated documents
-
- Date of issue
- 01/11/2011
- Authorisation route
- Mutually Recognised
- Active substances
- Detomidine Hydrochloride
- Controlled drug
- No
- Target species
- Cattle
- Horses
- Distribution category
- POM-V
- Distributors
- Bimeda (Division of Cross Vetpharm Group (UK) Ltd)Blueberries, banana, yogurt and soy milk
Blueberries, banana, yogurt and soy milk/28/2018 ***** Robert Newman Sherman Oaks, CA
This is a favorite local restaurant. Excellent healthy choices. Soy and almond milk on top of an amazing menu. We eat here almost every Sunday.
8/19/2018 ***** Angelique N. Panorama City, Los Angeles, CA
Sunday funday is the best at Jinky's! $15 all you can drink mimosas! Paul was really helpful and nice. The food was great too! We'll be back next Sunday.If you haven't been inundated with the "ice bucket challenge," then obviously you're not on Facebook (congratulations) or perhaps dead. For the past few weeks, thousands of people, including some of your favorite celebrities, such as Benedict Cumberbatch and Patrick Stewart, have been pouring buckets of water and ice over their heads and posting videos of it online to raise awareness and money to research a cure for ALS, commonly known as Lou Gehrig's disease.
And it's worked out pretty damn well, at least in the short term. According to the ALS Association, more than $70 million dollars has been raised by the viral campaign, and donations continue to flood in. Initially, if you chose to dump the bucket of ice water over your head, you were supposed to donate $10 to ALS research. If you refused, you donate $100.
Which.
If you like this story, consider signing up for our email newsletters.
SHOW ME HOW
Newsletters
SUCCESS!
You have successfully signed up for your selected newsletter(s) - please keep an eye on your mailbox, we're movin' in!
"Why not give people something awesome to do instead of something really unpleasant to do, and why not tie it to a cause that is, sadly, unfairly maligned and stigmatized," said Grimes. "The 'challenge' of the taco or beer challenge really is solely the 'donate to an abortion fund' part, because eating tacos and drinking beers is easy. Overcoming the culturally imposed stigma that surrounds legal abortion care, however, is terribly difficult."
This challenge comes at a pretty critical time for abortion clinics in Texas. On September 1, the most stringent requirements of one of the country's harshest abortion laws goes into effect. If all goes according to the Legislature's plan, only six abortion clinics will remain open across the state.
Like the people behind the ALS Challenge, Grimes used social media's viral potential to spread the word about the #tacoorbeerchallenge. Users on Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr were all encouraged to submit a photo of themselves eating a taco, drinking a beer, or both, and then donate to their local abortion fund. In just a few days, over 50 people have submitted videos and photos of the challenge, including sex columnist Dan Savage. In Grimes' dreamworld, Patrick Stewart would be the next celeb on the list.
She was quick to note, though, that her intent was not to take the focus away from the ALS challenge that inspired her own. "Most people's hearts and minds are big enough to understand that donating to an abortion fund doesn't mean you can't donate to ALS research, or to Operation Help Or Hush in Ferguson, or to your local animal shelter," she explains. "The Taco Or Beer Challenge isn't about mocking ALS, it's about eating tacos, drinking beer and donating to abortion funds."
Or sign in with a social account:FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO!PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — Sheena Allen and her 5-year-old daughter London are looking at the Christmas holiday worry-free this year.
Last year, it was a different story though. Allen lost her job of 12 years at a bank in Homestead, couldn’t pay her bills, and on top of that, it was Christmas.
“When you lose your job, everything happens. The furnace went, the hot water tank, all within a matter of that month,” Sheena Allen said.
The single mom of two didn’t know what to do, and she certainly didn’t want to disappoint her kids.
“You just explain, Santa isn’t able to bring everything you want. He may just bring a few things,” Allen said.
Allen took it upon herself to learn about the Salvation Army’s Adopt-A-Family program. Companies and individuals adopt a family in need and buy gifts for them based off of their wish list.
“I can’t even tell you how much it meant to me and the family the things they received. It was a true blessing,” Allen said.
Last year, the Salvation Army says around 75 families were adopted. This year, the number has dropped to about 60. This is why the Salvation Army says it is so important to help out while there is still time.
“There’s not as many companies that want to participate. Maybe they’re going a different direction, helping a different charity, maybe because they like to spread what they do. Their good will and cheer,” Maj. Mark Mackneer, General Secretary of the Salvation Army of Western Pennsylvania said.
Mackneer says the economy might also play a role.
But thanks to this program, Allen was able to give her kids a Christmas to remember. As for this Christmas, Allen is working. She got a job in May at a post office in Homestead as a mail handler’s assistant. While she doesn’t need help from the Salvation Army now, Allen wants to remind others that you might find yourself in a predicament you never expected.
“Sometimes people don’t have the funding to take care of a household, let alone Christmas,” Allen said.
If you are interested in adopting a family, just contact your local Salvation Army office and they will point you in the right direction.electronic engineer
Budget $10-30 USD
Electronic Engineer able to build and explain some circuit diagrams of jammers and low radio frequencies
19 freelancere byder i gennemsnit $31 på dette job
I am lecturer at engineering institute and have good experience in electronics subjects. let me know ig you want my services ... I will provide you each and every steps explanation. Thanks ...
I am interested to work on this project because i have worked on similar projects and i am good at these things. Thnaks & Best Regards, Faizan Ali
hi i am an electronics engineer and masters in mechatronics engineering i can do explain mentioned circuits further we can discuss on chat.
I have seven years experience in Embedded hardware and software design if you assign to me I can do it with good quality and within the time.You've no documents collected
HAURATON GmbH & Co. KGWerkstraße 1376437 Rastatt / Deutschland +49 7222 958-0 info@hauraton.com
The HAURATON sand-trap channel is often installed next to long-jump pits. It is used to trap any sand that is carried out of the long-jump pit.
Imprint Privacy policy
Print versionTop of pagebecome გამოთქმა: /bɪˈkʌm/ განმარტებულია [no object, with complement] begin to be:she became angry and sulked all day it is becoming clear that we are in a new situation grow to be; develop into:the child will become an adult (of a person) qualify or be accepted as:she wanted to become a doctor (become of) (in questions) happen to:what would become of her now? 2 [with object] (of clothing) look good on or suit (someone):mourning regalia became her be appropriate to (someone):minor celebrity status did not become Potter სინონიმები bring forth conk out die drive endure engender experience f function give out give way go go away grow have hold out last lead mystify operate perish perplex receive rifle run run low scram sire stimulate sustain take travelWe’d love to hear from you and answer any questions you may have about our care, our facilities or the process of becoming a resident.
2020 Brentwood Boulevard N.
Sherwood Park, Alberta
T8A 0X1
P: 780-467-2281
Contact Form
Fill in our online contact form below and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible.Indians seek series victory versus Blue Jays
TORONTO — The Cleveland Indians are a team headed for the postseason, but they have had their troubles with a team that will be going nowhere but home when the season ends in the Toronto Blue Jays.
The Indians, who have a big lead in the American League Central, have a chance to escape the Rogers Centre with a series win Sunday afternoon. It has not been easy.
Despite being outhit 18-11 on Saturday, the Indians were able to squeeze out a 9-8 victory over the Blue Jays, who almost came back from an 8-3 disadvantage after Cleveland’s seven-run fifth inning.
Cleveland has won two of the first three in the four-game series. The season series stands 3-3.
The Indians had a big inning from catcher Roberto Perez, who led off the fifth with his second homer of the season and finished the scoring in the inning with a three-run run double.
The Blue Jays had two homers from Randal Grichuk, but their pitchers gave up nine walks.
The Indians will start right-hander Mike Clevinger (11-7, 3.11 ERA) in the series finale and the Blue Jays will send out left-hander Thomas Pannone (1-1, 4.58).
Clevinger helped the Indians end a three-game losing streak and posted his 11th win of the season while holding the Kansas City Royals to one run in six innings in a 10-strikeout outing Tuesday He allowed four runs and three hits in four innings of a no-decision outing against the Blue Jays on April 13.
Clevinger has gone 4-2 with a 2.32 ERA in nine starts since the All-Star break. He is 1-0 with a 6.75 ERA in two career games (one start) against Toronto.
Pannone will make his third career major league start because Marcus Stroman is out with a blister on his right middle finger.
Pannone’s first two starts were against the Baltimore Orioles with contrasting results. He pitched a one-hitter in seven innings to pick up the win on Aug. 22 in Toronto, but in Baltimore six days later, he allowed seven runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings to take the loss. He has made six major league relief appearances.
He was acquired in a trade July 31, 2017, that sent reliever Joe Smith to the Indians.
Kevin Pillar, who doubled twice Saturday after hitting an 11th inning walkoff homer Friday, is the player with most seniority on a team that is looking to the future with an abundance of September callups.
“It’s definite energy and I think it’s a reminder, too,” said Pillar, who has six years with the Blue Jays. “I was in their shoes, too. I was a young kid, trying to prove myself. I think it’s just kind of a friendly reminder that they’re here to take your job and you have to go out and perform every single day, even when it feels like we’re not playing for anything. You have to remember it’s our job to go out and perform, continue to work and prove yourself every day.”
Rowdy Tellez already has become a crowd favorite only four games into his big-league career. He hit his first career homer Saturday and added a single. His first six hits were doubles.
He is the first player since 1913 with seven extra-base hits in his first four career games. He is the fourth player in the live ball era to have each of his first seven hits go for extra bases.
Based on the game Saturday, Cleveland’s bullpen needs help. It could be coming, Andrew Miller (left shoulder impingement) threw 33 pitches off the bullpen mound Saturday afternoon and tried simulating a game setting. The 33-year-old threw a bullpen session Thursday. He has on the disabled list since Aug. 29 and was eligible to be activated Saturday.
“I think the next step is to get used in a game and handle that adrenaline again,” Miller said. “I don’t know exactly what we’ll do. It hasn’t been that much time. I think I’d like to get into some games, I’d love to pitch here (in Toronto).”
The Indians had left fielder Michael Brantley back in the lineup Saturday and he produced a two-run homer, a single and two walks. He has six career homers against the Blue Jays.
He grounded out as a pinch hitter Friday in his only appearance of the first two games of the series because of a bruised left foot. He had fouled a ball off the foot Wednesday.There is a constant contradiction between what some say is going in Joburg and what we see in actuality.
Joburg is the brightest of what the Ideal Org program has to offer. Joburg has always been the biggest org in South Africa. Even when the org struggles it is in better shape than all the others.
There are several reports that indicate a scene that is anything but flourishing.
Albert & Sandra de Beer are currently under comm-ev themselves. Sandra is not currently on post and is reportedly clearing out storerooms.
This coming Tuesday evening at Joburg Org the OT Committee is hosting an evening titled “Why re-do?”. It’s being promoted by text message and email. It’s an effort to make people feel okay about redoing their objectives.Their message reads “Jhb OTC is holding another famous event. Topic? SRD – “Why Re-do?” etc. Success stories, & C/S briefing. Sound interesting? You want tea + cake and chatting with friends? Come Tues nite. Chapel. 6.30.”
Lastly they are losing staff. This was predicted as the last big push for staff in Joburg was precisely 2.5 years ago – the length of a staff contract. Belinda van Pype, Cleo Pendl & Camerine Pendl have left staff and Aline Jones & Judit Kis would appear to be following suit. These are (or were) all key staff.
An org that is booming as a result of being inundated with public on GAT II services would not have this going on.
But we won’t talk yet about GAT II results. We’re only half way through the observation period we allowed for this in our post on Evaluating the Success of GAT IIFreedom House – Freedom in the World 2018, Democracy in Crisis: “Democracy is in retreat globally and, some say, in the United States. Exacerbating the democratic backslide are authoritarian regimes such as Russia and China, which have increased both repression at home and efforts to export instability abroad. On the home front, indifference toward democratic principles is escalating, as America retreats from a historic commitment to democracy promotion…”
Sorry, comments are closed for this post.
Before Henry VIII married Catherine of Aragon he received a Papal Bull from the Pope agreeing that Henry could marry his dead brother’s (Prince Arthur) wife. When Henry and Catherine married in June 1509 both were Roman Catholics. Everybody in England was – the penalty for heresy (being found guilty of being a non-believer) was death. Though Henry is portrayed as a powerful king who dominated his land, such was the tie to Rome and the Roman Catholic faith, that he felt it necessary to effectively get Papal permission to marry Catherine. In 1509 it would have been inconceivable that anyone would think that a break would occur with Rome and the power of the Papacy. However, within 25 years this is exactly what happened..
However, the beliefs within the Catholic Church were clear and simple. Only the Pope could annul a marriage and as the Church believed in the sanctity of marriage and family, this was a reasonably rare occurrence. In many senses, royal families in Western Europe were expected to set the standards that others should follow. Therefore, Henry’s belief that he should have a divorce simply because as king of England and Wales he wanted one was not shared by the Papacy.
Henry used his knowledge of the Bible to justify his request for a marriage annulment. Henry use the Old Testament (Leviticus Chapter 20 Verse 16) where it stated:
“If a man shall take his brother’s wife, it is an impurity; he hath uncovered his brother’s nakedness; they shall be childless.”
Henry argued that his marriage to Catherine had been against God’s law from the start despite the Pope’s blessing for it to go ahead in 1509. He was therefore living in sin and that the Pope had to annul his marriage so that he could rectify this. As ‘Defender of the Faith’ – a title bestowed on Henry for his 1521 attack on the work of Martin Luther – Henry believed that such an annulment was almost a foregone conclusion. Whether Henry actually believed this is open to question especially as he was simply lusting after Anne Boleyn at the time, which clearly was not a sin in his mind despite his marriage. Henry gave a masterful speech to the country’s nobles at Bridewell, London, in November 1528, explaining that Catherine was noble and virtuous and that in other circumstances he would marry he again. But because of what had happened he lived in “detestable and abominable adultery”. Edward Hall, who wrote about the speech, stated that it was made with great passion. However, Henry also knew how to address an audience so to what extent this was ‘acting’ will never be known.
There is little doubt that Cardinal Wolsey gave Henry assurances that an annulment was simply a matter of course. Wolsey, as a Cardinal, had also been appointed ‘legatus a legere’ by the Pope – which made him the most powerful religious figure actually based in England. It is conveniently easy to imagine the scene of Wolsey convincing Henry that as he had contacts in Rome, what the king wanted would be easy to attain. Wolsey, of course, was willing to do anything to satisfy his master and he decided to use the argument that the original Papal Bull that sanctioned the 1509 marriage was invalid and that the marriage, to save an innocent King from eternal damnation, should be annulled to allow him to marry ‘properly’. Wolsey was certain that the Pope would annul the marriage as he was in a vulnerable position and needed the support of every Christian monarch – especially as the advance of the Muslim Turks in the Mediterranean was unpredictable and highly threatening. Both Henry and Wolsey must have assumed that their ‘campaign’ for an annulment would be a simple and short affair.
Neither got what they expected. There was no quick fix and the most immediate result of this was the end of the influence of Cardinal Wolsey who was ordered to leave London and live in much lesser circumstances in York (where he was the archbishop). The approach in Rome was to give the matter a great deal of theological thought, which explained the delay. The key was dissecting what Leviticus had actually written. The argument was that you should not marry your brother’s wife while he was still alive. As Arthur was dead, this was not an issue and certainly did not condemn Henry to eternal damnation by going against the will of God. Henry refused to accept this, as he believed that his interpretation was correct. He dragooned a large number of expert theologians to write essays that supported his view and they were well rewarded for doing so. The result of this was a series of essays written in Rome to support the Papacy’s viewpoint. However, there were those in England who supported the Pope’s viewpoint. One was the Bishop of Rochester, Bishop Fisher, who wrote seven books in support of Catherine and became her main defender in England.
As time moved on, both sides faced an obvious but challenging issue. If either side backed down, the loss of face would be immense. What had started as a king lusting after a young lady had now turned into a major issue with neither side being able to back down.
Related Posts
- Catherine of Aragon was fully prepared to challenge Henry VIII’s desire for a marriage annulment. Least of all was Catherine willing to go quietly. Catherine…
-…Cabaret Ruby
Khaki Suede
Select image
Was £60.00
Then £24.
Effortlessly casual, Cabaret Ruby is our pull on ankle boot featuring a fixed zip for added detail. Soft khaki suede with authentic Stitchdown construction nods to the craftmanship of our iconic Desert Boots, while a 3cm leather look heel adds a premium touch. With Cushion Soft?foam layers, feet will be comfy all day long. The perfect boots for that laidback, chic country style.£45 £67
£79 £160
£79 £140
£85 £156
£89 £156
£89
£79
£79 £158
£69 £128
£89 £158.95
You missed the last deal from:Glen Alan Guest House
Shall we email you when they have a new deal?
£79 £146.75
£89 £128.90
£59 £97.90
£45
£49 £80
£49
£85 £173
£49 £81.80.Voxelizing Light-Field Recordings
Topics: light fields, voxel-based rendering, Unity game engine, real-time rendering
Supervision: David Schedl, Indrajit Kurmi, Oliver Bimber
Contact: david.schedl@jku.at
Type: BSc Thesis, MSc Thesis
Light fields are an emerging image-based technique that support free viewpoint navigation of recorded scenes as demanded in several recent applications (e.g., Virtual Reality). Pure image-based representations, however quickly become inefficient, as a large number of images are required to be captured, stored, and processed. Geometric scene representations require less storage and are more efficient to render. Geometry reconstruction, however, is unreliable and might fail for complex scene parts. Furthermore, view-dependent effects that are preserved with light fields are lost in pure geometry based techniques. Therefore, we propose a hybrid representation and rendering scheme for recorded dense light fields: we want to extract isotropic scene regions and represent them by voxels, while the remaining areas are represented as sparse light field. In comparison to dense light fields, storage demands are reduced while visual quality is sustained.
The goal of this project is to (a) develop analysis techniques that efficiently separate light-field recordings into a voxel-based and image-based representation, (b) investigate efficient data structures for sparse light-fields representations (while sparse volume data representations already exist), and (c) implement real-time hybrid (voxel/light-field) rendering techniques. These three sub-projects (a,b,c) can be carried out independently by different students.A competition at the river Stour demonstrates the popularity of fishing as a pastime.
Short Summary
Description
Canterbury, Kent.
A boat sails up the river Stour and there are various shots of people walking along with fishing equipment, they have come for a competition. More fishermen get off a bus. They all stand around in a group and draw lots for plots. C/U of a man not looking pleased with his plot. Various shots as they make their way to the bank and prepare their rods.
A man blows a whistle to begin the competition, various shots as they sit on the bank and fish. M/S of Bill Ward the water bailiff next to a sign saying 'No Fishing Without Permits'. Various shots as people settle down to fish and cast their lines, 12 year old Ralph Boting drinks tea from a flask. C/U a man nets a bronze bream fish and takes the line out of its mouth. Various shots as a steamboat sails up the river. A girl lies in the grass reading. The anglers weigh their catches, M/S as they pour the fish back. There is a presentation of a new fishing rod to the winner Mr D. Colley.
Note: Also seen in this item is the organiser Mr Jim Haimes .
Cuts exist - see separate record.
Data
- Film ID:
- 253.04
- Media URN:
- 3420
- Group:
- Colour pictorials
- Archive:
- British Pathé
- Issue Date:
- 24/11/1963
- Sound:
- Sound
- HD Format:
- Available on request
We always welcome comments and more information about our films.
All posts are reactively checked. Libellous and abusive comments are forbidden..
Capability Scotland will support you through your SVQ 3
qualifications, supporting and encouraging you through this study
period.
You will also assist our customers with some physical work,
including pushing wheelchairs or helping them move around when this
is needed.
You'll enjoy this role if.
How to Apply
If you'd like to discuss this role, have any questions, or wish
to submit an application, you can contact us below by phone or
You can apply by:
Contact Number: 01698 372 003
Interview DetailsInterviews are held on an ongoing basis
Capability Scotland is a company limited by guarantee,
registered in Scotland, number SC036524.
It is a registered Scottish Charity, number SC011330
Web
design by Innovation Digital LtdThe Coroner's Lunch: A Dr Siri Murder Mystery
Colin Cotterill (Author) Quercus (Author)
Available
DescriptionLaos,.
Product Details
Price
£9.99 £9.29
Publisher
Quercus Publishing
Publish Date
1 April 2010
Language
Type
Paperback
EAN/UPC
9781849165181
BIC Categories:
Earn By Promoting Books
Earn money by sharing your favourite books through our Affiliate programme.Canteen Carnival Day - Wednesday 12th September - Mufti Day Gold Coin Donation , Bike Bash sign up Tuesday with Mrs Cook, Food Stalls, Friendship Bracelets, on sale at lunchtime. PSSP Activities and our brave students and teachers shaving/cutting their hair. Proceeds to Canteen supporting teenagers living with Cancer.
Mr Ruegg will be doing the Death Nut Challenge first - sponsored by Bedford Homes, and then shave his hair whilst enduring five minutes of pain.MILLCREEK — An 18-year-old man with the moniker "Menace" has been arrested in connection with the shooting of a 19-year-old man last week.
Darrious Amour Lee Houston, of Taylorsville, was arrested over the weekend and booked into the Salt Lake County Jail for investigation of attempted murder and two counts of felony discharge of a firearm.
On Thursday night, a 19-year-old man was standing outside a house near 4000 South and 500 East when a car pulled up, words were exchanged, and the man was shot in the chest, according to police.4 comments on this story
"The bullet missed the victim's heart by approximately 2 centimeters, nearly killing him," according to a Salt Lake County Jail report.
Police say Houston, who was the driver of the vehicle, fired from the car to the sidewalk, where the victim was standing, the report states. A juvenile in the passenger seat was arrested shortly after the incident.
Both Houston and the juvenile have gang ties, according to police.
The victim, who does not have gang ties, was reported to be in fair condition Friday.Non Printed Wyndham Covers
Our Wyndham fabric is 100% polyester, machine washable and dry-able for easy care and is durably Flame Retardant for safety. All orders are shipped with a Flame Retardant Certificate from an independent testing laboratory. Do not dry clean screen-printed products. Swatch cards or single 7″ x 10″ swatches are available upon request. Dye lots may vary.
Request a Quote for a Non Printed Wyndham Cover
Wyndham Fabric & Colors
Wyndham Swatches with Pantone ValuesSilvercar’s grace period is 59 minutes. Your 24 hour rental period begins at the time you actually pick up your Silvercar. If you find you need to extend your rental and return later than originally expected, you can modify your reservation in the Silvercar application.
Beyond the initial grace period, charges will apply as follows:
60 - 119 minutes = 25% of the daily rate
120 - 179 minutes = 50% of the daily rate
180 - 239 minutes = 75% of the daily rate
240 minutes or more = 100% of the daily rate.
Additional rate charges are subject to applicable taxes and fees.
If you have other questions about extending your rental or making other arrangements for car return, feel free to contact your Silvercar location.
You can always receive 24/7 assistance by submitting a request.Amar Chitra Katha launches first ACK Stories Alive fiction novel
ACK has sold over 90 million copies in 20 languages so far and is home to popular comics like Tinkle and Karadi Tales.books Updated: Jun 30, 2015 19:14 IST
Amart Chitra Katha, the publisher of one of India's largest comic series has launched a new novel Counter Theft. It is the first fiction to come out from the brand under its imprint ACK Stories Alive. ACK has sold over 90 million copies in 20 languages so far and is home to popular comics like Tinkle and Karadi Tales.
"With authentic writing and a gripping narrative style, the imprint will bring alive thrilling and rich tales from India's vast treasure trove of stories," publishers announced on Tuesday.
Priced at Rs 225, Counter Theft will be available at all book stores from July 1 and is available for download as e-book from kindle, Ibook and Magster from July 7.
"With this launch, a new chapter in Indian storytelling begins. This is the first in a vast collection of new novels that will enthrall readers across the world with unique stories, written in a compelling narrative form," Rajesh Iyer, founding editor, ACK Stories Alive said.
A series of novels are slated to come out every year with books filled with stories spanning both modern and ancient inspirations that "can be enjoyed by the young and old alike."
"We are collaborating with India's best writers to produce a diverse and rich tapestry of books, each unique and connected to the Indic story telling narrative," Iyer said.
The story of Chandralekha has been penned by Mumbai-resident Renuka Vishwanathan, a prolific author who is a five-time winner of the Children's Book Trust.
Under its new imprint, ACK Stories Alive will launch four books in English in the first year and has plans of scaling up in the second year and is also looking at possible translations into other languages, Iyer, Founding Editor, ACK Stories Alive said.
"The new imprint caters to a different age segment than the comic book readers. We expect to consolidate our reader base as they graduate from comic books to reading good stories from the house of Amar Chitra Katha, where they are assured of quality storytelling.
"Besides, our forthcoming comic books list continues to be robust. We have established authors like Renuka Vishwanath and Shinie Antony in our fold," Iyer told PTI.
The price range of the imprint currently varies between Rs 195 to Rs 225.
First Published: Jun 30, 2015 18:54 ISTIn Guiyang, Mother Nature meets high-techand wrist bandh
Cloud technology has been playing a key role in supporting ecological protection efforts in Guizhou province in recent years, according to local officials.
By simply logging onto an app on their digital devices, members of the forestry department in Guiyang, Guizhou province, can record and compare detailed data related to their business - including biodiversity, the amount of forestry coverage, information about old and rare trees and patrol records over the past few years.
Forest fire management and an emergency response system were among the earliest ecological protection efforts in the city using digital technology.
Preventing fires
Since 2010, the city has began building a geographical information system, a forest fire remote video monitoring system and a big data management and analysis platform for fire prevention.
The system includes one city-level direction center, 11 county-level centers and 47 remote fire monitoring terminals, effectively covering about 39,000 hectares of forest area - more than 10 percent of the city"s coverage - in central areas, according to the Guiyang Ecological Civilization Construction Commission.
By the end of 2017, Guiyang had invested more than 12 million yuan ($1.8 million) in the construction of the monitoring system and the maintenance of the app, and has basically formed an intelligent cloud platform that monitors for disasters, helps manage resources and supports cultivation and industry. Subsystem functions range from surveys to forest fund management.
Enhanced accuracy
"The surveillance is very accurate. The information will be transmitted through the app within 10 seconds, which greatly improves the efficiency of forest fire prevention," said Wu Zhengxing, an official in the Guiyang forest fire prevention office.
According to a recent report from Wu"s department, forest fire incidents fell to only seven this year from a whopping 88 last year. Meanwhile, more fires have been reported quickly through the system.
"The reduction of fires and the quicker response times are the best evidence of digital efficiency in the forestry department," Wu said.
According to Li Tao, an engineer at the forest resources management station in Guiyang, the system has effectively improved field work, both for him and his colleagues.wristband maker silicone fidget spinner team bride wristbands wide rubber bands 24hr wristbandDon't Like My Neoliberal Party Card? I Have Others!
Don't like the others? I have my neoliberal party card:
We are all of many parties and cliques—unless, that is, we are misanthropes, or reflexively contrarian trolls (but I repeat myself): we think in groups, composed of those who think enough like us that we can understand them and yet differently enough from us that we can learn from them...
#cedarbrook #moralphilosophy #cognition #socialdemocracy #neoliberalism #fifthinternationalTwo families, two days, a sluggish computer to edit on, and some cute pics in the end 🙂 This first family is the “B” family, the mom grew up with my husband, the sister of my husband’s best friend. They have such a sweet family, and I absolutely loved meeting them!
Okay, isn’t Amy just stunning? It’s really rather unfair. I loved how they wore coordinating polo shirts – SO cute. Loved it.
This little guy was so adorable. He had an upset tummy and puked up a few times, but you can’t tell from the pictures! His eyes just about did me in.
His big brother was such a card! It took a while for him to warm up to me, but a little rendition of “The Wheels on the Bus” and he was putty in my hands 😉
I also did a newborn photoshoot two days later, and I just loved this little family. They were so fun to visit with, and their baby girl was adorable. She surprised us by refusing to pose in the regular poses and instead wanted most of her shots to be over the shoulder. thoughts on “Picture this!”
! 🙂Spotlight Health
- 2017
Laboratory discoveries, cutting-edge technology, and clinical advances are converging to bring better medicine to more people on an unparalleled scale. We’re conquering killer diseases, figuring out how people can live longer than at any other time in history, replacing deteriorating body parts with greater ease, learning how the brain really works, and bringing disciplines together to solve problems collectively. Find out what’s new and what’s hot in health and medicine at Med School sessions that are closely tied into Spotlight Health’s other rich offerings.Search
Listings in Dry Wall Contractors
Kwinda DNM Enterprises
in Dry Wall Contractors, Electricians & Electrical Contractors, General Contractors, Home Remodeling Contractors, Home Cleaning
Kwinda DNM Enterprises is a South African based company carrying out construction services, property maintenance and installation work across South Africa.
4098 Braam Fischer Phase 1
Johannesburg, Gauteng
South Africa
Review this
061 358 4541
Renovate Afrika offers a range of professional services including general household and office renovations, repair and maintenance, and electrical and plumbing work, all executed by a highly skilled team of trustworthy technicians.
Market Street
Market Street
Midrand, Gauteng 1685
South Africa
Bookmark this |Send E-mail
Review thisSouth Africa is still mainly a cash economy, although alternative payment methods such as credit cards, NFC, and QR codes are becoming increasingly supported.
The number of bank cards in circulation which support NFC payments have also increased, although the number of payment terminals which accept NFC payments have lagged behind.
Even now that many retailers have upgraded to NFC-compatible POS terminals, it is still impossible to rely entirely on contactless payments.
Instead, you will still need to carry your bank card or rely on apps like Samsung Pay which use Magnetic Secure Transmission technology in addition to NFC to support.
MyBroadband spoke to major South African banks to determine why it has taken so long to roll out NFC-compatible payment terminals to all merchants.
Standard Bank
Standard Bank did not provide comment on the obstacles hindering the rollout of NFC-compatible payment terminals, but stated that adoption of the technology was growing.
“As South Africa’s largest card issuer of contactless cards, we are observing a growing trend where 9% of card present transactions are done via NFC technology,” Standard Bank said.
“With the introduction of NFC usage on Samsung phones in South Africa, we expect exponential growth as consumer have more ways to pay,” the bank added.
The bank said another factor which will increase the adoption of contactless payments will be the introduction of contactless payments in South African transport, such as toll roads, trains, and taxis.
FNB
FNB said that 80% of its POS terminals across the country are NFC-enabled and it is actively replacing older devices with contactless-enabled hardware.
“This is in line with our commitment to help our merchants to keep up with the consumer-driven demand for contactless payments,” FNB said.
“We believe that a universal adoption of NFC-enabled POS devices will significantly improve the safety and efficiency of payments for merchants and consumers, and curb queues by improving the speed at which transactions can be processed.”
The bank added that the rollout of NFC-enabled terminals is partly restricted by legacy infrastructure, but added that South African merchants are becoming increasingly aware of the benefits of contactless payments.
“The logistical considerations include the manual exchange or replacement of old devices with the new NFC-ready terminals,” FNB said.
“In addition, the migration has a cost implication for a business and operationally, there are other considerations that any acquirer needs to take into account.”
The bank added that the frequency of contactless payments by FNB customers increased by 100% and 300% on credit and debit cards respectively.
By 2018, FNB said it had over 8.5 million contactless-enabled debit and credit cards in the hands of consumers.
Nedbank
Nedbank card and payments acceptance executive Mpho Sadiki told MyBroadband that all of Nedbank’s systems are contactless-enabled.
“At Nedbank specifically, all of our POS systems are contactless and are enabled for merchants to accept contactless cards and NFC-enabled phones for payments,” Sadiki said.
“Nedbank began its rollout of contactless terminals in 2013 and completed the rollout to all our clients in 2016.”
“From a Nedbank perspective, we issue contactless cards on all our primary debit and credit cards,” Sadiki added.
Absa
Absa relationship banking managing executive Carel Grönum told MyBroadband that the percentage of POS systems in South Africa configured to accept contactless card payments is about 75% to 85%.
“The devices that cannot process contactless cards are being phased out and removed from the field entirely,” he said.
Grönum said the rollout had been slowed somewhat because not all devices were enabled to provide the functionality from a hardware perspective – and these units were not yet fully depreciated.
“In the early days of contactless, the functionality was used mainly in the transit space. There were very few consumer cards that were enabled for contactless processing and consumers were skeptical and reluctant to use them,” Grönum said.
“Certification processes for both the card and POS device are not a simple process and it took a while to get the process bedded down.”
Grönum told MyBroadband that approximately 18% of the bank’s daily transactions consist of contactless cards, but this number is growing.
data-src="" alt="Absa logo".Author Joylene Nowell Butler’s new release, Mâtowak Woman Who Cries , was published in November by Dancing Lemur Press LLC.
Joylene’s tour ran from Oct. 17 through Nov. 19. Posts consisted of reviews, interviews, and excerpts. There was also a tour-wide giveaway for three (3) print copies of the book open to U.S. residents only and one (1) eBook copy open internationally. Be sure to check out the tour schedule at the bottom of the post.
This was an exciting tour and we hope you’ll visit along with us. You can find the dates, blog locations and types of posts featured below.
Nov. 1 – Ali – The Dragon Slayer – Excerpt
Writer’s Gambit – Interview
Nov. 2 – A Bluestocking’s Place – Excerpt on Blogger – on WordPress
Crystal Collier, Author – Feature
Nov. 10 – Bookworm 1102 – Excerpt
Nov. 11 – The Book’s The Thing – Guest Post
Nov. 14 – Christine Rains – Writer– Excerpt
Bish Denham – Excerpt
Nov. 15 – Rosie Amber – Review
Nov. 17 – The Girl With Book Lungs – Excerpt
Nov. 18 – Celtic Lady’s Reviews – Review
Nov. 19 – Brooke Blogs – Review, Excerpt
Extra Reviews – Stuart Aken
Lisa Haselton’s Reviews and Interviews
You can check out the giveaway HERE. It will end Nov. 22.:
Dancing Lemur Press, L.L.C
The print copy is available at: steampunk collaboration Break Time.
Author Joylene Nowell Butler_2<<
12 thoughts on “Mâtowak Woman Who Cries by Joylene Nowell Butler”
Thank you so much for handling this tour, Pamela. I could not have done it without you.
Joylene,
It has been my pleasure to work with you on this tour and all the wonderful bloggers helping to make it a reality.
LikeLiked by 1 personHeadingley 4+
All-Net.ca Inc
- Free
Screenshots
Description
Because of it proximity to Winnipeg, Headingley boasts big city amenities and services, yet provides residents with a slower paced, intimate community life. Hospitals, large shopping centers, and a wide range of professional services are a quick drive from Headingley.
One of Headingly’s biggest advantages is its low residential tax and no business tax. This makes Headingley a very attractive place to live and set up businesses. The community is an ideal place for businesses to locate, since it draws upon its location.
The app provides residents and visitors with immediate access to local news, events, maps and a complete business directory.
What’s New
Version 1.5
- Added Support for iPhoneX
Information
- Seller
- All-Net.ca Inc
- Size
- 15 MB
- Compatibility
Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.
- Languages
- Age Rating
- Rated 4+
- © All-Net.ca
- Price
- Free
Supports
Family Sharing
With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app.Stimulation protocols for low response patients rationale
Women are born with a certain number of eggs, they never make any more eggs their entire life. At the time of puberty when women start menstruating they have lost over 90% of their eggs having a few hundred thousand remaining. Each month with menses a group of eggs start to develop, only one of which goes on to ovulate. If multiple eggs develop a multiple pregnancy can occur. The remaining eggs that do not mature form scars in the ovary. The whole cohort of eggs is lost each month. Being on birth control pills does not prevent this programmed loss of eggs. As the eggs get older they accumulate genetic/chromosomal errors in response to different environmental insults, i.e., free radicals, alcohol, caffeine, tobacco, chemotherapeutic drugs and other toxins. As a result of the decreased number and quality of eggs fertility rates decrease over time. At age 35 fertility rates drop significantly, by age 40 rates drop drastically. The great majority of women older than 42 will require donor eggs to achieve healthy ongoing pregnancies.
Since the very first IVF pregnancy there have been countless different stimulation protocols to try and get women to produce more and better quality eggs. In my reproductive medicine career spanning almost 30 years, I have reviewed at least 30 different protocols none of which have ever been shown to significantly improve the number and quality of eggs. The only medication that has some evidence supporting a benefit to egg quality has been growth hormone, and this is questionable. Because we have not been able to significantly improve egg number and quality in the low response patient, the stimulation strategy has changed over the last several years to stimulating patients with the least costly option, i.e. low dose gonadotropin protocols or even oral medications. While there is a cost rational for this, in these patients it is critical to get as many eggs as possible. For that reason, in most cases, I will stimulate the patient with a high dose protocol to try and get every egg that is coming along to develop. In the case of repeated IVF failures in the low response patient, the only real solution is that of either donor egg or donor embryo IVF whereby younger, healthier eggs are used.
Kevin L. Winslow, M.D.
Director for Florida Institute for Reproductive MedicineLooking for a great piece of land on which to build your dream home? This Featured Search only displays lots and vacant land listings.
201 Medio Avenue,Half Moon Bay, CA
Courtesy of Allan Bernardi
- $550,000
Intero Real Estate ServicesCourtesy of Allan Bernardi
Intero Real Estate Services
108 Lotus Way,East Palo Alto, CA
Courtesy of Fabi Soliemani
- $550,000
Synoptic Real Estate GroupCourtesy of Fabi Soliemani
Synoptic Real Estate Group
00 MORGAN TERRITORY RD,Livermore, CA
Courtesy of Michael Glazzy
- $549,000
Souza Realty & DevelopmentCourtesy of Michael Glazzy
Souza Realty & Development
2320 Wildrose Court,Gilroy, CA
Courtesy of Teri Fortino
- $548,000
Intero Real Estate ServicesCourtesy of Teri Fortino
Intero Real Estate Services
34300 Robinson Canyon Road,Carmel-By-The-Sea, CA
Courtesy of Alan Drew
- $545,000
Santa Lucia Preserve RealtyCourtesy of Alan Drew
Santa Lucia Preserve Realty
280 Tilton Avenue,Morgan Hill, CA
Courtesy of Lee Schmidt
- $539,000
Realty World- South CountyCourtesy of Lee Schmidt
Realty World- South County
0 Redwood Retreat Road,Gilroy, CA
Courtesy of Sylvia Bell
- $539,000
Coldwell Banker Residential BrokerageCourtesy of Sylvia Bell
Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage
235 Larita Drive,Ben Lomond, CA
Courtesy of William Cree
- $535,000
David Lyng Real EstateCourtesy of William Cree
David Lyng Real Estate
25980 Ned Lane,Carmel Valley, CA
Courtesy of Gayle Crusan
- $529,000
International Estates
Inc.Courtesy of Gayle Crusan
International Estates
Inc.
234 2nd Street,Montara, CA
Courtesy of Ara Croce
- $529,000
Intero Real Estate ServicesCourtesy of Ara Croce
Intero Real Estate Services
221 El Toyonal,Orinda, CA
Courtesy of Laura Abrams
- $525,000
Coldwell BankerCourtesy of Laura Abrams
Coldwell Banker
15 Overlook Ct,Walnut Creek, CA
Courtesy of Tony Cristiani
- $525,000
RE/MAX AccordCourtesy of Tony Cristiani
RE/MAX Accord-CRAFTSMANSHIP-Manufacturing of Daishin
01/ 05
Specialized in ultra-fine parts
Daishin’s technology began with parts feeders of precision watch parts in Nagano Prefecture where the precision industry has grown. Research and development of the parts feeder system that began with Daishin’s unique theory to blend electronics and mechatronics with the times, has evolved to Daishin’s original parts feeders specialized in ultra-fine parts, along with the advancement of high performance and compact electronic devices through the rise of digitization and IT technologies.
Having “always exceeding Daishin” as a goal, we will keep on refining one-of-a-kind technology and continuing to lead the world based on the persistent efforts and creative ideas.
02/ 05
Always aiming for the best without compromising
Most of Daishin’s products are customized products according to customers’ needs. How to achieve the stable operation at a customer’s factory is a major point. However, achieving stable operation is not the only purpose. For Daishin, high quality means to increase the product’s potential, fully capture assembly line capabilities of the customers, and achieve excellent cost performance.
All employees always ask “what is quality” by themselves and always aim for the best. Because of our persistence to quality, we are pursuing high quality that exceeds the needs by covering the entire process by ourselves including concept, development, designing, manufacturing, and maintenance.
03/ 05
Hoping to deliver products that surprise the world
Manufacturing in Japan is the ground for boasting our trusted quality. Daishin’s origin is Nagano Prefecture, home of Japan’s precision instruments once said to be the Oriental Switzerland. The spirit of “manufacturing” born there was handed down from people to people in the company. Daishin has been working on labor-saving and streamlining by introducing 3D CAD and CAM from an early stage and promoting production incorporating machining centers and multiple lathes. At the same time, it is also focusing on the development of human resources.
The term “feed” of “parts feeder” has the meaning of sending or supplying, as well as “cultivating” and “nurturing.” Daishin’s manufacturing spirit includes cultivating wisdom, nurturing people, and contributing to society based on the skills of the predecessor. To be true Daishin, we will continue to stick to in-house production and continue to disseminate our products from Japan to the world.
04/ 05
Team power to make the impossible possible
Daishin has an unbroken line of people who have been inheriting the spirit since the company’s founding. The technology developed together as a team has become a great force to accelerate downsizing of various products by providing parts feeders of ultra-fine chips specialized in electronic parts and semiconductor parts, and its excellent technology is now recognized by the world. Electronic parts of 0.25 mm in length and 0.15 mm in width, which are no longer visible with the naked eye, can be selected and supplied at ultra-high speeds of 5,000 or more per minute, by using new technologies such as tooling technology and piezo vibration technology.
The company’s slogan is “To try anyway.” Daishin is boasting one-of-a-kind technology which is based on the continuous challenging spirit.
05/ 05
Manufacturing beyond expectations
Daishin’s products are committed to customer satisfaction. We do not just deliver products. We provide total support, including needs analysis, making proposals for the best parts handling system based on advanced technologies and out-of-the-box ideas, manufacturing, and maintenance.
Daishin has a strong competitive edge in parts feeders that organize, deliver and supply ultra-fine parts. The evolution of the parts feeders is born from the process of responding to customers’ needs. Daishin’s pleasure is to make customers feel benefits and provide services beyond their expectations.
We promise that Daishin will continue to grow with customers.
A Sophisticated Parts Feeder will change the way you manufacture!
Executive Directors, Alternates, and Advisors
- International Monetary Fund. Secretary's Department
- Published Date:
- November 1982
Show Summary DetailsOur Approach:
Our ‘Approach Goal’ is to deliver the required specification the Client wants, and the required specified preservation level of the substrata.
This may sound obvious but it is unfortunately not often the case in paint removal and structure cleaning.
We acknowledge that there is a bit of an artistic eye required with our work in order to achieve the specification or ‘look’ the Client and Architect after. And in terms of Listed buildings and structures there are most definitely specification goals and preservation requirements to be achieved. With all building projects there is an element of discovery during this stage in terms of what the layers of coatings are, how they respond to the removal processes and what the condition of the substrata is like. As such, the specification goals may change during the process by the client and/or by the building itself and it is our goal to respond and adapt to these changes accordingly.
Our Processes:
Soda Blasting >> Thermatech Super-Heated-Steam >> Technical Light Abrasive Basting
Our ‘Process Goal‘ is to offer the most appropriate method(s) to achieve the desired specification and substrata preservation level in the most efficient and cost effective method possible. Below is a brief explanation of the three primary systems we use.
Soda Blasting Method:
Sodablasting – Is a non-abrasive blast cleaning method and it’s methodology is at the heart of what we do. That is, to achieve the best specification using a substrata friendly process with eco friendly credentials.
Soda blasting is not a new process but it is relatively new to the UK and becoming better known, especially in the listed building industry and other sectors such as manufacturing where specialty applications are required and few efficient methods exist.
What is Sodablasting and how does it work:
Sodablasting uses an industrial food grade level baking soda that is slightly more crystallized than what is in your kitchen cupboard.
In application it looks like typical grit blasting but it is a VERY different process.
The basic principle is that the soda crystal hits the surface where it crushes & pops, creating a sideways action or energy that removes paint and other contaminants.
It is an incredibly diverse process but it does have limitations which is why we also offer other processes.
Dry or Wet:
– Dry application it is most often used so dust management is required
– Wet application is used in certain outdoor instances such as graffiti removal in a public place so no dust management is required.
Applications include: Paint removal, wood beam paint removal & cleaning, wax & stain/paint removal, cement based coating removal, organic matter remediation, stone cleaning, fire damage, general cleaning & degreasing from various surfaces, industrial equipment refurbishment, structural fabric cleaning, and much more…
Can be used on: Wood (Oak, Elm, some pine applications, etc) , Sandstones, all other stone, brick, tiles, aluminium, fibreglass, carbon fibre, copper, bronze, stainless steel, steel, cast iron, glass, rubber and many plastics, and more…
Super-Heated-Steam Method:
This application is the most sympathetic of any system for stone, brick and concrete cleaning and paint removal
and normally no chemicals are required as a pre-treatment.
- Thermatech Super-Heated-Steam is a low pressure steam machine that operates at 150 degrees (steam is created at 100 degrees).
- Thermatech is not a typical hot water pressure washer or even a typical steam cleaner/hotbox. At best, these other hot water systems produce very hot water and ‘occasional’ steam.
- Termatech operates at consistent high temperatures and the system can be adjusted to different heat/pressure requirements.
- People in the restoration industry will likely have heard of ‘Doff’. To be clear, ‘Doff’ is a brand of machine v/s the process which is Super-Heated-Steam. The Thermatech machine basically functions like a Doff machine (ie. outputs super-heated-steam) but by opinion is a more efficient system and can operate at the 150 degree level consistently.
Super-Heated-Steam and how does it works
In application the system will look similar to pressure washing but it is very different. Operating at a low pressure, super-heated-steam will bubble modern pliable paint coatings from the substrata and clean the most delicate sandstone of organic contaminants without using high volumes of water or injecting high levels of water into the substrata.
Although most work can be completed using plain water, if we do encounter an extremely difficult modern coating, we can use a paint softner (different to a chemical paint stripper) as a pre-treatment that absorbs into the paint making the steam removal process easier. Also, some carbons with deep ingresses into stone can require the use of a poultice to help draw this out IF a lighter specification is desired than what can be achieved without it.
Applications include:
– Modern pliable paint and coating removal from stone, brick & concrete
– Stone, Brick & Concrete Cleaning – organics, carbons, general grime, chewing gum and other contaminants
– Deep Cleaning of warehouse floors, tennis courts, pavements, paving blocks,
– Other applications include UV Varnish removal from hardwoods such as Oak (survey required)
Can be used on:
Stone, brick, concrete, tiles, stainless steel, hardwoods and any other substrata that is not affected by heat up to 150 degrees.
** An additional service is the application of moss & algae killing solutions to patios, footpath’s, roof areas, walls, etc.
Light Restoration Grade Basting Method:
We have somewhat coined this phrase in order to differentiate our services from what is generally referred to as ‘grit blasting’ or ‘shot blasting’ or ‘sand blasting’. The latter are typically industrial blasting applications such as blasting heavy steel or concrete with the aim of removing surface material to produce a specific profile for industrial coatings and utilize much heavier equipment and blast medias.
We are in the restoration blasting industry and specialize in the use of very light abrasives, which are very useful in many applications to achieve a particular specification. This level of abrasive blasting is more about finesse and we can achieve incredible results.
Some of the equipment we use for this is more traditional blasting kit but as we run a very high quality dry air for soda blasting, we can run very light abrasives, in contrast to most typical ‘grit & shot blasters’ whose equipment is typically geared up for heavy blast medias.
Not to give our secrets away, but we use a recycled range of products that are friable and comes in a variety of very fine grades.
Typically we may use the light abrasives as a stand alone process, or in conjunction with our other processes to achieve efficiencies and/or a particular specification.
Applications:
- New green oak – remove stains & marks without excessive grain loss or ‘fuzzing wood’
- purposely ‘weathering’ or ‘aging’ new wood to blend with old wood (solid wood or veneers)
- Providing a ‘key’ for certain refinishes
- Removing heavy wood fillers
- Etching rust from steel, purposely providing a key on a surface for refinishing process
- Lightening stone or brick where tars have cooked into them due to fire damage
- Removing cement based coatings from stone and brick
- Removing difficult coatings prior to detailing with soda
- Detailing certain substrata to achieve a particular specification
- And so on as required or specified
All content on this website is © SW Sodablast Ltd and may not be copiedParks and Recreation Master Plan
Posted: April 25, 2016
Over the past eighteen months, Randolph Township has been engaged in the process of preparing a master plan to assess the township’s parks and recreation needs.
With the guidance of consulting firm Brandstetter Carroll, a steering committee comprised of members of the township council, recreation and parks committees, and staff conducted several initiatives to gain feedback from residents on their vision of Randolph parks and recreation programs.
In addition to a statistically valid survey that was mailed to a random sample of Randolph households, there were also online surveys, public meetings and stakeholder group meetings with various users of township facilities. This feedback from the public led to the “Building Community Through Parks” theme that guided the steering committee and the consultants in developing the following mission statement:
The mission of Randolph Parks and Recreation is to build community and enrich lives through the provision of recreational, educational and cultural opportunities that encourage residents to enjoy life and have fun.
Building upon this theme is the vision to provide a wide range of park and recreational services that are fun, connected and accessible for residents and visitors. These services will promote community enrichment through the provision of excellent facilities and programs that are equitable and accessible to all residents, with a focus on sustainability (environmental and financial) and cooperation.
A presentation of the final draft of the Parks and Recreation Master Plan will be presented to the Randolph Township Council on Thursday, May 5 at 7:00 p.m. This presentation will summarize the process of developing the plan, as well as make recommendations for individual parks to be implemented within specific time frames over the next 10 to 12 years.
For residents who wish to see the draft of the Parks and Recreation Master Plan prior to the presentation on May 5, it may be viewed online.As the world population is sprawling, every urban city is growing profusely; and along with are growing the issues of traffic congestion, public transportation and increasing pollution content. Most of the metro cities in India go through the same situation; facing long travelling distances and suffering an enormous time commuting from one place to another resulting in huge national lose.
With every sprouting metropolitan going through the same scenario; TOD is that silver line which can substantially reduce travel time and encourage people to use public transport. Through this, anew urban map needs to be designed with workplaces being positioned near residences and public amenities placed within walking distances. This design distribution with an enhanced public transport network helps to reduce significant travel time for the masses and promotes public transport usage. With low carbon emissions and subsiding pollution; higher density of population with proper, planned massing; mixed land usage creating homogenous neighborhoods and sustainably compact development plan; it is needless to say that Transit Oriented Development is the need of the hour and therefore it is being hailed as a key initiative among the emerging and developed economies.
Cities like Montreal, San Francisco, Vancouver, Toronto, Paris and Hong Kong have largely benefitted from this kind of urban development. A densely populated city like Hong Kong has minimum car ownership ratio and public transport is preferred there 90 percent times. Earlier in Hong Kong no railway was built until an area was well developed. However, only some time back they have adopted the TOD model in areas like Union Square, and Olympian City. These are areas where a railway line has been built with the residential development being right above or nearby.
Addressing the growing pollution issue, traffic congestion and scarce housing options for the middle or low income groups in Delhi; the Ministry of Urban Development has given a ‘go’ to the Transit Oriented Development Policy for the Indian capital. About 20% of Delhi’s entire area will fall under the influence zone of Transit Oriented Development and 45% of this developed land will be earmarked for affordable housing opportunities. The area for Transit Oriented Development will extend up to 500 meters on both sides of the MRTS corridors or stations. However, some localities that will be covered under the non-influence zone, include Lutyens bungalow zone, Civil Lines bungalow area, Monument regulated zone, Zone ‘O’ (lying around river Yamuna) and the low density residential areas.
Transit Oriented Development boasts of a great city planning initiative requiring participation from all bodies like central and state government, private and public sector, collected unanimously. This design philosophy may prove to be an ideal design model for other cities to follow, as it has the significant potential to change the national capital’s landscape but the real key will lie in implementing it. Let’s hope, it proves to be a remarkable design strategy, as it seems to.There are theories that say snoring once performed an important function. When the early man was still sleeping in the open air, the noise had drawn the attention of the predators to the old - and often snoring - people or even deterred the robbers. No, says Dr. Michael Herzog.
Snoring has no use. Neither before nor today. In the best case, it would be annoying, in the worst case, a serious illness behind it. Although society has become more sensitive to the topic in recent years, "it is nevertheless trivialized," says Herzog, a physician who is currently working on a new snoring medical guideline.
Snoring alone is not a disease. And hiding the problem behind the bedroom door carries risks. Because behind the snoring can be a serious illness. The most common is obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS), which requires a lot of hard work from the body. In an apnea, the muscles of the upper respiratory tract relax. As a result, the throat shrinks to a smaller diameter and has less space to pass the inhaled air. But we can not breathe less permanently and do without the required amount of oxygen, so we have to work harder. Through this increased suction while breathing it pulls the throat even more together until it is completely closed - the person can no longer breathe, the oxygen saturation in the blood decreases and the carbon dioxide (CO2) content rises. If the CO2 content in the blood is too high, the person faints. To prevent this, the body struggles even more and sounds the alarm. It comes with a slight waking, the muscle tension increases, the throat opens with explosive snoring, and we can breathe again. The health consequences can be serious.
Affected persons chronically wake up in the morning, often with a dull headache caused by the lack of oxygen, they sweat in sleep a lot, and the heart no longer works properly. In the long term, sufferers would be at increased risk for a loss of libido, heart attack and stroke.
In the long run, snoring leads to hair loss, oily skin and pimples. People who do not sleep well age faster. Because the repair mechanisms of the skin run off while sleeping.
For the treatment of snoring, there are many options: side bolsters, supine prevention vests, bite bars, sleep apps, breathing masks, the implantation of a tongue pacemaker, surgical tightening of the soft palate, the removal of tonsils or polyps.
Because we do not always know where and when the snoring and apnea arise, the treatment is sometimes difficult. Also because the treatment of snoring takes place at a certain time of life. With age the respiratory system becomes flabby, people become heavier, the muscles are not so strong.SHAWNEE, Kan. — The founder of a Christian school in Shawnee is now facing even more child sex abuse charges.
Dennis Creason was charged Tuesday with six more counts of aggravated indecent liberties. He was previously charged with three other counts in late August.
Dennis Creason
Creason is the founder of Oaklawn Christian School, a pre-K through sixth grade school in Shawnee. Since the initial charges, the school has taken down its website along with the Oaklawn sign out front.
Court documents say the 48-year-old allegedly inappropriately touched multiple children under the age of 14 from May 2009 to September 2018.
Since the initial three charges, investigators said in September they were in contact with dozens of additional parents, and they were interviewing more potential victims.
Creason is currently being held in the Johnson County jail on a $1 million bond. Creason’s attorney requested that bond be reduced, but a judge denied the request.
If convicted, Creason faces a potential life sentence with no possibility of parole for at least 25 years. He is next scheduled to appear in court Nov. 19.
Shawnee police are asking any parents who have or had a child enrolled at the school or its before- and after-school programs to contact police if they have experienced any suspicious acts at the school.
“If a parent is questioning if they should contact us, please do so,” Shawnee police said in a release.
Parents can reach Shawnee police at 913-742-6685 or at crimetips@cityofshawnee.org.
Previous coverage:.
First we will go over the best amounts and types of ammunition to stockpile. This could be specific to the caliber and gauge of the firearms you so they may be somewhat generalized. The first type is the ultra popular 22LR. It is common and popular for good reason because it is light, effective, and generally cost efficient. The fact that you can generally get larger lots of this ammo for a fraction of the cost makes it an absolute staple in any ammo stockpile. Chances are you already own a 22LR and if you are new to firearms they are great way to get into shooting because of the lack of harsh noise and absence of recoil making it easy to get your fundamentals down. If you are able to master your shooting fundamentals with a gun that uses cheap ammunition you will be way ahead rather than trying to buy a gun to make you better. 22LR is now becoming a little easier to get a hold of in the 500 round lots again so it is a good time to go out and grab some. My recommendation for the amount to keep on hand is 2,000 rounds that you actually keep stockpiled away from your normal shooting stash. In the event you need to hunt for food this gives you a lot of opportunities with minimal space to store it and weight of the cache. This is only 4 cases of the 500 round “bricks” you typically see people buying.
For semiautomatic weapons such as your AR-15 and AR-10 platforms, as well as semiautomatic pistols it is a good idea to keep around 2,000 rounds as well because these types of rifles can really chew through your ammunition stock if you do a lot of shooting. It’s pretty much nothing to go out and shoot 100 rounds in an afternoon and that is just a little over 3 standard 30 round magazines. If you can keep stock of more than this it is even better but aiming for 2,000 rounds in reserve plus whatever amount you deem for practice shooting is a great goal to shoot for. It is the easiest and most affordable to buy FMJ (full metal jacket) ammunition because it is the most available and in the largest lots if you want to get bulk pack. A good goal is to have around 200 rounds of the more specialty type ammunition such as ballistic tip, hollow point, and match ammo because they are great for what they are designed for but are often over double the price of the conventional FMJ type ammunition.
For your bigger bolt guns and magnum rifles try to keep around 250 rounds in your reserve stash. The reason for this being a lower number is factored by two main reasons: cost and amount typically used. If you own a 300 win mag you know how expensive it is to shoot and the fact you don’t typically go out and try to shoot 100 rounds in a day unless your shoulder is made out of granite. However if you do a lot of long-range shooting you may go through more of this ammo so keep in mind the 250 rounds is just the amount of ammo you are saving for an emergency not included in your normal shooting ammo. For shotguns aim for about 500 rounds because regardless of gauge this is a lot of firepower. It might be a good idea to get a variety of loads besides just basic #7 bird-shot. 00 buckshot is great because of its effectiveness at self-protection and slugs for hunting. up.
Jessie
May 21, 2017 at 1:30 am
Or rendering it useless if one could not buy ammo for it. Personally, I think the m193 is a deadlier round because it yaws in its target as opposed to producing ice pick wounds like the m855.This is a guest post from Alice Brown of Automotive Bros.
Are you an automotive aficionado? I guess you are. Most of us who love automotives find the usual every everyday car extremely boring. All I use my usual car for is taking my little ones to school, pick groceries, run personal errands and haul stuff from Home Depot. These cars are reliable, utilitarian, practical and in my case, incredibly boring.
Via news.classiccars.com
However, I also have in my garage one of the rarest automobiles, a classic model that provides me with much more than just transportation. A nice quality classic car can cost you thousands of dollars. If you have in your collection the most expensive classic cars, you are financially safe. For this reason, I find Classic Cars the Best Collectable Investment Ever.
It is without a shred of doubt that the world most expensive classic car ever sold on auction is 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO Berlinetta, Chassis 3851GT. Bonhams auctioneers sold this car at auction for a whopping $38,560,000 making it the most valuable car in the world. Ferrari 250 is a grand touring (GT) car produced by the Italian firm Ferrari from 1962 to 1964. However, what makes this classic car so valuable?
Why Is Ferrari 250 GTO So Expensive?
So many contributing factors determine the overall value of a classic car. Here are the most important reasons why Ferrari 250 GTO is so expensive.
1. Low Production Volume
One of the most important determining factors in the valuation of a classic car is its volume of production. A very low volume of production means only a few of those cars will be there and this means increased demand amidst low supply. Combined, these factors will increase the value of a product. Only 39 units of Ferrari 250 GTO were ever produced.
2. Extremely Rare
As mentioned, only 39 units of this Ferrari classic car were produced. The latest news in car collectibles is that only three of these were available for sale in 2016. Private owners of two of these cars are asking for a price tag of $57 million while a British luxury car specialist Talacrest has one, which goes for a price of $55.8 million. Should anyone buy this car at such asking prices, Ferrari 250 GTO will break its own record yet again.
3. Aesthetic Design and Desirability
If a classic car is well designed and well maintained then it is inevitable that classic car collectors and automotive aficionados will seek to buy it. The design of Ferrari 250 GTO was well ahead of its time. Being a grand touring (or Gran Turismo in Italian), this Ferrari is designed to provide maximum comfort with the Best Car Seat Cover (which you can replace), powerful Ferrari’s Tipo 168/62 V12 engine and an aerodynamic body for maximum travel distance.
It offers comfort and style, which is desirable for many classic car aficionados. The Ferrari 250 GTO is a luxury and performance car capable of achieving very high speeds and long distance driving with no problems at all. The car is three decades old but it still capable of achieving top speeds of up to 300 miles per hour.
4. High Demand
It is a common knowledge that where the demand for a product is high and supply limited the value of such product will definitely be higher. Because of its rarity, design and perceived value among other reasons, car collectors around the world would like to have the car and this increases demand. Since the current owners of Ferrari 250 GTO have already mentioned their desired selling price, many collectors have already expressed their interest and are looking forward to the auctioneering period.
5. The Condition of the Car
The prevailing condition of this car is what makes it a very pricey collectible. If you look at any of the three Ferrari 250 GTOs currently available for sale, they look as good as new. All of them have completed documentation including evidence of restoration. It clear that these cars have undergone restoration work in the past costing several hundreds of dollars, if not millions.
6. Originality and Strong History
The Ferrari 250 GTO has strong originality thanks to Historic Technical Passport as well as FIA (Federation Internationale de l’Automobile) Heritage Certificates in force. In fact, this car was developed for homologation into the FIA’s group 3 GT car category. Originality means the car must always retain the mechanical systems that belonged to it at the time of manufacture in order to prevent undue advantages.
When it comes to history, Sports Car International placed the Ferrari GTO at the eighth position on their list of Top Sports Cars of the 1960s in 2004 and nominated it for the prestigious award of the top sports car of all time. In a similar manner, Motor Trend Classic placed this wonderful car first on the list of Greatest Ferraris of All Time. To add to those titles, Popular Mechanics named the Ferrari GTO the Hottest Cars of All Time. These endorsements add to the desirability of this classic car.
7. Global Economy
The global economy is an important influence on the value of this classic car. This is because classic cars are now regarded as an alternative investment. If the global economy improves, the price of the car will go up and this is true with Ferrari GTO.
For instance, the 1973 oil crisis reduced the price of Ferrari GTO, which at the time only cost around $4000 but the price increased several folds after recovery from the crisis. As long as the world economy is healthy, Ferrari GTO will always be one of the most expensive classic cars.
Final Verdict
Imagine how wealthy it would be for you to store one of the Ferrari 250 GTO Berlinetta currently on sale. One of the best ways to preserve the quality of your classic car is to ensure you maintain it well by following a few tips as the ones you will find in 25 Car Tips Every Car Owner Should Know – With Beautiful Car Pictures! If you give these cars the best restoration, modeling, and structuring with the best car seat covers then you can be certain your classic car will always look as good as new. You can find out more by checking out automotivebros.com.2019 Cadillac Cts V 2 Interior
The clean, straightforward design of the 2019 Cadillac Cts V 2 is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons.
2019 Cadillac Cts V 2 Exterior and Interior Review
The 2019 Cadillac Cts V 2 SUV is in its last year before a redesign, but thankfully not a rethink. It’s spacious, quiet, comfortable, and capable, mostly thanks to its standard all-wheel-drive system and chunky flat-4 enging. The 2019 Cadillac Cts V 2 offers a pleasantly high driving position, lots of front elbow room, and a dashboard far enough away to make the interior feel spacious. The upright shape and low window line make the interior airy and light and give excellent outward visibility.
2019 Cadillac Cts V 2 Exterior and Interior Review
Noise suppression is good, with more sound deadening added last year, as well as an acoustic windshield, thicker window glass, and better door seals. This helps address a chronic 2019 Cadillac Cts V 2 Interior weak point and makes the car much more pleasant for longer trips.
2019 Cadillac Cts V 2 Interior
Top safety scores and continual updates to safety features put the 2019 Cadillac Cts V 2 among the safest cars in its class. All 2019 Cadillac Cts V<<haruko haruhara Posted February 10 hello i have been trying to make a server on zandronum that has Armageddon invasion 2 i need setup a server that actually works the only reason why that i am saying this because the server that i made that you can not respond back so someone needs to make more servers like these i just want skulltag to live again ): 0 Share this post Link to postBreaking news today from the Gold Coast with the all-too-expected news of former Swans grand final coach Rodney "Rocket" Eade copping the boot from the Suns.
The one-time grand finalist coach of the Swans, transformed the defensive nature of the game with his "flood" game style, that was criticised and maligned for most of his tenure, yet was still able to guide Sydney into the grand final in 1996.
After being handed his papers by the Swans in 2002, despite a 53% win/loss record, he moved to the Bulldogs where he managed to guide them into consecutive preliminary finals in 2009 and 2010, narrowly losing to St Kilda on both occasions.
He retired from coaching at the end of 2011, boasting a 54% win/loss record with the Dogs and eventually took on the position of Football and Coaching Strategist at Collingwood, replacing out going Mick Malthouse, who'd thrown a tantrum on his way out the door.
In 2014, Rocket was appointed the coach of the fledgling Gold Coast Suns, replacing Guy McKenna who'd been unceremoniously shown the door, something he didn't deserve given their improving on-field performances.
Eade's appointment was immediately followed by stinging criticism of the off-field performance and culture of the Suns, and he immediately set about rebuilding a brand new club, in its infancy, in all his wisdom.
The net result? He won 16 games over three seasons, including embarrassing losses to the Giants, Crows and Swans this season, as well as their perennial 100 point flogging seasonal ritual.
It's hard to see what improvement he brought to the team, with the 2015 season significantly worse than the 2014 season, winning just 4 games compared to 10 the previous season, scoring almost 300 less and conceding 200 more.
The fortunes of the struggling club have not improved in subsequent seasons, with 6 wins last season and just 6 again in 2017, constantly dogged by Gary Ablett-related issues and rumours, even refusing to play at times, and the steady trickle of players leaving the club.
Perhaps Eade will be remembered more for the failures of the Suns than anything else, despite some of the positive influences and strides the club has made in recent years.
After a solid start to the 2016 season, winning the first three matches, the Suns went on to lose the next 10 by a quite frankly ridiculous average of 57 points.
The Suns stuck firm with Eade through the 2016 season, despite a cacophony of noise from the greater AFL community calling for his replacement, and despondent supporters struggling to see any positive improvement on the horizon.
Predictably, the Swans old firm of coaches has been linked with the now-vacant Suns head coach position, let's just hope that they're sane enough to pass up the opportunity.
At least the Suns have Mark Evans and a strong AFL influence directing the club, instead of excuse-making, sensationalist cheap-shot merchants, who have no business running a club.
This is one quagmire the AFL made on their own.
Want instant access to the latest blog and news content from The Swans Blog?
Download our Android App from Google Play today.View source for Wii Homebrew Setup← Wii Homebrew Setup
You do not have permission to edit this page, for the following reason:
The action you have requested is limited to users in one of the groups: Users, Administrators.
You can view and copy the source of this page.
Templates used on this page:
Return to Wii Homebrew Setup.Catwalk Charlotte Barry London College of Fashion Nova Chiu Stine Riis
Tomorrows Shining Stars, Today: LCF BA(hons) Fashion Show 2011Wednesday, June 15, 2011
London College of Fashion showcased their talented students on Tuesday at their annual BA Catwalk show, held at The Studio, in centra...
London College of Fashion showcased their talented students on Tuesday at their annual BA Catwalk show, held at The Studio, in central London.
The show highlighted the work of 25 up and coming womenswear and menswear designers. As a previous student myself I am proud of LCF’s reputation for nurturing fresh talent and developing designers to not only set up their own labels but also work within the industry designing for our fabulous British high street.
Among the guests were celebrity Jo Wood, founder of iconic store BIBA Barbara Hulanicki and New Young Pony Club vocalist Tahita Bulmer.
Awards were presented to Charlotte Barry who won the Barnett Lawson Award for Best Use of Trimmings and incredible detailing. Stine Riis was presented the Biddle Sawyer Silk Award for her innovative use of silk with wool, chiffon and patent leather, although Collection of the Year went to Nova Chiu from Hong Kong, commended for her “phenomenal technical skill and creative flair”.
I was impressed by all the collections on show, although the highlights were winning designer Nova Chiu for her use of colour, texture and silhouette and Charlotte Barry’s sensational surface textiles collection. As a surface textiles, for fashion graduate myself, I was in my element watching Charlotte’s intricately embellished collection.
Over the past seven months Charlotte has spent time in Philadelphia designing prints for high street store Anthropologie. Her graduate collection was based on Pompeii and Herculaneum, inspired by a fascination for “the famous body-casts, and the intense colours and textures throughout the cities. I wanted it to have a perfect ruin feeling” she said.
To find out more information on all the students and further events in the 2011 Graduate season, please visit the London College of Fashion Website for more information.by Smit Zaveri
(Bangalore )
Her feet dangled from the branch. The anklets around them made a slight sound, a sound you would miss if you weren’t listening for it. Like a piece of thin cloth loosely hung and flying in the wind, her body swayed slightly from side to side, her face resting against the graininess of the banyan tree, her hands wrapped around the roots. Her eyes weren’t open but she was awake, the most awake she had been in the entire day which would be over in less than an hour.Very nice Daniel - made your new album even more interesting!
Hahaha
AWESOME phrasing mate
very nice!!
Great feeling to this Daniel.
thanks guys! I love how latin music can sound emotional using very simple harmony
Very cool
Love it Daniel, this is very very cool ! Love those Marty type bends too !
great. Very dynamic playing. Really heard Santana in this lesson which is great. Carlos is big.
Your range of style is astounding man. Just astounding.
Fantastic composition and playing, Daniel! Love it!
thank you so much guys, means a lot coming from such great musicians!
That's interesting!
Great tune Daniel!
I love the latin vibes in guitar music!
Great solo, man!- apaulus1987
Sunday Drive 5yo Gelding 16'2hh
Shelbyville IN
$3000
*provide zip code for shipping quote*®istry=T&rbt=TB
Sire is the well known "Hold me back".. I sell a lot of these horses to go on to be successful event horses. Sunday is a beautiful boy. He is tall, stocky, bigger boned, charismatic, and easy on the eyes. A feel good tyoe so needs a rider that enjoys having a little more horse under them. Doesnt particularly love the track life, he is a bit kore nervous and tense... but does calm down and is a lot happier on the farm. With some training should come along to be a fancy guy!
It was windy, it was rainy, it was freezing. We did the best we could.How to do woodturning with a strobe light
This is just too weird not to share. The lathe is running at 800RPM,
but it seems to stand still in the light of the strobe.
It is a strange
sensation to force your brain into believing that the wood is in motion.
Only the sickening feeling in your stomach from the flashing and the
sound of the lathe betrays the illusion.!One of my customers called me this morning with some questions regarding SSRS security. Specifically, he was having problems privileging his end users for reports he had created. He wasn't sure what to check, but this was the error the user was receiving:
An error has occurred during report processing.
Cannot create a connection to data source 'DATASOURCENAME'.
For more information about this error navigate to the report
server on the local server machine, or enable remote errors
The user in question was able to launch Report Manager, but any attempt to open a report failed with the above message. After review, we confirmed the user was not privileged in the appropriate database. At this point, I explained the Role-based security model, and the different levels of SQL Server object privileges that are necessary. The problem was resolved when we enabled the correct database permissions for the user.
This post is just a quick query that you can use to see what roles and permissions are assigned to different report server objects.
USE ReportServer;
u.UserName [User],
r.RoleName [Role],
r.Description [PrivilegeDescription],
c.Path [ObjectPath],
c.Name [ObjectType]
FROM
dbo.PolicyUserRole pur INNER JOIN dbo.Policies p
ON pur.PolicyID = p.PolicyID INNER JOIN dbo.Users u
ON pur.UserID = u.UserID INNER JOIN dbo.Roles r
ON pur.RoleID = r.RoleID INNER JOIN dbo.Catalog c
ON pur.PolicyID = c.PolicyID
ORDER BY
u.UserName
This is an example of the output you will receive:
User Role PrivilegeDescription ObjectPath ObjectType
DOMAIN\login Browser May view folders, reports and subscribe to reports. /Data Sources Data Sources
DOMAIN\login Report Builder May view report definitions /FolderName/rptname Report
Please look here for more detail regarding the SSRS object security assignment for reports, report models and resources, and the report data sources.Fiat PalioChange car
Key Specs of Fiat Palio
Fiat Palio Videos
- 0:41Fiat Palio CommercialMar 16, 2012
- 1:49Fiat Palio Crash TestMar 16, 2012
- 1:52Fiat Palio to get a facelift, may also come in LPG version: NDTVNov 21, 2011
Fiat Palio Images
Fiat Palio Mileage
The claimed ARAI mileage: Fiat Palio Diesel is 15.5 kmpl | Fiat Palio Petrol is 15.5 kmpl.
Fiat Palio News
Fiat Palio was India's first hot-hatch and it surely still have people craving for it. True Italian from its heart and soul, designed at I.DE.A Institute for the first-gen model and later came the Pal
Fiat India has launched an all new Fiat Cafe website well ahead of its inauguration to take place in January, next year. To speak of what Fiat Cafe offers, it is more like any other cafeteria, but in
The revamped version of Fiat Palio is expected to be introduced in Brazil and the other South American markets by 2012. The North American markets will see the upgraded Palio under the Dodge marquee.
Have any question? Ask now!
Guaranteed response within 48 hours
Write your Comment on Fiat PalioTeams! Click "Follow This Topic" in the upper right of this thread if you want to receive notifications any time a pilot posts here.
Template
---------------
In-Game Name:
Are you 18+:
Previous Competitive Experience/Teams:
Any specific league/tournament:
Region:
Times Available:
Mic/VoIP access:
Willing to tag up with a unit:
Additional comments:
Edited by BanditB17, 12 April 2017 - 01:57 PM.Advantage Insurance Holdings, a leader in providing customised insurance solutions for businesses and individuals, including captive management, has opened a new life insurance company, Advantage Life Assurance II (ALAI).
Domiciled and licensed in Puerto Rico, ALAI is focused on serving non-US clients seeking efficient and secure wealth structuring solutions.
ALAI is Advantage's second life insurance subsidiary located in Puerto Rico. Advantage commenced operations in the Commonwealth in 2011 with the licensing of Advantage Life Puerto Rico AI (ALPR), which focuses on the North American market.
Walter Keenan, chief executive officer (CEO) of Advantage, said: "Puerto Rico has proven itself to be a great place to do business for our company, so it was a natural decision to locate our new, internationally focused carrier in the International Insurance Center. We have high hopes for growth in both of our Puerto Rico companies."
Angela Weyne, commissioner of insurance of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, added: "The International Insurance Center of Puerto Rico offers significant tax and regulatory benefits for global insurers. We are pleased to welcome Advantage's second company to be licensed and look forward to the success of all companies located in the Center."
ALAI is headquartered in San Juan and is led by Eric Miller. All of ALAI's policies are fully reinsured by its affiliate, Advantage Life & Annuity Company. ALAI offers a broad range of investment management and asset custody alternatives available for use within policy structures. ALAI policies may not be purchased by residents of Puerto Rico.
Advantage Insurance Holdings, Advantage Life Assurance II, Advantage Life Puerto Rico AI, Walter Keenan, Angela Weyne, Latin America, CaymanSalicyclic acid is found in 0.5% concentration in Neutrogena Body Clear Body Wash. Photo courtesy Amazon.com.
Salicyclic.
How Salicyclic Acid Works.
How Salicyclic Acid is Made
According to Wikipedia, salicyclic acid is biosynthesized from the amino acid phenylalanine. For all you super organic chemists out there, sodium salicylate is commercially prepared by treating sodium phenoxide with a high pressure of carbon dioxide at high temperature via the Kolbe-Schmitt reaction. Acidification of the product solution gives salicylic acid. According to Dr. Brannon, salicyclic acid works best in skin care in a concentration of 1% to 2% and at a pH of 3 to 4.
In what concentrations is salicyclic acid found in skin care products and medicines?
Courtesy DermNetNZ.com
What Skin Care Ingredients Should I Use in Conjunction With Salicyclic Acid?
Be sure to wear a broad-spectrum, UVA/UVB sunscreen of at least SPF 15 everyday with salicyclic acid use, as advised by to Dr. Heather Brannon, M.D. The reason is that alpha and beta hydroxy acids tend to thin the skin, making it more susceptible to sun damage. If you are using beta hydroxy acids for the anti-aging effects, you are negating your purpose in the long run if you don’t use sunscreen!
What Skin Care Ingredients Should I Not Use in Conjunction with Salicyclic Acid?
According to DermNetNZ, skin care ingredients with any of the following ingredients should not be used in conjunction with salicyclic acid, unless you are advised otherwise by your physician:
- Medicated topical agents, e.g. benzoyl peroxide (unless you are using a benzoyl peroxide spot treatment in the morning and a salicyclic acid spot treatment at night), topical retinoids (unless you are using a salicyclic acid spot treatment and using retinoids elsewhere on your face), calcipotriol
- Abrasive soaps and cleansers
- Cosmetics or soaps that dry the skin or are designed to peel/exfoliate
What is the difference between an alpha hydroxy acid and a beta hydroxy acid?
Alpha hydroxy acids include glycolic acid and lactic acid, while beta hydroxy acids include salicyclic acid. Alpha hydroxy acids are water-soluble, while beta hydroxy acids are lipid-soluble (i.e., oil-soluble). According to Dr. Brannon, this means that beta hydroxy acid is better able to penetrate into the pores, so it is better used on oily skin with blackheads and whiteheads. On the other hand, alpha hydroxy acids are better used on thickened, sun-damaged skin where breakouts are not a problem.
Is salicyclic acid for everyone?
No. Salicyclic acid should not be used by zinc-deficient individuals, due to its ototoxic effects, or by women who are pregnant or nursing, due to risk of Reye’s Syndrome. In addition, some individuals are salicylate sensitive, and should not use salicyclic acid products nor take aspirin. Check with your doctor if you experience:
- moderate or severe skin irritation (particularly if not present before use of this medicine)
- flushing
- unusually warm skin and reddening of skinBritish Business Leading New Era of Sailing Industry in China
Clipper Ventures has today announced the biggest expansion in its 23-year history, with the opening of a new Chinese-based division, to meet the country’s growing participation in sailing.
Named Clipper China, this new division aims to become the industry leader in the development of offshore sail training and sailing events across China. In addition to running its own academies Clipper China is building its own one-design keelboats and offshore racing yacht fleets. Designed by British Naval architect Tony Castro Design, the fleets will be used in the new training academies and also compete in regattas.
Announcing the news at the first China Sailing Cities Forum in Beijing, William Ward OBE, CEO and Co-Founder of Clipper Ventures, said: “Clipper Ventures is the biggest single provider of offshore sail training in the world. We have trained over 5,000 sailors to participate in the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race over the past two decades, however the potential for sailing in China means it could take us just a couple of years to train the same number here.
“Interest in sailing in China has never been higher. China has featured on the Clipper Race route for the past 14 years and we have signed two additional teams here in the past two years. Out of over 40 nationalities of crew on the Clipper Race, China is now our third highest represented.
William Ward OBE and Sir Robin Knox-Johnston, Co-Founders of the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race, at the China Sailing Cities Forum in Beijing and launch of Clipper China
William added: “The Chinese
sailing industry is evolving in an exciting way, and we look forward to working
further with the China Yachting Association (CYA), combining forces to bring
our offshore sail training expertise to this growing industry.”
Clipper China aims to open its first offshore racing academy next year and the first yachts in its one-design fleets are expected to be on the water for testing in spring 2019.
The creation of Clipper China follows the meeting earlier this year between Clipper Ventures, the GREAT Britain campaign, the CYA and the RYA, during the Clipper 2017-18 Race’s stopover in Qingdao, where all parties committed to help make China a world sailing force by strengthening the ties between China and the UK.
Clipper China was unveiled at the first China Sailing Cities Forum in Beijing
Explaining the rise in interest in sailing participation in China, Madam Zhang Xiaodong, President of the China Yachting Association, commented: “The Clipper Race is the most well-known offshore sailing brand in China with the UK respected for its long-standing sailing heritage. We are in a strong position to help attract and develop our next generation of sailors.
"Sailing has been growing at a very fast pace in recent years and the local public has participated in and supported more water sport activities than ever before. In comparison to the few regattas held a decade ago, there are now over 100 regattas across the country every year. The CYA expects to see over 400 yacht clubs with more than 150,000 sailing participants by 2021, an increase of 150 per cent on the current level.
The GREAT Britain Campaign, the UK Government’s most ambitious marketing initiative, has been a Team Partner in the Clipper Race for the past three editions, using its global platform to showcase the very best of what the UK has to offer in order to encourage the world to visit, study and do business with the UK.
Commenting on the UK’s involvement in the development of the sailing industry, Stephen Ellison, Minister - Counsellor of the British Embassy Beijing, said: “As a country with a proud sailing tradition and history, the UK is at the forefront of the sailing industry in services, manufacturing and events.
“The UK leisure marine industry, which has a turnover £3b per year and over 33,000 employees, is globally recognised and I believe there is great potential for the UK and China to work together to develop a sailing industry and to share policy and commercial expertise to take the sailing industry forward.”
The Royal Yachting Association (RYA) has also been responding to the growth of China’s sailing industry and has already been running pilot training schemes in Beijing and Shanghai, where it delivered its training syllabus in a language other than English for the first time in its 143-year history earlier this year, translating its instruction into Mandarin.
Said Richard Falk, Director of Training and Qualifications for the RYA, commenting on the announcement of Clipper China: "The exciting news of the launch of Clipper China provides a wonderful opportunity not only for the development of sailing in China but sailing in general across the global stage.
"The RYA has been working for some years now on the establishment of RYA Training in China with several partners as well as with the Chinese Yachting Association. This fantastic initiative will mean the final pieces will fall into place for the creation of an entire sailing pathway from dinghies right through to large, ocean – going yachts. We look forward to working closely with Clipper and the CYA in the years ahead to support their efforts in introducing sailing to a whole new market and to assisting them in the delivery of quality training to ensure the safety and enjoyment of all those who are attracted to the exciting sport of sailing.”That’s right! The new threads have just been stocked and are up for grabs. Head on over to the shop and pick up your favorite styles before they all disappear!
All new Hostility Mens gear has landed!
posted in: The Thread Update | 1
That’s right! The new threads have just been stocked and are up for grabs. Head on over to the shop and pick up your favorite styles before they all disappear!
One Response
Randy
Twitch, what up bro!, huge fan of urs since the glory days, I f**kin’ can honestly say your a huge role model of mine, we’re roughly the same age with the same characteristics, loyal to the soil!, I think ur clothing line is dope!!, plus your way of thinking freestyle is what you make of it, natural terrain and love challenging myself with new unfamiliar ways of making my own paths, and kickin’ it with my boys on our 450s from dawn till dusk…recently broke my back and ribs with also a collapsed lung riding in the woods full throttle into some trees, but it’s all good, I’ll bounce back, if you have any discount codes, or even some stickers to give out that would be great, I’m currently broke $$, but I’m looking for some new threads to keep it real!!, I tried buying a bunch of tees and a new lid,, so I’m trying to sell some shit so I can buy some of ur merch, im a dirt Bike kid for life, maybe you could swing a free tee or lid so i can stay fresh while i heal?! I have a ’05 crf450 currently but looking to upgrade next spring, ill definitely be scoping out your merch online, I had a cart full of stuff just to find out my card was declined, sucks, can’t work till late November, then I’ll buy all sorts of shit from hostility!!..keep it real brah!!Photographer based in Melbourne, Australia. I am currently developing a new series of abstract shapes and textures resembling anguished human faces, found within natural places such as large rocks, bodies of water, and cloudscapes. I am also hoping to publish my first photobook of a recent 2-year trip to Eastern Canada.Identify your audience
Before you even start typing take a moment to think about who will be reading your article. Are you writing for a children’s, or adult’s magazine? Are they industry professionals, or complete beginners in their field? The way in which your article is written is dictated by these answers, so consider it carefully.
If you’re writing for beginners then you’ll need to cover the basics and guide them through the process step-by-step, with screenshots where applicable.
Professionals or more advanced users should already understand the fundamentals, so you can skip them or cover them briefly if it’s relevant. Just remember not to patronise your readers.
The audience will also dictate the length of your writing – children have a much shorter attention span! Regardless of who you’re writing for though, remember to be concise. Don’t bulk out an article for the sake of making it longer. A short, concise article will be more popular than a long-winded one. Also remember your sentence length. Several sentences which have the same number of words can make a piece extremely difficult to read.
Existing magazines are one of your greatest assets when determining your writing style and article length. Go out there and read some.
“No matter how busy you may think you are, you must find time for reading, or surrender yourself to self-chosen ignorance.” Confucius
Choose a topic, but make it unique!
Nobody wants to see 10 articles, by 10 different authors, in 10 different magazines, all covering the same subject in exactly the same way. Find a new topic to make yours unique! If you simply can’t think of something new, approach the topic in a way which makes it new – go into more detail about a particular aspect of it, or show a different way of achieving the same result. Whatever you do, cover it in a way which will aid people’s understanding, rather than just regurgitating the same information.
Research if you need to
Possibly the biggest crime you can commit when writing for a magazine is arrogance. Don’t assume you know everything. The last thing you want to do is claim something and then have your readers refute it. It’s better to double check now. Not all articles will require it, but for some you may wish to cite your sources – especially if you’re making a particularly outrageous claim. If you can back it up with reputable sources, it’ll carry more weight.
“Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought.” Albert Szent-Györgyi
Conducting an interview
Preparation is key when performing an interview, even if it’s online. Make a list of your questions and keep them open-ended (no “yes” or “no” questions). If you find that your interviewee is being short with their answers tease more information out of them will follow up questions. These impromptu questions don’t need to be written into your final magazine article, but you can use the new information to lengthen their answers.
There are many techniques to record your interviewee’s responses, but even if you’re using a Dictaphone always take notes as well. Technology can fail, or it might not pick up their voice very well, so it’s always best to have a backup.
Once you’ve collated the interview, read it. Don’t be afraid to reword their answers or your questions slightly to help the article flow better (and surely it goes without saying to correct grammar and spelling errors). Just ensure you’re not changing their opinion on anything.
Check it!
Even if you’re submitting it somewhere that has a proof-reader, check your work yourself. The less work the editor has to do the more credible you’ll be as an article writer. Depending on the voice of the magazine, you may need to take out any abbreviations or symbols (& to “and”), so it’s paramount that you make these changes before submitting.
3 Comments
I think this is among the most vital information for me.
The web site style is great, the articles are really nice : D.
This is a topic that’s close to my heart… Many thanks!
Where are your contact details though?
Hi Candice! You can find a contact form on my About page:India's POSH Act — A Snapshot
The Act propelled India to a select league of nations1 that has outlawed workplace sexual harassment through national legislation. The Act, along with the Rules2 (collectively, the POSH Law), aims to foster a safe and secure environment for women by preventing, prohibiting, and redressing instances of sexual harassment at workplaces in India.
Genesis of the POSH LawWomen in India are recognized and granted protection under the Constitution of India. The preamble to the Constitution, inter alia, guarantees social, economic, and political justice, equality of status, opportunity, and the dignity of the individual.
Notwithstanding these avenues of protection, for a long time working Indian women did not practically receive the protections granted under the Constitution and national or state legislations. It was obvious that women needed specific rules to enforce their rights. The Supreme Court of India, in Vishaka v. State of Rajasthan,3 observed that equality in employment cannot be achieved if women are subjected to gender specific violence at the workplace, such as sexual harassment. The Vishaka ruling is easily among the landmark judgments that changed India. Indian legal luminary Zia Mody says: “Judicial activism reached its pinnacle in Vishakha v. State of Rajasthan.”4
[Related: Sexual Harassment Law in India: Redefining Workplace Dynamics]
While delivering the judgment, the apex court went on to issue guidelines for employers that would ensure equal working conditions for women, including protection from workplace sexual harassment. Prior to the Vishaka judgment, a woman aggrieved by any act of sexual assault or harassment had to approach law enforcement authorities under the Indian Penal Code (specifically Sections 354 and 509). The guidelines laid down by the apex court, known as the Vishaka Guidelines (the Guidelines), were the culmination of a long fight for justice by a gang rape victim. Bhanwari Devi, a social worker for the Women Development Programme in the Indian state of Rajasthan, was brutally raped in 1992 when she opposed a child marriage in her village. Feudal patriarchs who took exception to her crusader efforts allegedly committed the rape. The rape and the victim’s subsequent futile quest for justice garnered widespread attention and represented a watershed moment for women’s rights in India.
Bhanwari’s cause was taken up by Vishaka, a women’s welfare group that led public interest litigation, ultimately resulting in the Guidelines. The Guidelines put the onus of ensuring a safe workplace environment squarely on the employer and laid down, for the first time, a mechanism for employers to address complaints relating to sexual harassment, including the constitution of a committee to evaluate such complaints. The Guidelines were accorded legal status by the apex court until a definitive law would be enacted by the legislature.
. The apex court went on to describe sexual harassment as a form of sex discrimination that affects the employment of women employees and unreasonably interferes with their work performance, ultimately creating an intimidating workplace environment.5 Upset with the tardy enforcement of the Guidelines, the apex court directed the Indian states to implement sufficient mechanisms to ensure effective implementation of the Guidelines. The apex court observed that .”6
The above judicial activism notwithstanding, it took a decade after Vishaka for the legislature to initiate the crafting of a definitive law on workplace sexual harassment. The initial draft, first introduced in 2007, had to wait another six years to receive the assent of the legislature. The Guidelines were superseded by the POSH Law in December 2013.
ApplicabilityThe. A man who is a victim of sexual harassment at the workplace is not entitled to invoke POSH Law, rather he must rely on company policies that prohibit harassment of any nature. However, many organizations have opted to make their POSH policy gender neutral in order to ensure an equal representation of the workforce. POSH Law applies to both organized and unorganized sectors.
This article has primarily focused on the Internal Committee (IC); however, there is also a provision in the POSH Law for the constitution and empowerment of the Local Committee (LC). The LC is only invoked when a workplace has fewer than 10 personnel and a complaint needs adjudication or the complaint is against the employer itself. Given most organizations have 10 or more personnel and the complaints are often between employees themselves, the IC and its role and function is the focus of this article.
Sexual harassmentThe Act defines “sexual harassment” expansively and includes the ensuing unwelcome acts:
- Physical contact and advances;
- A demand or request for sexual favors;
- Making sexually colored remarks;
- Showing pornography; or,
- Any other unwelcome physical, verbal, or non-verbal conduct of sexual nature.
- Promise of preferential treatment in employment;
- Threat of detrimental treatment in employment;
- Threat about present or future employment;
- Creating an intimidating or offensive or hostile work environment; and,
- Humiliating treatment potentially endangering health or safety.
From the definition, it is evident that what constitutes sexual harassment could be very subjective under POSH Law. This belies the general notion that some physical contact or at least some words, spoken or written, are a prerequisite to any conduct or behavior being characterized as sexual harassment. The judiciary has acknowledged the subjective nature of sexual harassment and stated:“A complete understanding of the complainant’s view requires... an analysis of the different perspectives of men and women. Conduct that many men consider unobjectionable may offend many women... Men tend to view some forms of sexual harassment as ‘harmless social interactions to which only overly-sensitive women would object’. Men, who are rarely victims of sexual assault, may view sexual conduct in a vacuum without a full appreciation of the social setting or the underlying threat of violence that a woman may perceive.”7
While certain forms of sexual harassment are easily distinguishable for their sheer egregiousness, such as sexual assault, other forms may tread a thin line. Whether a particular behavior amounts to sexual harassment depends on the context in which such behavior takes place.
“In-house legal departments can be instrumental in assisting the IC members with interpreting the Act and the Rules judiciously, while ensuring the IC is not impeded in its investigation of the claim.
WorkplaceInterestingly, the Act introduces the concept of an “extended workplace.” In addition to the office of the employer or employee, any place visited by the employee arising out of or during the course of employment, including transportation provided by the employer for the purpose of commuting to and from the place of employment, will also constitute a workplace. The most commonly seen situations of an extended workplace are those scenarios where an official event is taking place in a social setting, but endorsed or financed by the employer, in which case, such events will also be deemed a workplace under POSH Law.
Aggrieved womanThe Act defines an “aggrieved woman” as a woman of any age, whether employed or not, who has been subjected to sexual harassment. Given that the definition does not necessitate the woman to be an employee, even a customer or a visitor who feels sexually harassed at any workplace can claim protection under POSH Law. To ensure the above definition applies without restriction at the workplace, the definition of an “employee” under the Act is fairly wide to cover regular, temporary, ad hoc employees, individuals engaged on a daily wage basis, either directly or through an agent, contract workers, coworkers, probationers, trainees, and apprentices, with or without the knowledge of the principal employer, whether for remuneration or not, working on a voluntary basis or otherwise, whether the terms of employment are express or implied.
Duties of employersPOSH Law mandates every employer to:
- Provide a safe working environment, which shall include safety from persons coming to the workplace;
- Display the penal consequences of workplace sexual harassment, and the order constituting the IC, at any conspicuous place at the workplace;
- Conduct training programs to create awareness and sensitization among employees at all levels (i.e., managers and non-managers). Given that the spirit of the above provision in awareness, a practical reading of the POSH Law would require that attendance be made mandatory, and human resources (HR) teams should see to it that any unjustifiable absence is rectified and the absentee employee is made to attend such awareness programs immediately. The preferred mode of training is through online webinars, at least once a quarter, though it is recommended that employers, wherever feasible, conduct at east one workshop in person in a calendar year, over and above the quarterly webinar, in order to demonstrate the practical aspects of POSH Law at the workplace;
- Conduct orientation programs for the members of the IC;
- Provide necessary facilities for the members of the IC and assist in any manner required to enable the aggrieved woman to secure justice under the IPC; and,
- Monitor the timely submission of the reports by the IC and assist in any manner required to enable the aggrieved woman to secure justice under the IPC.
- Publish the POSH Law related policies over the company intranet and/or services rules, which shall include the contact details and names of the IC members;
- Carry out capacity building and skills development programs for IC members; and,
- Use modules published by the state governments to generate awareness amongst employees and may involve collaborations with urban local bodies to promote dialogue on sexual harassment, including its prevention, prohibition, and redressal.
Redressal of complaints: ICEvery workplace that has a minimum of 10 employees shall mandatorily set up an IC with women constituting at least half of the IC’s members. The IC’s key mandate is to oversee the implementation of the organization’s POSH Law policy by ensuring a work environment free of sexual harassment and providing an effective redressal mechanism for any complaints of sexual harassment against women. The IC shall comprise a senior level woman employee as the chairperson or presiding officer, a minimum of two employees committed to uphold women’s rights, and another member from a NGO or an association dedicated to women’s welfare or conversant with issues of sexual harassment. It is pertinent to note that where an employer or organization has multiple locations, with each location having 10 or more personnel, it is mandatory to set up an IC in each such location. The term of IC members shall not exceed three years and a minimum of three members, including the chairperson, are required to conduct an investigation into any complaint.
The Act has afforded the IC the status of a Civil Court and is empowered to summon or enforce the attendance of any person, order the production of documents, and perform any other matter(s) as may be prescribed.
“Given the need to interpret complex laws and rules, it is reasonably common to have in-house counsel on the IC.
Given the subjective nature of sexual harassment, it is critical to get the composition of the IC right. Organizations need to ensure that the IC members are selected, to the extent practically possible, on their commitment to the cause of women. While the Act itself is silent on what constitutes “commitment to the cause of women,” it’s generally understood that the phrase is equated with, inter alia, upholding or championing women’s rights, including their right to a work environment without threats or intimidation of a sexual nature. Since the IC o en has to deliberate on employment matters, it would do well to select members who have sound understanding of HR a airs and the overall business context as well. It is fairly common to find experienced HR/senior business/ functional leaders heading ICs of several organizations. This is logical considering that the IC has to balance the legitimate interests of the woman employee, communicate the overall message to the workforce, and, at the same time, provide recommendations or sanctions with the overall goal of complying with the POSH Law. The IC must treat sexual harassment as misconduct under the applicable services rules and initiate action for such misconduct, which could range from written warnings to terminating the accused, who is found guilty. While there is no “one size fits all” approach, it would be prudent for the IC to view things as holistically as possible and adopt an approach that is sufficiently balanced and fair to both the accuser and the accused.
While constituting an IC is one thing, ensuring that the IC does its job impartially and to the best of its abilities can be an entirely different aspect. is is precisely where the training of IC members assumes great significance. Employers have to take great care to tailor the training programs specifically for the IC whose acquaintance with the nuances of the POSH Law is critical for its seamless functioning. Sensitization and orientation workshops for the IC would go a long way in this regard. Employers may consider inviting legal professionals, who have managed women’s rights issues, or representatives of organizations espousing women’s rights for such sensitization and orientation programs.
In-house legal departments can be instrumental in assisting the IC members with interpreting the Act and the Rules judiciously, while ensuring the IC is not impeded in its investigation of the claim. Given the need to interpret complex laws and rules, it is reasonably common to have in-house counsel on the IC. Aside from providing expert legal advice, the in-house counsel should endeavor to familiarize the IC with the rules of evidence specifically on what does or does not constitute indisputable evidence. The evidence to be collected varies from case to case. Typically, it involves emails, SMSs, WhatsApp, and other social media messages or images, witness statements, etc. In the absence of any documentary evidence or witness statements, IC should be encouraged to probe whether adequate circumstantial evidence subsist to support the claim. Wherever necessary, IC should not hesitate to seek outside support, including forensic help.
“The POSH Law does not specifically mandate the manner in which the IC should meet, therefore the POSH Law affords the IC sufficient flexibility to meet at their convenience, including virtually, to deliberate on any aspect of the organization related to the area of sexual harassment, including complaint(s).
How often should the IC meet?As per the POSH Law, the mandate is to meet whenever a complaint is lodged with the IC and follow the timelines stated in the section below. However, it is pertinent to note that when the IC was originally brought into force by the Act, it was seen by employers as a mechanism to meet only when complaints are registered. However, the lawmakers quickly realized that the IC, and more importantly the Act, was not only for the redressal of sexual harassment complaints, but also for the prevention or prohibition of sexual harassment. Therefore, keeping this legislative intent in mind, even if there are no complaints, it is a good practice for the IC to meet at reasonable intervals. The POSH Law does not specifically mandate the manner in which the IC should meet, therefore the POSH Law affords the IC with sufficient flexibility to meet at their convenience, including virtually, to deliberate on any aspect of the organization related to the area of sexual harassment, including complaint(s). For example, IC members who are on official travel may log in (via audio or video) from around the globe and partake in the deliberations. Additionally, it’s not mandatory that every IC member be present whenever the IC meets to address a compliant. The requirement is to have a minimum quorum to conduct the meeting. For example, IC members do not need to be physically present to take in the deliberations and the full committee does not need to be present to address a complaint. A minimum quorum is sufficient to conduct the meeting.
Procedure for resolving claims in a timely manner
The Act has laid down specific timelines for all claims arising under the POSH Law, ranging from the receipt of the claim, due inquiry, testimony and evidence collection, the adjudication of the claim and its final resolution and implementation, and the possibility of appeals on specific issues. The IC has also been empowered to refer claims to the local police authorities should a claim attract the provisions of the IPC.Specifically, on the timelines, the below procedure is outlined under the POSH Law:
- Filing of the complaint — the aggrieved woman is required to file the complaint with the IC, in writing, within three months from the date of the alleged incident of sexual harassment, or three months from the date of the last alleged incident of sexual harassment, if there’s a series of incidents. The IC, at its sole discretion, is empowered to grant extensions up to three additional months if the circumstances are deemed justified. Further, should the aggrieved woman have any physical or mental incapacity, including death, owing to which she is unable to file the complaint, her legal heir, coworker, relative, friend, or a person with knowledge of the incident or such other person prescribed by the Rules is permitted to make the complaint on behalf of the aggrieved woman. While anonymous complaints are not given recognition under POSH law, many organizations allow filing of anonymous complaints, thereby acknowledging that it could be embarrassing for an aggrieved woman to disclose her identity while lodging the complaint. However, at all times, the IC must ensure that any claim is adjudicated in accordance with the principles of natural justice.
- Completion of the inquiry — All complaints submitted to the IC must be adjudicated and the recommendations finalized by the IC within 90 days of the receipt of the complaint.
- Submission of report — The IC must submit the report within 10 days of completion of the inquiry to the employer. Further, if the parties to the incident so desire, the report can be made available to such parties.
- Implementation of recommendations — The employer must implement the recommendations shared as part of the report prepared by the IC within 60 days of receipt of such recommendations by the employer.
- Appeals — All appeals under the Act must take place within 90 days of the recommendations being formulated on specific issues only, such as (a) no sanctions/sanctions of misconduct or deductions of wages; (b) false/malicious complaints or false witnesses or forged documents; (c) penalty for contravening the non-disclosure guidelines of the Act; or (d) non-implementation of recommendations.
False or malicious complaintsDuring the inquiry process laid out above, should the IC conclude that (1) the allegation against the respondent is malicious; (2) the aggrieved woman or any other person making the complaint has made the complaint knowing it to be false; or (3) the aggrieved woman or any other person making the complaint has produced any forged or misleading document, then the IC may recommend to the employer to take action against the woman or the person who has made the complaint. However, a mere in- ability to substantiate a complaint or provide adequate proof need not attract action against the complainant as being malicious or false.
Further, should the IC conclude that any witness has given false evidence or produced any forged or misleading document, it may recommend to the employer of the witness to take action against the witness.
Conciliation processThe POSH Law also provides for conciliation between the interested parties in its provisions. This option is commonly seen as an attempt by the legislature to ensure the aggrieved woman and the respondent are able to settle the incident(s) of alleged sexual harassment in an amicable manner. On a practical level, such conciliatory efforts are ordinarily adopted when the complaint of sexual harassment is centered around a misunderstanding, rather than an egregiousness error of the respondent.
On the conciliation process itself, the IC, may, before initiating an inquiry and at the request of the aggrieved woman, take steps to settle the matter between her and the respondent through conciliation. However, no monetary settlement shall be made as a basis of the conciliation.
Interim reliefThe POSH Law has also delved into empowering the IC to grant interim reliefs during the pendency of an inquiry. The purpose behind this approach, and if one were to carefully see the timelines for an inquiry mentioned above, it usually takes between three to six months for the entire matter to resolve itself. However, the aggrieved woman may have to be in contact or work with the respondent during this time and this can be very disturbing for the aggrieved woman. To prevent a hostile work environment, the IC is empowered, at the written request of the complainant, to recommend any of the following interim reliefs during the inquiry: (1) transfer the complainant or respondent to any other workplace; (2) grant leave to the aggrieved woman for up to three months in addition to her entitled leave; (3) restrain the respondent from reporting on the work performance or writing any confidential report in relation to the aggrieved woman; or (4) restrain the respondent from supervising academic activities of the aggrieved woman, should the aggrieved woman be a part of an educational institution.
Sanctions under POSH LawContravention of the provisions of the POSH Law, including failure to constitute the IC, will expose the employer to a fine that may extend to INR 50,000 (approx. US$750). For subsequent offenses, there are higher fines and sanctions. However, what is pertinent to note under the POSH Law is that any offense committed thereunder shall be non-cognizable.
Though the penalty per se may appear trivial, organizations run the risk of having their business licenses and registrations cancelled for continuing non-compliance. Additionally, if a court takes cognizance of an offense under the POSH Law, and there is a higher punishment under another legislation (in force at the time) for such offense, the court can take due cognizance of such higher punishment while awarding the punishment.
Reporting requirements under POSH LawIt’s mandatory for the IC to prepare, in each calendar year, an annual report and submit it to the employer. The report should incorporate the following:
■ Number of complaints of sexual harassment received in the year;
■ Number of complaints disposed of during the year;
■ Number of cases pending for more than 90 days;
■ Nature of action(s) taken by the employer; and,
■ Number of workshops or awareness programs conducted against sexual harassment.
The annual report should be pre- pared by the IC who shall forward it to the employer and the local labor district officer. There is also an obligation under the Act for the employer to include the above POSH Law related annual report as part of its overall annual company report. Where such overall annual company report is not required, the employer will notify the number of cases to the local labor district officer. Failure to submit the annual report will invite the same penalties as the failure to constitute the IC does.
ConclusionIndia’s growth, and its increased efforts to honor the tenets of its Constitution, show its commitment to its citizens’ fundamental rights. The POSH Law is one such example, especially given the genesis of this legislation from the early 1990s. As India progresses as a nation, including in its economic policies, it is natural for organizations and work- places to stay abreast with the tide of modern development and encourage work environments driven solely by merit and rid all forms of discrimination. The POSH Law is one such step to such meritocracy and in time shall yield its benefits for all women who are part of the workforce.
NOTES
1 Currently, there are just over 50 nations that have prohibited workplace sexual harassment through national laws.
2 Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Rules, 2013 (the Rules).
3 AIR 1997 SC 3011.
4 Ten Judgments that Changed India.
5 Apparel Export Promotion Council v. A.K Chopra (1999) 1 SCC 759.
6 Medha Kotwal Lele v. Union of India (2013) 1 SCC 297.
7 Dr. Punita K. Sodhi v. Union of India & Ors. W.P. (C) 367/2009 & CMS 828, 11426.Description
Instruction:
Follow by 700 DFC’s design, the 500 500’s 3D performance and speed.
Two part detachable main blade grips for ease of maintenance and assembly.
New style linkage rod design, complete assembly increases linkage rod rigidity, allowing the pitch slider (follower) to be omitted, resulting in a head assembly that is much simplified and rigid..
The damper rubbers are manufactured utilizing POM material, sleek surface, with superior anti-wear characteristic.
Suitable for T-REX 500 flybarless system.
500DFC Main Rotor Head Assembly x 1
500 Feathering Shaft Sleeve x 1
500DFC Damper rubber x 2 (POM Φ6xΦ11x4mm)
M2.5 Set screw x 1
Socket collar screw(M2.5x19mm) x 2
Socket collar screw(M2.5x16mm) x 1
500DFC Main Blade Grip Arm x 2
500DFC Main rotor grip arm integrated control link x 2
500DFC Main rotor grip linkage bearing sleeve x 2
682ZZ Bearing(Φ2.5xΦ6x2.6mm) x 4
500DFC Linkage rod A(M2.5x12mm) x 2
600PRO Elevator ball link x 2
500DFC Main Shaft x 1
Socket collar screw(M3x6mm) x 4
250 Feathering shaft washer x 2Phoenix Software Ltd
Office 365 Exchange Advanced Threat Protection
Protect your email in real time against unknown and sophisticated attacks, through automatic analysis and detonation of suspicious content and unsafe URL links, when included in emails. Gain insights in to who is being targeted and the category of attacks, including blocked message investigations and URL trace capabilities.
Features
- Zero-day threat protection.
- Malicious links protection.
- Unsafe attachments protection.
- Unknown malware signature protection.
- Attack category reporting.
- Message trace reporting.
- Track malicious link clicks.
- Link scanning.
- Real-time behavioural malware analysis.
Benefits
- Improve email malware protection
- Protect your environment when users click malicious links
- Increase protection from zero-day attacks
- Protect against unsafe attachment
- Examine safety of URL links in real time
- Inform users of blocked links.
- Report on who is being targeted and attack categories
£1.09 per user per month
- Education pricing available
- Free trial available
Service documents
Framework
G-Cloud 10
Service ID
447358797364756
Phoenix Software Ltd
Jonny Scott
01904 562200255 members
You need to be a member of Ashtar Command - Spiritual Community Network to add comments!
Join Ashtar Command - Spiritual Community Network
View All Comments (12 comments)
You need to be a member of Ashtar Command - Spiritual Community Network to add comments!
Join Ashtar Command - Spiritual Community Network
thank you for the friend add
Thank you for the friend request :) Love&Light<3
Thanks for your freindship love and light & Blessings mm the changes are coming on earth right now do you feel them.
Tracy S
View All CommentsMy Story
My philosophy
9 years of experience working with the human body has taught me the strength and adaptability that it contains. Each and every person holds within them the ability to heal, grow, let go, and change at any moment. Tension and pain of the past can be released with the guidance of an experienced massage therapist, but the client and their body are the ones who allow it to happen. My job is to help you and your body realize that it is within your ability to relax, to find comfort, to strengthen yourself. We therapists are often told that we have magic hands, but the true magic comes from the client and we are there to help focus that inner magic.
To best serve my clients and help them reach their health and wellness goals, I have trained in a number of modalities with a wealth of practitioners. My personal massage style is one of adaptability and intuition; I base each session on what the client wants and what their body needs, varying depth and modalities for the best possible outcome. I want my clients leaving my treatment room feeling stronger, refreshed, and relaxed. I have specialized training in Swedish, Deep Tissue, Thai Yoga, Sports, and Manual Ligament Therapy, as well as an interest in constantly expanding my modality pool to become an authority in the massage industry.
My Dream
Over my 9 years of experience as a massage therapist, I have worked with practitioners from all backgrounds, with different strengths, philosophies, and challenges. In that time, I have noted that the strongest communities are those that are interdependent and cooperative. am currently building relationships with various dedicated fitness professionals in the area with a plan to grow into a multi-faceted wellness group that focuses on providing support through massage, exercise, and nutrition, potentially even focused stress reduction. This business with be hyperlocal and deeply rooted within the community, as well as flexible to accommodate any and all clients seeking to improve their health and wellbeing.
I hope to include as many of you in this journey as possible <3
My Life
I am the mother to two wonderful, chaotic, crazy loveable boys, Jayden (5) and Lucas (2). They keep my husband and I on our toes constantly and are smarter than should be reasonably allowed (we don't stand a chance...send help). We also adopted our lovey little furbabies, Lily and Ginny and spend much of our time exploring and adventuring with all of our little ones. My husband, Charles, is a stay at home dad who provides much of the support I desperately need to keep focused and on track. Without his love and support, I would not be half the person that I am.
Our life and family is constant mess and chaos, and we love every moment of it.JAMGray (2), ravlibrary (2), TheGrove (2), soaringblueheron (1), theodarling (1), puck_huxley (1), coltonium (1), linda.a. (1), MarianneAudio (1), housatoniclib (1), AlchemicalToil (1), LolaWalser (1), alo1224 (1), KnowledgeService (1) — more
buffygurl (1), puck_huxley (1), coltonium (1), alo1224 (1), MarianneAudio (1), linda.a. (1), theodarling (1), AlchemicalToil (1), ravlibrary (2)
Members: None
Become a LibraryThing Author.
John Launer is currently considered a "single author." If one or more works are by a distinct, homonymous authors, go ahead and split the author.
John Launer is composed of 1 name.i noticed today that when i went to type and address in the bar in camino it doesn't remember any i've been to and it turns out my history has been cleared, i didn't do it, and i'm the only one that uses it is there a way to get back the history to find out what was worthy of being cleared?“If you’re paying good money for wine, you should be able to taste the grapes,” said The Firm Chairman Rich Frank, explaining his decision to serve his 2003 Napa Valley Chardonnay at room temperature. “The worse the grapes, the colder the wine.”
Of course, no one was paying for the wine this evening. Frank took over the cozy BevHills Rat Pack joint La Dolce Vita for a private dinner to introduce his new Frank Family Vineyards releases to a select group of industry friends. The Frank family turned out in full force, including Rich’s wife Connie, son Darryl (the co-head of Dreamworks TV) and son Paul (head of The Firm TV). La Dolce Vita owners Al Uzielli and Dave Simmer co-hosted the event.
The vino-loving crowd dined on linguini alle scampi, veal cannelloni, New York steak and chocolate tartuffo. They got a sneak taste of Frank’s debut pinot noir, a 2004 reserve, which won’t be released until next spring. Frank also treated the crowd to a rare taste of his port. Only 50 cases were made, and, according to winemaker Todd Graff, “You can’t get it.” But Frank admitted, “I snuck five bottles out of the house.”
Also among the tasters were president of 20th Century Fox Gary Newman and his attorney wife, Jeanne Newman, who recently purchased their own Santa Ynez vineyard, Jorree Hill; Comedy Central and Spike TV president Doug Herzog; Paramount TV distribution president Joel Berman; UTA agent Brett Hansen; and USA Network VP Libby Hansen. FORD EXPEDITION 4DR
Actual ratings will vary with options, driving conditions, habits and vehicle condition.
Apply for an Auto Loan!
Ask About This Vehicle!
Payment Calculator
MPG Calculator
Send Page to Friend
Interest Calculator
History Report
These EL Expeditions are the Suburban of the Ford world. This is an Eddie Bauer and is pretty well equipped. We just spent over $1700 Doing Maintenance plus we put new tires on it. This one is very clean and has the right color combination so it won't last long. We have several large 4x4 588 times since October 12th, 2018
Dunn Deal Auto Sales | Guaranteed Credit Approval has been visited 4,006,067 total times.Wine Enthusiast Ratings 2018 - it's a triple!
We have been awarded 92 points for our Pinot Noir 2016, 90 Points for our Gruener Veltliner Kirchberg, 2016 and Best Buy for our Pannonica Rose 2017 by Wine Enthusiast Magazine, one of the largest wine magazines in the US.
We attach the eloquent tasting notes for you to use and don't forget the shelf talkers are all down loadable from here.
Hoepler Pinot Noir 2016 - 92 points:
A lovely touch of wet earth joins softly floral notes on the nose. The palate has a soft texture, somewhere between silk and velvet, with lovely tart cherry fruit, both red, and black. This is a lovely, elegant and resonant proposition with a beautifully fresh finish.’
Höpler’s Grüner Veltliner Kirchberg 2016- 90 points:
‘Juicy yellow-pear notes dominate the nose. The light dry palate has lemon freshness and the merest touch of sage’.
Pannonica Rose 2017 – Best Buy
‘This very pale rosé has an inviting nose of fresh lemon and ripe strawberries. The citrus-dominated palate is exquisitely fresh, light and dry. This is a pleasant summer breeze of a wine providing excellent refreshment’.
Our alpacas know the words… But they’d rather HMMM
Living close to Nashville, TN, you just can’t help but get caught up in the music. And there’s real “country music” at Hickory Bluff Farms with our colorful band of huacaya alpacas in all 16 colors humming and dancing about.
Check out the picture albums below to see our loving alpacas in the heart of Tennessee doing what they do best…acting like alpacas. You’ll find our pricing very competitive whether you’re looking for a startup herd or adding some new bloodlines to your existing alpaca family.
We have eight distinct bloodlines available to offer you a wide selection of unrelated alpacas. Our breeding selection is based on superior conformation and fleece qualities, as well as for disposition. Our alpacas have given us several generations of award winning alpacas and fleeces, but the best outcome has been the superior reproductive and nurturing abilities passed on to the crias.
Meeting our alpacas in person is the best, so we’d love to have you come for a visit. Hickory Bluff Farms is a working family farm, so please call before you come to arrange for an appointment. Call us at 615-444-4765 or email hickorybluffalpacas@comcast.netThree young Eglinton Primary School pupils lent a hand, this week, as scores of Christmas presents donated by members of Faughanvale Parish were handed over to Foyle Women’s Aid.
The gifts were gathered over the last few weeks and stored beneath the 16-foot Christmas tree which has been erected in St Canice’s Church for the festive season.
The formal hand-over was overseen by the Rector, Rev Canon Paul Hoey, and Ernest Moore (People’s Glebe Warden).
Canon Hoey said: "I'm very touched - but not surprised - by the generosity shown by our parishioners. This community benefitted from the generosity of others after the flood sixteen months ago, and it's right that we now remember others in their time of need.
"We appreciate the help that Foyle Women's Aid provides for the victims of domestic violence in the North West. The organisation does tremendous work all year round, but we're aware that Christmas can bring particular pressures to bear on the charity and bring great distress to many homes. We pray that God will show his mercy to those who suffer the consequences of domestic violence and, in the meantime, hope that our gifts will offer some small comfort to children who are affected."
The gifts from St Canice's Church were received on behalf of Foyle Women’s Aid by John O’Hagan and Ivan Barber from Teamlink. They thanked the parishioners for their generosity and said it was a sad fact that every single present would be needed this Christmas.The First Person Museum is built upon the premise that everyone has a story to share and the objects we care about can become gateways for sharing some of our stories. In order to reach as wide of a group of storytellers as possible, First Person Arts has partnered with some amazing community organizations for StoryCircles. These are basically show and tells, where you can bring the stories and objects (if you still have them or they are easily transportable) that matter to you and share that story. Each one is facilitated by Dianna Marder of the Philadelphia Inquirer and either Katonya Mosley or Angel Hogan. Art Sanctuary and The Best Day of My Life (So Far) have already hosted StoryCircles but we have a bunch more coming up:
Saturday, July 24 hosted by the Norris Square Neighborhood Project
Tuesday, July 27 hosted by the Village of Arts and Humanities
Saturday, July 31 hosted by Ayuda Community Center
Wednesday, August 4 hosted by First Person Arts RSVP here.
Thrusday, August 5 hosted by the Coffee Cup
Wednesday, August 11 hosted by the Art Sanctuary
And there will be one more, date TBD, hosted by Philadelphia Young Playwrights.
All events are FREE.
If you’re interested in getting involved in any of these StoryCircles, write me with your questions or RSVP to the StoryCircle on August 4th.Smith Urges New Owner To Invest
As Walter Smith steps down as the teams manager he's calling on new owner Craig Whyte to make sure he puts money into the club.
This season Smith led Rangers to a third successive SPL title, a 5-1 win at Kilmarnock yesterday seeing his side beat Celtic to the trophy by a point.
And Smith then instructed Whyte to entrust new boss Ally McCoist with funds to strengthen the squad.
Smith said: "Unless there is a significant investment then the team will stagnate. They just can't continue to do what they have been doing at the present moment.
That is regardless of if I was the manager or anybody. Next season will be a problem.
Hopefully, that will be looked at by the owners. But I don't think the new owner would have bought the club unless they were happy to put money into the team.
The team needs a boost. He would be blind if he didn't realise that."
Smith has been operating with a smaller squad and tighter budget than during his first spell as boss at Ibrox, during Rangers' run of nine straight SPL titles.
However, last summer he spent £4million on Croatian striker Nikica Jelavic - a player who missed much of the season through injury but has provided a ``different dimension''.
Smith added: "I don't think Jelavic will leave this summer.."The night before our official open and we’ve got our very first visitor! Jesse, was passing through on his way to compete in the Hell or High Water, kayak race in Petawawa Ontario and decided to pop a tent and recharge at Lazy Rock along the way. Super excited to have our very first of many happy campers – Thanks for stopping by Jesse, good luck on your race and hope to see you back soon!
Lazy Rock’s First Official Guest!
How to be a Better Retail Salesperson this Holiday SeasonReading time: 5 minutes
Written by Rebecca Richard
Think about the last interaction you had with a customer at your store.
How did that go?
Did the customer make a purchase, walk out of your store empty-handed or complain to your store manager that you were “utterly inefficient”?
A lot can go wrong during the holiday shopping season for retail sales associates. This season, holiday spending is projected to rise by 4.5% beyond the $11.7 billion in 2017 (Source: Alabama Retail), with nearly 70% of shoppers planning to shop at retail stores (Source: RetailMeNot). That’s a lot of customers to deal with and a lot of effort to keep them happy. Retail salespeople play an important role in increasing sales by providing positive experiences.
But let’s face it: retail salespeople work in a face-to-face environment. This means facing a day full of unforeseen circumstances and a store full of diverse customers. Although an exciting job to have, dealing with different characters on a daily basis is not easy.
Moreover, as a retail salesperson, you’re left with no choice but to be prepared to meet the demands of your job and be accommodative of your shopper’s in-store behavior. It’s time to put your festive face on and make a sale.
How do you do this?
Start by understanding the type of customer you’re dealing with, and learn how to either make that sale or walk away from it. To help you out, we’ve put together a list of the four most common types of customers seen at retail stores, and how best to handle each.
1. The angry shopper
Angry customers are a nightmare. Although this is the most wonderful time of the year, as a retail salesperson you’ll still encounter some irate shoppers. Some customers may walk in angry, but truth be told, others could be influenced after walking into your store. How so? Pushy salespeople, loud music, messy fitting rooms, and long lines, to name a few.
If you work as a retail salesperson this season, make the British slogan “Keep Calm and Carry On” your mantra for the next few months. Whatever the reason for shoppers to be angry, patience will take you a long way and help avoid mishaps on your job.
Be observant. You can spot an angry customer from a mile away. Their body language is one of the first warning signs and then comes their tone of voice. It’s even advisable to approach the customer proactively before things spiral out of control and cause other shoppers in your store to get uncomfortable.
Unlike dealing with an angry customer over the phone, where expressions of annoyance are dealt by rolling your eyes at the salesperson next to you, handling the situation in a store full of customers is altogether different. Remain calm and hear them out. Then, empathize with them. Customers want to be heard and understood. Apologize and offer them a solution. This gives you a chance to turn an unhappy customer’s day around and make that sale happen after all.
2. The happy shopper
Oh, the merry ones! Happy, cheerful customers brighten up your day, don’t they? Although some of us get stressed about shopping during the holidays, there are those who are determined to spread the holiday cheer. They are the ones who’ll make your retail sales life easier this season.
You know what they say about happy customers? They return. Your challenge with this group is—you have to keep them happy, whether they purchase or not. The cost of happy customers turning unhappy comes with its adverse effects on your business. Delivering an excellent in-store customer experience lies with you.
Make conversations and build rapport with happy customers. They could be visiting your store for the first time, so tell them about your products and services. Give them attention and be kind. Delighted customers provide opportunities for upselling and cross-selling. So, go the extra mile.
3. The window shopper
You’re going to have plenty of this kind walk into your store this season. If you have retail experience, you’re already aware of the potential to turn window shoppers into customers. People who look eventually do buy. People walking across the street, mall goers, tourists, young adults, and the other indecisive shoppers are looking to buy, just not yet.
If they walk into your store, there was obviously something that attracted them. It could be your window display, discount banners, online ads, etc. Now that you have their foot in the door, start off with a warm welcome and make them feel important, even if they’re just looking. Ask them if they’re looking for anything in particular. If their answer is an invariable – “No, I’m just looking”, don’t give up and walk away; don’t lurk either.
Most customers these days are informed of your offerings before they walk in. As a retail sales associate, you should be on top of your game. Know the ins and outs of your store. Learn your shopper’s needs through a casual conversation. Engage with them by pitching your new products and services, present choices, offer free samples, talk about in-store promotions, etc. Be persuasive without being pushy. If they’re ready to buy, great, but if not, let them go with a smiling face. Although your mission is to close sales, providing excellent customer experience is the only way to get there. Offer to send them in-store offers via email as a way to get their contact information and nurture them. So, try not to neglect window shoppers and instead engage.
4. The loyal shopper
In today’s world where most retailers carry similar products in-store, the real differentiator is customer experience. It’s what makes customers return to shop at your store instead of going elsewhere. It’s what brings you those loyal customers for whom price is not an issue, and who truly love doing business with you. They love your brand and they love your service.
Loyal customers are a result of a job well done. You have to continue to keep them satisfied, appreciated and loyal forever. Don’t take them for granted and focus on selling only to new customers. Especially during this season when foot traffic to stores is high, there’s potential to lose customer loyalty due to negligence. Keep a lookout for your loyal repeat customers and make them feel extra special. Show them appreciation by offering loyalty discounts for your in-store merchandise, surprise them with a little holiday gift for shopping with you, and thank them for coming.
The bottom line
Care for your customers and keep them happy.
It’s natural that as a retail salesperson you’re inclined to only focus your efforts on simply closing sales and increasing your incentives during this prime shopping time. But, it’s also important to be honest, friendly, patient and helpful even though your ultimate goal is to sell. Read customers, listen attentively, learn their needs, and sell with confidence.
Selling is not a natural talent; anyone can sell. It takes time and training to get better at your job. So, attend sales training, learn from your mistakes, and challenge yourself to be the best retail sales person this holiday season and every other time too.
Looking for a retail CRM? Use Freshsales CRM to tackle the challenges of running a retail business, from knowing who your customers are to personalizing their experience and have them come back for more. Sign up for the 30-day trial.
Related posts
Subscribe for blog updates
By clicking on "SUBSCRIBE TO OUR BLOG", you agree to our Terms and acknowledge having read our Privacy Policy.Fast & Fresh Juice Jars (314ml)
$8.00
Our freshly prepared juices come in 4 new flavours;
Gold – apple, carrot, celery
Green – Spinach, Pineapple, and lemon.
Pink – cranberry, carrot, orange, ginger
Orange – 100% Orange Juice
Presented individually and delivered chilled for your enjoyment you will love our Juice jars for a fast and fresh beverage. Perfect accompaniment for your your breakfast or lunch catering. Packaged as a mixture of all 4 juice flavours.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.- Egypt international Mohamed Salah has been named as the 2018 African best player
- The Liverpool striker won the award in Dakar, Senegal beating Sadio Mane and Aubameyang
- Salah was superb last season scoring 32 Premier League goals for Liverpool
Liverpool striker Mohamed Salah has been named as the 2018 African best player of the year in a ceremony held in Dakar, Senegal on Tuesday night, January 8.
The announcement was made by CAF who are the African's football governing body as the Egypt international defeated Liverpool teammate Sadio Mane and Arsenal star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to win the award.
Salah also beat these two players last year for him to win the player of the year award for the first time in his career.
PAY ATTENTION: Become a member of the leading sports Facebook group 'Naija Football Fan Zone'
READ ALSO: Nigeria’s Super Falcons emerge Africa's women national team of the year
This is the fifth straight nomination for Arsenal and Gabonese striker Emerick Aubameyang who won the player of the year award in 2015.
Last season in the Premier League, Mohamed Salah scored 32 goals for Liverpool winning the golden boot award for the first time.
And already this season, the former Chelsea and Roma star has scored 13 Premier League goals as his club Liverpool stay top on the English topflight standings.
Earlier, Legit.ng had reported how Liverpool superstar Mohamed Salah explained the significant role his father played for him to become one of the best footballers in the world.
Since the Egypt international came into the Premier League, he has been impressive for Liverpool helping them reach the final of the 2017/18 Champions League losing to Real Madrid in kiev.
And while growing up in Egypt, Mohamed Salah nearly quit football because of the long distance he would travel to for training sessions.
NAIJ.com (naija.ng) -> Legit.ng We have updated to serve you better
Ferdinand reveals admiration for Okocha, why he quit boxing and Man U problems | Legit TVHow is the stock portion of your retirement savings going? If you are like most Americans, your portfolio should be doing quite well.
As with any endeavor, as long as you know what you are doing, then you should be just fine.
In other words, as long as the companies you are invested in are making money through increased revenues, then you’ve got a solid investment, give or take the fluctuations that happen in every market cycle.
But here’s a caveat: not every company’s EPS is rising due to an increase in revenue. And that’s what you have to watch out for.
We covered this before in a previous article. But if you’re not aware of this common but not-so-honest tactic, you should at least be aware that it’s happening again.
Two questions to ask yourself:
- What is causing a company’s stock to rise; and
- Are the company’s top execs personally “buying” or “selling” their own company stock?
We’ll answer these questions later in the article.
Stock Buybacks Part II
During the Fed’s QE period, many companies were using cheap debt to buy back their own company stock.
In fact, 2010 – 2017 saw the biggest corporate stock buyback trend in history. With the Fed now in a tightening phase, companies can’t continue what they have been doing over the last decade.
But with the Trump tax cuts, effectively saving corporations up to $60 Billion dollars this year, it appears that corporations are taking those savings, borrowing up to another $80 billion from Wall St. and buying back their own stock again.
They are not putting money into investments, facilities, nor are they on a hiring spree.
We saw this in 2007; then, using shareholder money. They pumped up their bonuses while their shareholders took the majority of the risk. We know what happened afterward. Are we seeing a repeat?
But to address the second question: while they are encouraging their shareholders to buy their stocks, and as they are using debt to buy back their own stocks, what are the execs doing with their own money?
Are they too buying more their own stock for their personal investment?
It looks like they are doing now the same thing they did in 2007. They–the “smart money”–are DUMPING their own stocks.
So if you are holding any of these stocks in your personal retirement portfolio, just be aware that the executives who run these companies are doing the exact opposite.
They want you to buy and hold more of their securities. But they themselves cannot do it. And they can’t do it for one simple reason: it’s too risky.
It’s too risky for them, and they would rather transfer their risk to you. To your portfolio. To your financial future.
Our take? It isn’t worth sacrificing your financial future…or your family’s futures…so that these corporate executives can go home with higher bonuses.
Reduce your risk exposure. Hedge it with gold and silver. Don’t let Wall St. fool you yet again.Social Racing
Become a part of the EastSail community with our weekly social twilight racing and dockside debrief.
Racing - details
Social club races run weekly for Eastsail graduates, on Saturday afternoons at 1:30pm from April to September and on Monday evenings from October until March at 5:30pm. $55 per race including snack and drinks, or $500 for 10 races until December 2018 and $60 per race or $550 for 10 races from January 2019.
Winter Racing Series Results
Points System:
1st place: 20 points
2nd place: 18 points
3rd place: 17 points
4th place: 16 points
5th place: 15 points
6th place: 14 points
Drops:
Drops will be applied throughout the season to discount each crew’s lowest scoring races. A drop will also be applied in the event a race is cancelled.
Weather:
If the weather is unsuitable for racing, we will put an update at the top of this page.
EastSail Club Racing
Waiver and Indemnity: The applicant (itself and for its heirs, successors, executors, administrators, assigns, dependents and other personal representatives) irrevocably waives, releases from and agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified and hold harmless upon demand EastSail (hereafter including its servants, agents, officers, employees) and other participants aboard or persons under EastSail’s control (the “indemnified”) against all losses, claims, causes of action, actions, costs, legal costs, expenses, fees, damages, fines and liabilities of any kind that may be suffered or incurred or made by any person, including me, against EastSail howsoever arising out of or in connection with the charter, sailing in any craft being used in connection with the activity carried on by the indemnified.
Warning / Sailing done at Applicant’s own risk: The applicant acknowledges that sailing is a recreational and/or sporting activity that involves a significant degree of physical exertion, danger and risk to the Applicant and other persons, including but not limited to the risk of temporary or permanent physical or mental harm, injury, disability, death or the aggravation, acceleration or recurrence of any of the foregoing. The applicant irrevocably acknowledges and accepts these risks and warrants that it engages in the activity solely and exclusively at its own risk. The applicant acknowledges and agrees that sailing can be affected by weather conditions that may change without warning and that there is an element of luck to the prevailing conditions.Free London tap water scheme launched to help cut plastic wasteLast reviewed:
Shops and businesses around London have joined a Thames Water scheme that offers people free tap water ‘refills’ as part of the Mayor of London’s plans to reduce bottles and cups with tap water, instead of needlessly buying new single-use ones.
He is supporting a pilot of the Refill London scheme which is run by Thames Water and City to Sea, a campaign group that aims to help stop ocean pollution. They will be recruiting even more businesses to the scheme over the coming weeks and months. And if this proves a success the Mayor plans to help roll the scheme out across the capital over the summer.
The Mayor of London, Sadiq.”
The Refill London scheme will initially operate in five areas of London: Greenwich town centre, Lewisham High Street, the Southbank and Bankside, Regent St, and London Bridge (More London). More than 65 businesses and shops which include Costa Coffee, Tate Modern, BFI Imax and Leon have already joined the Refill scheme in the five areas, and will also be listed on a free Refill app and website () that lists all the locations in London and more than 5,700 refill locations across the UK.
Participating shops and businesses will have stickers in their windows letting people know they are offering free Thames Water tap water and that there is no need to feel uncomfortable or embarrassed asking for it. The #OneLess campaign, led by The Zoological Society of London, will evaluate the first phase of the scheme and their analysis will feed into plans for a wider roll-out.
The new scheme is part of the Mayor’s wider plans to reduce plastic waste and protect the environment. Sadiq announced an additional £6m for environmental schemes in the capital, including funding over the next three years for the roll-out of new public water fountains across London and waste reduction work.
The production of bottled water is around 500 times more carbon intensive than tap water, and Thames Water also has more stringent quality tests – around half a million a year – than bottled brands. The Refill initiative builds on the success of Thames Water’s London On Tap campaign, launched in 2009, which empowered diners in restaurants to ask for free tap water as an alternative to bottled brands. It led to free tap water being offered as standard across most establishments still today..”
Businesses are also approached by volunteers from City to Sea and encouraged to get on board the voluntary scheme. New outlets are added to the app daily.
City to Sea founder, Natalie Fee, the Thames!”
In 2010, Po Bronson and I wrote a Newsweek cover story on the science of creativity—and how evidence suggests that creativity may be on the decline for our nation's kids.
While there have been many theories on why creativity has been on the decline, what I've always thought was even more important is that the scientists have also started figuring out how we can increase creativity, in ourselves and in others. From some ideas, check out our piece, "Forget Brainstorming."
The science of creativity is just as applicable for both artists and engineers, children and adults. At the Chuck Jones Center For Creativity, I discussed what science has to offer creatives of all types.ANMIRO
- Latest Event ●●●●●●
- Risk Rating No risk assessment yet
- AIS Name ANMIRO
- Type General cargo v...
- Flag Antigua and Bar...
- IMO 9434577
- MMSI 305322000
- Callsign V2DR9
- Year Built 2009
- Length 88 m
- Width 13 m
- Draught Avg 4.8 m / ...
- Speed Avg/Max 9.8 kn / ANM<<Our merger
Hanover Housing Association and Anchor Trust merged in November 2018 to form Anchor Hanover.
Hanover and Anchor share proud histories, similar values and bold ambitions.
Now, as Anchor Hanover, we’ll build on our achievements to do more, at a bigger scale, than we could before.
As one organisation, we’ll transform housing and care so more people have a home where they love living.
You can find out more about the merger and the information we’ve published over the last few months using the links on this page.
Also visit for more about the new organisation and our ambitions.Do you need to begin a tea farming business from scratch? Otherwise you want a pattern tea farming marketing strategy template? If YES, then i recommendation you learn on.
For individuals who like to have a cup of tea- camellia sinensis now and again, you'd agree that it may be a reduction; that is particularly when you have been eager to chill out. The delicate caffeine in it positive helps the thoughts chill out because it helps one get out of a psychological chaotic state. What in regards to the antioxidant impact it has? That certainly will be therapeutic too.
When you've got been tinkering with rising tea, then reality is that tea farms generally is a actually fantastic business. Some of us, who wouldn't have the wherewithal to start out out with a tea farm, decide to develop camellia sinensis-black tea in a pot. It is because tea can probably develop wherever with the correct whether or not situations. Nevertheless, for these trying as much as this business to be a really worthwhile one, which may not go down properly.
There are a number of steps that you could take if beginning to develop tea in uttermost in your thoughts. This text proposes to point out you all these and extra. Backside-line is that you could strictly adhere to the foundations right here so as to begin on the correct footing. Listed here are the guidelines wanted to start out out properly and develop inside report time.
Beginning a Tea Farm – Pattern business Plan Template
- Analysis
The function analysis performs in all initiatives can't be watered down. Fact is that you've got to allocate sufficient time to analysis and be taught an entire lot about any such business. There are a myriad of websites on the web that may serve this function. You may additionally contemplate studying some books both from the native library close to you or buying some on the ebook store.
- Get Educated
The subsequent needful step to take can be to get actually educated. How will you go about this? You would want to be taught by going to a different tea farmer’s farm to see how issues are accomplished. You might be positive to get some important palms –on classes on make your farm definitely worth the whereas.
- Decide What Sort of tea to Develop
Subsequent, you've got to find out the sorts of tea you'd need to develop. It's true that some of us have no idea the distinction between the black tea- camellia sinensis and natural teas. So, it's for that motive that you'd must first be taught the distinction tea there are, and the decipher which to develop.
- Get a Space
If you're trying to begin this tea farm business on a small scale, then you might contemplate buying a small farmland. If alternatively you want to goal extra folks, then buying extra farm land can be important. Make certain that the soil is properly drained and sandy. It is because tea solely thrives on such land.
- Hire Farmers
If you recognize you have no idea jack about framing tea, then it turns into actually needful that you just hire an expert that will help you solve this problem. There are thousand and one farmers that might be prepared to come work in your farm.
- Buy Seeds
After your space is prepared, the subsequent factor that might be anticipated of you'd be to buy your tea seeds which can be found on the native nursery retailer. After that is accomplished, then you possibly can transfer forward to the subsequent step.
- Plant your tea
After your land has undergone all the mandatory preparation for the planting of tea, then the subsequent thing to do can be to start out the planting strategy of your tea. Care have to be taken so that all the processes of planting are strictly adhered to.
- Follow Up and Wait
The harvesting of your tea wouldn’t come until three years time. Make sure you all the time go to the farm to see if all goes properly. When the season of harvest comes, make sure you perform the harvest on time in order that you don't run at a loss.
- Promote Your business
This is among the most essential steps that you've got to comply with. That is significantly essential as you would want patrons to make revenue. Earlier than the tea is able to be harvested, you possibly can start to ship phrases out to totally different folks about your tea business. You may inform buddies, household in addition to make fliers to that impact.
After you have got harvested and made gross sales. Make sure you spend money on methods to make your farm among the finest. Fact is that in case your farm is properly managed, then you possibly can be sure you have large manufacturing firms patronize you.The State of the Students
To the Students of Arizona-
Whether you are a student who hasn't had to work throughout your time in college, whether you are struggling to pay your bills while attending school and paying your student loan debt, or whether you are considering dropping out of school because of the enormous financial burden of attending an institution of higher learning – ASA is here for you.
Since 1974, the Arizona Students' Association has been an advocate for students. We have elected candidates and we have removed them from office. We fight for all issues pertinent to students, and over the past 41 years, we have enjoyed innumerable victories and have learned from our few defeats. This year, under new leadership; a new Board of Directors; a completely revamped structure; and a realistic, non-partisan, student-run agenda, this ASA will be completely different from every year past. At a time where student debt and educational divestment have become crises in Arizona, ASA will promise to shake things up like no other student organization ever has before.
In 2015, Arizona’s Governor and Legislature passed a budget that removed 100% of state funding to two community colleges. Also in the budget, Arizona State University, The University of Arizona, and Northern Arizona University collectively had to bolster cuts totaling $99 Million. This forced the Arizona Board of Regents to increase tuition at all three of Arizona’s public universities. Not only does this limit educational opportunity for the over 500,000 students across the State of Arizona, but worse- it tells them that their road to success was not a priority in the eyes of the State.
If you're upset about this, do something about it.
ASA will be diligently working 24 hours a day for the next 365 days to ensure that students from Yuma to the Navajo Reservation and from Tucson to Flagstaff have a voice not only in their community, but in Arizona and nationally as well. Over the next 365 days, we will be introducing our own legislation, we will be registering over 10,000 students to vote, we will be at the State Capitol every day of the legislative session, we will be traveling to D.C. to ensure that our federal legislators know our agenda, we will grow our numbers to the largest amount of students we've ever had, we will work to partner with our city governments, and we promise to do this and much much more.
This year will be different. Are you ready to be that difference?
We have many obstacles in front of us, and we need students from all over the State to join in and agree that education is a right, not a privilege. Over the next 365 days, I look forward to serving you, to working with you, to crying with you, and to rejoicing with you. The State of the Students is always improving and always getting better. With driven students banding together, nothing is impossible, and I know that this year is no different. Students- this is our year.
Yours,
Nicolas Parra
President, Arizona Students' Association
Be the first to commentModel is too heavy for your device and can not be rendered properly
Connection error. Please try again.
Sorry, the model can't be displayed.
Please check out our FAQ to learn how to fix this issue.
Thanks! Also share?
A model of a support-jet that just grew on its own. Maybe someone out there can use it for their needs.
CC Attribution
Creative Commons Attribution
Author must be credited. Commercial use is allowed.Model Number
SMH1622W
Request Resource Materials
Service diagnostics guide, Wiring diagram, Service bulletins, Service pointers, Job aids, Videos, Any available materials
- Pancakes asked 2 months ago
Hi. I have attached the tech sheet for you.
- Brian, Ace Appliance answered 2 months ago
- Brian, I know this will fit but is there any hazard putting it on models GE doesn’t perscribe that are not metal. I saw a list and mine is not one of them. What is your advice.
- Sorry, what part are you referring to?
- You must login to replyWhat’s more classic-American-breakfast than real eggs, sausage, cheddar cheese, and bacon? Jimmy Dean Simple Scrambles Meat Lovers combines all of these favorite ingredients into one delicious and easy-to-prepare package. Whether you want a quick option for your cafe, cafeteria, or convenience store, there’s no better option than this bulk food item. All you need to do is microwave the packet and voila — a delicious and filling breakfast. Order this bulk food item online today from Food Service Direct and see how much money you can save.
Real Eggs, Sausage, Cheddar Cheese & Bacon
Preparation type: MICROWAVE
Preparation instructions: Instructions developed using an 1100 watt oven. Ovens vary; heat times may need to be adjusted. *If additional time is needed, microwave 5 seconds at a time until eggs are cooked. 1. Remove film completely from cup and remove contents. Pour eggs into cup. 2. Microwave on HIGH for 45 seconds; stir in contents of meat/cheese pouch. 3. Microwave an additional 30 seconds until eggs are cooked.* Let stand 1 minute. Enjoy. CAUTION PRODUCT WILL BE HOT.IBM simulates 530 billon neurons
This is one of the most famous quotes from the film Terminater 2 from 1991 ():.
As always government projects are behind schedule 🙂
But progress is beeing made. IBM simulates 530 billon neurons (53×10^10 neurons), 100 trillion synapses (1.37×10^14 synapses) on world’s fastest supercomputer.
Or without scientific notation:
530,000,000,000 neurons
You might ask how many neurons are in the human cortex the answer is:
19,000,000,000 – 23,000,000,000 (roughly 19,000,000,000 for women and 23,000,000,000 for men) see
You might ask how many neurons are in the human brain the answer is:
85,000,000,000 see
So in short IBM simulates more neurons as the human brain has and roughly the same number of synapses. Awesome!
Now the big question is, is it realtime or even faster than realtime?
The answer is: No.
It is slower, 1542 times slower to be exact.
Read more of the story at:
Here is also a nice video about it: The Cognitive Systems EraManchester United go up against PSG tonight in the second leg of their Champions League clash but Pogba, because of suspension, will be absent.
The France international struggled in the reverse fixture at Old Trafford as PSG won courtesy of goals from Prisnel Kimpembe and Kylian Mbappe.
His misery was compounded late on, with the Manchester United star receiving his marching orders after a late foul on Dani Alves.
Without Pogba – and other players such as Alexis Sanchez, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Anthony Martial sidelined – few are giving United a fighting chance.
But the Manchester Evening News claim Pogba HAS travelled with the rest of the squad.
And, in an open training session, he was supposedly at the forefront of things.
He was reportedly enthusiastic among his United team-mates in the rondos and possession games throughout the activity.
And Pogba, as a leader, is seemingly trying to use his personality to help United players dare to dream of a stunning European comeback.
The MEN also provide an insight into the rest of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s training session.
Michael Carrick was spotted in talks with young quintet Tahith Chong, Brandon Williams, Mason Greenwood, Angel Gomes and James Garner.
Kieran McKenna, meanwhile, had in-depth chats with Scott McTominay.
McTominay is poised to start in place of the injured Nemanja Matic and has impressed in recent victories over Southampton and Crystal Palace.
Whether United are able to mastermind a Champions League comeback, however, remains to be seen.
One man who believes it is possible, though, is Solskjaer.
The 46-year-old was notably upbeat in his pre-match press conference on Tuesday night – in a stark contrast to the dark and dreary demeanour often adopted by predecessor Jose Mourinho.
“It’s never a mission impossible,” said Solskjaer.
“It will be difficult. But we’ve got to get the first goal and then anything can happen.
“Football is a technical and tactical game but it is also a mental game.
“Goals change games and we might start believing and PSG might start doubting.”
United have already registered one famous Champions League away win this season – against Juventus in November.
The Red Devils found themselves 1-0 down after a Cristiano Ronaldo rocket but a Juan Mata free-kick and Alex Sandro own-goal gifted them all three points.Lucie Hayward
Director
Cyber Risk
NashvilleLucie Hayward
The Brown Palace Hotel and Spa, Autograph Collection, 17th Street, Denver
CO
July 16-20, 2018
Lucie Hayward will facilitate an informative breakout session "Cyber Risk & Security Track: Breach Response Tabletop" on Wednesday, July 18th from 3-5 p.m. during the Delta Dental OpTech Summit in Denver, Colorado. information, and to register, please contact Austin Jeffers at austin.jeffers@kroll.com..this is the outfit i had in mind when i saw the deer print blouse in h&m..i'd previously picked up this jersey dress from there, after seeing it on one of charlene's posts (here) and had decided i would give it a go as i really like the colour..usually i'm not confident with jersey, as i think it's not a very forgiving, clingy fabric for all the lumps and bumps i seem to have.. layered under the dress, i love the blouse, and the odd length experience i had the other day isn't an issue.. this little skeleton captured my heart when i first saw him a couple of months ago in river island - i'm not usually a massive fan of the river island jewellery section, as i get put off by all of the diamante they seem to cram into each and every item, but this was an exception, and i went back to track him down, only to find that he was sold out of my store - gaah! so i was lucky to find it in one of the other stores i've been to recenltly.. also, these primark heels must be top of the list of this years' most worn purchases - i bought them in manchester when i went to the blogger's meet up, and since then i wear them to the office at least once a week- which is not so good on my other shoes, which get less of a chance..but they are so comfortable, and so simple that they go with so many outfits! i may have to get the heel tips replaced at some point in the future, but even so, at £12 i think they were a total bargain!
The skeleton necklace is gorgeous!!!
Lee x
Oh my word I LOVE this necklace! So much so that I have just placed a sneaky ASOS order for one of my own...
I know what you mean about River Island bling- it's all a bit Elizabeth Duke from time to time in there, but they do come up with the occasional gem!
xxx Maddie
I love your layering! I think you look fab, and the skeleton necklace is pretty cool as well. xx
Amazing outfit and the necklace is so cute xx
I love the way you've styled the dress! The necklace is so adorable too and those heels are KILLER x
LOVE this outfit! The necklace is pretty awesome, I never even go into River Island, think I have the same opinion of their jewellery (and clothes!) as you! :)
Oh my god that necklace is so so gorgeous and I love your outfit all of it looks lovely xx
I do love the colour of that dress on you! xo
Char you look beaaaaaautiful in this- seriously it looks lovely on you! I love that blouse- ooh is it still in the shops!!!!!
and in my view you just reached a new personal best with that outfit, you look AMAZING!!!
Still jealous of that gorgeous blouse. x
I really like the deer print blouse and of course I love the skeleton necklace - brilliant! You look lovely as always Charlotte and I'm sorry for the delayed blog comments. Hope you've been ok, your letter will be coming to you soon! xxx
I love this outfit, you look lovely. And the skeleton is so cute! x
I love that necklace, I have been seeing alot of river island stuff I like lately.
Love the skeleton necklace, especially his crown!
I have moved my blog now to thought I best tell you in case you can't find me! I have a redirect on my old URL but on some peoples blog rolls and google reader it isn't updating when I post until they change it to the new one.
Gorgeous outfit Char, makes your waist look teeny! Love the autumn colours!
I love that necklace it's so amazing and you are rocking those heels. I can't believe they were only £12 ! mega bargain xx
That was such a fun day doing the bloggers meet. I feel so lucky to have met you all.
And those shoes still give me vertigo, just looking at them!
Z xxPregnant women with higher levels of fluoride in their urine may be more likely to have school-age children with certain symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), such as inattentiveness and cognitive problems, according to a new Canadian study led by researchers at the University of Toronto and York University.
The findings are published in the journal Environment International.
 at the University of Toronto.
The study analyzed data from 213 mother-child pairs in Mexico City who are enrolled in the Early Life Exposures in Mexico to Environmental Toxicants (ELEMENT) project. The project with the goal of preventing cavities.
In recent years, fierce debate over the safety of water fluoridation — particularly for children’s developing brains — has led researchers to investigate the issue and provide evidence to inform national drinking water standards.
The research team included experts from the University of Toronto, York University, the National Institute of Public Health of Mexico, University of Michigan, Indiana University, the University of Washington and Harvard School of Public Health. The team analyzed urine samples that had been obtained from mothers during pregnancy and from their children between six and 12 years of age to reconstruct personal measures of fluoride exposure for both mother and child.
The team then looked at how urinary fluoride levels related to the child’s performance on a variety of tests and questionnaires that measure inattention and hyperactivity, and provide overall scores related to ADHD.
The researchers adjusted for other factors known to impact neurodevelopment, such as gestational age at birth, birth weight, behaviors and cognitive problems, but not with hyperactivity,” said Bashash.
This work adds Dr..
Source: University of Toronto
*Original article online atA.
Despite the fact that no one was hurt in the action, and caused only $40,000 in damages to vehicles that were later resold, Jeff was sent to prison for a sentence considerably longer than those convicted of murder, kidnapping and rape in Oregon. Jeff is a political prisoner and continues to write and agitate for his release while imprisoned at Oregon State Penitentiary. His appeal was filed in January 2002 and oral arguments before the Oregon Court of Appeals weren’t heard until November 2005, so justice for Jeff has been a long time coming.
In February of this year, the Court of Appeals unanimously ruled that Jeff’s case was reversed and remanded back to the Circuit Court for re-sentencing as a result of the trial judge’s errors in imposing the original draconian sentence. According to attorneys that have reviewed the court decision, it looks like Jeff could potentially get about 15 years taken off his 266 month sentence, which may amount to time served and his release.
Donations Desperately Needed
Jeff has garnered support from all over the world and we never imagined this could have happened back when Jeff was first arrested almost seven years ago. We are still digesting the positive news regarding Jeff’s appeal and we want everyone to know how grateful we are to all of you who have supported Jeff over the years in whatever way you could.
In the coming months we will find out more about Jeff’s re-sentencing–the court date and possible outcome, etc.–and in the meantime we need your support more than ever. Jeff needs money. His legal costs and attorney fees, on top of on-going daily expenses, can’t be covered with our current bank account and financial support.
If you have a few extra dollars, help Jeff through these coming months. We’ve made it pretty easy to donate through a variety of methods. Go to for options ranging from PayPal, to sending a check to his support team, a tax-deductible method, or a money order directly to Jeff’s commissary account in prison (this last option will not help pay legal costs).
With your help we can be sure he gets the best legal representation possible for his re-sentencing. More info:
freefreenow.org
Dating brad garrett youtube
Dating brad garrett youtube - Adult Chat Rooms
This Soft24 page was created to preview next site: u= This preview page is for security reasons, we won't redirect you to any site you don't want to go.
The referring site you are going to visit is not controlled by us, so please remember not to enter your private information unless you are sure this is not scam.With Blake bandmates, he has modelled for Ralph Lauren, Jaeger and Next.‘Music is an aphrodisiac.I spent six months trying to get Hofit to see me as a potential boyfriend, then one day we were lying on the grass and I started singing “Chasing Cars” by Snow Patrol.That clinched it.’‘For me there is no sense of genre – classical, rock, pop or whatever – any more; there is just good music and not good music.Also be sure to download only from sites you trust and remember to always check the site's Privacy Policy first.Forget boy bands – the new heart-throbs of music are classically trained musicians who look as good as they sound.
With their buffed bodies, coiffed hair and crossover music (most move with ease from Beethoven to the Beatles), they are breaking down barriers between musical genres.
Ahead of this month’s announcement of the Classic Brit Awards nominations (the ceremony takes place at the Royal Albert Hall on 12 May), He began his musical career as a chorister in his home town of Podgorica but, after finding a ‘dusty guitar with broken strings’ in a cupboard in his parents’ bedroom, grew determined to become an internationally renowned classical guitarist.
At the age of 13 he was the subject of a Serbian television documentary.
Milos studied at London’s Royal Academy of Music and has won many awards, including Prince Charles’s Prince’s Prize in 2007 (never before awarded to a guitarist).‘I go to the gym.
Sitting practising for six hours, your brain is full of notes, ideas, the next concert – you need a release. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not an Olympic champion, but it’s a great way to keep fit.
My heart needs to be strong.’ Has modelled since a teenager and is now the UK face of Armand Nicolet watches and an ambassador for Honda motorbikes, Arai helmets and Lotus sports cars.
Benefits include up to million total protection at a savings of 60-75%; guaranteed acceptance for full time students; and you can choose your own doctor.
Apart from being great drinkers, these hotties are amazing in bed.
Bottle service can include the service of a VIP host, who will ensure that patrons have sufficient mixers and will often make drinks using the patrons' liquor bottle and mixers.
She creeps into your room and kills you slowly, by cutting you and watching you bleed to death. say your mum's name 5 times and your crushes name 3 times 4. If you do this, your crush will kiss you on the nearest Friday possible.FORT LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA, January 24, 2017 –
Hypower is involved in the overall project and is proud to be the electrical trade specialty contractor contributing to the VDC process for the Miami Central Station. Since 2009, Hypower has completed 20+ VDC projects with a total value of $130 million.
David Thirlwell, Senior BIM/VDC Designer at Baker Concrete elaborates more on the importance of VDC in a publication in ENR earlier this month. In late 2015, Baker Concrete began construction on Brightline’s MiamiCentral station complex, the signature landmark of the new Brightline express passenger rail service. The Brightline system will connect downtown Miami to Orlando with stops in Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach.
The 9-acre downtown project consists of heavy rail platforms elevated up to 52 ft above the city, with three shear wall cores supporting midrise towers and 3 million sq ft of residential, commercial, office and retail space. Baker Concrete’s scope includes a complex arrangement of rail piers, columns, shear walls and elevated decks, as well as active, on-grade freight rail and elevated light rail weaving through the downtown Miami site.
The project team’s engagement with the building information modeling (BIM) and virtual design and construction (VDC) staff were absolutely critical to making sure that BIM and VDC played an important role, well beyond what was required by the general contractor. Think of BIM as the technology component (i.e., 3D software-based building planning technology) and VDC as the various methods of integrating the technology with operations.
Our team did regularly participate in coordination meetings with the general contractor, identifying and resolving
many important issues. But it was really the individuals at each level of the Baker Concrete team that made sure BIM and VDC were strategically applied and supported for the greatest impact. While the overall project remains challenging (and no amount of BIM will pour a yard of concrete), the BIM and VDC efforts have—without a doubt—been critical to the project’s ongoing success.
==..
Amazing Colorful Gorilla Roaring Face Tattoo On Half Sleeve
Skull Tattoo by Bang Bang NYC
Amazing Grey Ink Flying Bird Ankle Tattoo
Nice Compass And Rose With Sweet Bird Tattoo Idea
Nice Music Mic And Letters Tattoo Idea
Hold On
Flower Skull Tattoo by Diamond Jacks
Tribal Crown Tattoo On Upper Back
Deer Skull Tattoo On Neck
Amazing King And Queen’s Crown Matching Tattoo
Tribal Half Sleeve Tattoo For Muscular Guys
Awesome Dragon Tattoo
Old horror movie colored maniac doll tattoo on forearm stylized with lettering
Good Afternoon Flowers Bouquet Glitter
Outline Capricorn Zodiac Sign Tattoo On Lowerback
Happy Bumble Bee Temporary Tattoo
Owl Arm Tattoo
realistic chest
3 Barbed Wire Tattoo Designs
Dark Blue Rose Elbow Tattoo
realistic tattoo
Roman Numerals Tattoo
animal tattoo
rosary beads
Virgin Mary Tattoos
Butterfly & Flower Tattoo On Side
Thai Buddha Tatto Picture For Men On Chest
Cross In Memory Of Tattoos
Tattoo Meaning Moth 4
Pit Bull Dog Face Tattoo On ShoulderIntracytoplasmic Sperm Injection, ICSI for male infertility
Intracytoplasmic sperm injection, ICSI- is an injection procedure to help fertilize the egg. To fertilize an egg, the sperm must attach to the outside of the egg and then move through the layer called the zona pellucida to the inside of the egg. When the sperm can’t penetrate the outer layer, intracytoplasmic sperm injection can help by injecting the sperm directly into the egg.
Who needs intracytoplasmic sperm injection?
ICSI is most often a treatment for male fertility issues. Those fertility issues can be the result of not producing enough sperm, sperm that is not shaped correctly or does not move normally, sperm that has trouble attaching to an egg, or a blockage in the reproductive tract that may keep the sperm from getting to the egg. If there are very few eggs to be fertilized, often ICSI will also be used. In the case of preimplantation genetic screening -PGS-, ICSI is used to help ensure a good biopsy specimen without contamination of other sperm in the specimen.
Intracytoplasmic sperm injection is successful in fertilizing approximately 90 percent of eggs. However, in cases where criteria are not met for the indication of ICSI, standard insemination may have better results. It is possible, though rare, for babies conceived by ICSI to be born with a birth defect or an increased risk of infertility themselves. Though these risks appear to be due to the nature of the infertility, not the fertility treatment itself.
When considering this treatment, seek the help of your fertility specialist to determine if ICSI is a good choice for you. Dr. Susan Hudson at Texas Fertility Center of New Braunfels specializes in fertility treatments for couples who may need to undergo IVF with ICSI. Contact us today to schedule an appointment.Let’s face it, we are probably likely to move house several times during our student years due to all sorts of reasons.
Such as: Upgrading from a room in Student Halls to a shared house, falling out with our housemates (it doesn’t just happen in Big Brother), falling in love, falling out of love, the landlord wants you out – to list just a few.
So we’ve put together this list of Top 7 Tips to make it easier for students to move house.
No. 1 Start planning your move as early as possible
We recommend at least one month ahead of moving day. Write a list of all the things you need to do. Don’t worry if your list looks long, just tick of things as you complete them. You’ll feel great each time you do.
No. 2 Get rid of unwanted/unused stuff
We all have stuff we don’t use: clothes at the back of the wardrobe, unread books, clutter that seems to grow all by itself. Why transport this useless stuff to your new home just to create more clutter? Get rid of it by donating it to charity (There are charities happy to collect from your home) or chuck it in the recycling bin. Or you could leave a box of unwanted stuff outside your home attached with a “PLEASE HELP YOURSELF” label… you’ll be amazed by how quickly it all disappears.
No. 3 Ask family and friends to help you on the day
As the saying goes, “Many hands make light work” (apologies for sounding like your mum). Do you know anyone with a vehicle? Ask them if they’ll be available to help. Asking them a month ahead is better than asking the night before!
No. 4 Look into Removal Services
If none of your family and friends with vehicles is available to help, then it is worth looking into professional removal services. An entire industry has built up around the demand for cheap removal services that are very popular with students. There are also ones such as Man and Van in Cardiff (available nationwide) which can be booked up to 60 minutes prior to your move! Removal companies can also provide boxes for your items as well as peace of mind – check that they are insured against damages.
No. 5 Cancel your subscriptions to services
Let the service providers know in advance that you are moving out – you really do not want to be billed for services you stopped using months ago. Or even worse: receive a summons to attend the Small Claims Court, aargh!!
No. 6 Clean the house before you leave
This gives you a chance to see whether you have left anything behind. You don’t want the new tenants to find any of your embarrassing “memorabilia”. And you may even get some of your deposit back!
No. 7 Inform all important parties such as the bank of your change of address
You most certainly don’t want the new tenants looking at your bank statements! Also tell your college/university, doctor’s surgery etc.
So follow these tips in order to take the stress out of moving and enjoy your new home!
Tickets ON SALE now for The Glitterfest
Bank Holiday Sunday 21st April at the Tropicana Beach Club (London)When it comes to keeping track of my family's busy schedule I rely on writing everything down. I know what you're thinking...I'm old school that way. So, now that the secret is out and you realize how important a planner is for my day to day ops...you can imagine how excited I was when Blue Sky contacted me about doing a review for the Day Designer by Whitney English planners. What I love most is that the first four pages give you a space to set your goals and to design your days in a way that's right for you. These definitely aren't your boring, run of the mill planners. Functional, stylish and sophisticated is what comes to my mind. Let's take a look at these three 2015-2016 planners.
This 4x6 planner is perfect to keep in your purse. You can check off your to-do's on the go.
This 6x8 planner has plenty of room to schedule your day & includes a daily inspirational message.
The goal sheet helps with keeping your daily routine on track. Create one that's right for you.
All in all these planners are spacious, beautifully designed, organized, inspiring and budget friendly.
Which one is your favorite?
*Disclosure: Blue Sky sent me three planners in exchange for writing a review on my blog. Opinions expressed here are my own.
I am just in love with this planner. Planners have never been my thing because I never write in them. I don't know why. I buy them and they sit there. I think I need to get back into it. Great photos as well Charity.
Kia / House of KTS
Love the fun designs!
I'm glad I'm not the only one who is old school! I love writing everything in my planner! Might have to check this one out!
xo Emily
I keep hearing great things about these planners! I can't live without my plannerhaha!
Great review. I've actually been trying to find the daily planner but no luck. I didn't worry about it at first because the Day Designer website stated they were continuing their collaboration with Blue Sky and the January 2016 line up would be 2 daily and 2 weekly. Well, they have updated their website and I confirmed it with Blue Sky Cust Svc Dept,, only 2 weekly planners will be released. A little disappointed. If you hear of anyone with an extra daily planner they don't use and would like to sell, please let me know. Thanks!!!!Buying a car is usually one of the bigger financial ventures you'll take on in your lifetime. Whether you're in the market for a newly arrived model or intend to approach a used-car dealer, a key step in the car-buying process is figuring out how you're going to pay for it. With the year-on-year increase in car prices, many prospective buyers find that Vehicle Financing is the only way they'll be able to afford their dream car.
When borrowing to fund a new set of wheels, buyers can choose to attach a balloon payment or residual to the loan, and what the amount will be. Including a balloon payment in the repayment plan has an impact on how much the monthly instalment will be, and ultimately, how much the car buyer ends up paying for the vehicle.
Balloon payment plans are becoming more common among car buyers in South Africa. Wesbank reports that one in every five funding agreements now includes a balloon payment that comprises around 17% of the finance amount. If you are considering making use of a balloon payment or residual, here are some things you should know before signing the loan agreement. certain percentage be pushed to the end of the finance term.
This will keep the monthly instalment amount lower but when it's time to settle the balloon payment, it needs to be paid as a single payment. If the buyer is unable to clear their debt on the balloon payment, they may need to refinance the amount due.”
What is a residual value?
A residual is very much like a balloon payment but it takes the form of a lease agreement. It is also known as a non-ownership residual. The lump sum payable at the end of the financing period is calculated according to how much the vehicle will be worth at that time. So, if the value of the car is R50 000 at the end of the lease period, that amount becomes payable. The borrower of a residual value loan can usually get a lower premium if they buy a new car as opposed to a second-hand car, whose value will have depreciated more. The loan provider normally keeps a tight rein on the number of kilometres (mileage) travelled in a new vehicle and may levy a penalty for high mileage users.. That's why financial commitment and planning for that due date is key to manage a balloon payment plan. If you're someone who always puts aside money for a future time of need and won’t mind dipping into your savings when the due date arrives, then a balloon payment may be a viable solution.
Vehicle and asset finance provider WesBank, however, advises that consumers steer clear of balloon payments since it may seem an attractive option at first, but will only boil down to increased debt in the long run.
"Buyers end up spending a lot more on the interest over the longer period of the loan, and a balloon payment, also subject to interest, could attract even more charges should a buyer decide to refinance.”
Wesbank encourages car buyers to settle for a cheaper vehicle at the shortest repayment period possible and to pay a deposit on the vehicle.
Cons.
DISCLAIMER: The content of this article is for informational purposes only and should not be considered as financial advice. Readers are encouraged to consult a financial adviser with any questions or concerns they have regarding their personal finances.Buffer Basics
What is a buffer?
People apply the term buffer to landscapes with different characteristics, ranging from naturally vegetated areas to those where mowing is allowed.
What do buffers do?
Healthy, intact buffers help keep our waters clean and our basements dry, offer a home for wildlife, and protect oyster beds and eelgrass.
How well do they work?
A buffer’s effectiveness depends on its characteristics—and the surrounding landscape adjacent to the buffer and in the larger watershed.
How to Manage Buffers
Working with Communities
How do you start a conversation about buffers? Where are the important buffers? What are the options for protecting them?
Working with Landowners
What can you do in a buffer?
How do you protect buffers?
What will it cost? What are the incentives? How do you restore a buffer?
Navigating Regulations
Who regulates buffers?
What's protected? What's not?
Why protect smaller streams & wetlands? Should all buffers be the same size?
About Buffers Options for the Bay
The Buffer Options for the Bay (BOB) project is dedicated to advancing understanding of buffer value and refining policy to support
the more effective use of buffers as land management tools
in the Great Bay Estuary watershed.
Learn more about our project >Product Description
Vertical Bike Racket Racks Lifestyle Kit-Version II (GT577E)
The GT577E Vertical Bike Racket Racks Lifestyle Kit-Version II is a combination of two Sports Activity Racks a basket and three shelves. The Sports Racks include the Vertical Bike Rack and Racket Activity Rack. As a Lifestyle Kit purchase this is a more economical purchase than if these accessories were purchased as single units. Lifestyle Kits are priced 10% less than if the products were purchased individually. Both of the Bike and Racket Racks are used for large small bikes and tennis equipment. The Vertical Bike Rack holds two bikes. The Vertical Bike Rack holds two bikes as compared to the Horizontal Bike Rack which holds one. However given the extra storage the Vertical Bike Rack may make it difficult for small children to load and remove bikes. The three shelves and shallow basket are shown storing a set of roller blades helmet plus accessories for biking tennis but could be used for any other related sports items . Although shown in a specific setup the units can rearranged in a similar space easily. Alternatives to this Kit are Lifestyle Kit GT579E and Lifestyle Kit GT580E. GT580E also having a Vertical Bike Rack which have two Horizontal Bike Racks plus the Stick Activity Rack. The Stick Activity Rack can be used for many different sports baseball fishing hockey lacrosse, etc. The TekPanel and/or TekTrak is sold separately.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Publication - FOI/EIR Release
Facility to convert FMEL and BiFab loans to equity: FOI appeal
- Directorate:
- Economic Development Directorate
- Part of:
- Economy, Public sector
Information request and response under the Freedom of Information (Scotland) Act 2002.
- Published:
- 22 Feb 2019
Date received: 14 Dec 2018
Date responded: 21 Feb 2019
“(1) Please confirm whether the following loan / loan facilities carry the option to convert the loan into equity:
(A) Ferguson Marine Engineering Limited - £15 million loan facility (granted September 2017)
(B) Ferguson Marine Engineering Limited - £30 million loan facility (granted June 2018)
(C) Burntisland Fabrications Limited (BiFab) - £10 million restructuring loan facility
(2) For each of the loan / loan facilities listed in (1), please state whether the authority to convert the loan in to equity is held:
(A) Jointly by the agreement of the lender and borrower
(B) Solely by the borrower
(C) Solely by the lender”
With reference to your ongoing appeal with the Scottish Information Commissioner for FoI/18/02803, we have given further consideration to the information previously withheld and have determined that we were not entitled to withhold it and we are now providing you with a response to your question. Please find a formal response below.
Question 1:
(A) There are no debt for equity conversion provisions contained in the £15 million loan agreement with Ferguson Marine Engineering Limited.
(B) There are debt for equity provisions contained in the £30 million loan agreement with Ferguson Marine Engineering Limited.
(C) There are no debt for equity conversion provisions contained in the £10 million loan agreement Burntisland Fabrications Limited.
Question 2:
(A) N/A
(B) N/A
(C) For the £30 million loan agreement with Ferguson Marine Engineering Limited the option to convert debt to equity can be triggered solely by the lender, except in certain potential circumstances relating to a share sale, business disposal or listing.The Southeast region of the United States is home to the country’s most distinct sub-culture, well known for its warmth and hospitality, for soul food, and a lush landscape steeped in history. But what it’s perhaps best known for is its music. The musical heritage of the South is deep and dynamic, encompassing a wide variety of styles from blues to bluegrass, ragtime to gospel to Appalachian Folk. The Appalachian Summer Music Festival in Boone, North Carolina is a vibrant and eclectic celebration of music and art from the Blue Ridge Mountains and beyond.
The festival, hosted by the Appalachian State University office of arts and cultural programs, began in 1984 as a series of chamber music concerts. Over the past three decades it has grown into one of the nation’s largest regional multi-arts festivals, attracting over 26,000 visitors every summer. Throughout the month of July, the campus of ASU comes alive with music, dance and theater, along with visual art installations, film screenings, workshops, and more. In recognition of its artistic excellence, innovation, and engagement, the Southeast Tourism Board has named the festival one of the “Top 20 Events in the Southeast” for the past ten years.
Pay a visit to the festival to hear contemporary voices such as The Band Perry, Little Big Town, and Nickel Creek, timeless classics like Sheryl Crow and the Doobie Brothers, and the enduring sounds of Emmy Lou Harris and Doc Watson.
But the festival’s diverse musical and artistic offerings hail from far beyond the American South. Past lineups have included the Broyhill Chamber Ensemble, Glee’s Mathew Morrison, and the Greensboro Symphony, the Dance Theater of Harlem, comedian Paula Poundstone, and the Youth National Orchestra, to name just a few. Along with internationally recognized performance and visual artists, the festival also provides a supportive platform for new and emerging talent from across the country.
A focus on community outreach and partnerships with local schools, along with a central belief that art is an essential component of a healthy and thriving community and should be accessible to all people, is paramount to the vision of this summer music celebration. Tickets for children are heavily discounted; they cost less than five dollars in 2014. Educational opportunities for ASU students, including lectures, workshops, and exhibitions, as well as employment opportunities and student internships, provide a meaningful connection between artists and the university.
Although the majority of the events take place on the campus of ASU, the entire town of Boone plays a role in the festivities, with local businesses hosting readings and children’s activities, offering discounts and special menu items, providing free appetizers before shows, and even hiding concert tickets as part of a town-wide scavenger hunt. You might find a ticket to Mary Chapin Carpenter and Shawn Colvin hidden inside a barrel of penny candy at the Mast General Store, or free entry to a modern dance exposé tucked inside a menu at Hob Nob Farm Café.
The Appalachian Summer Music Festival keeps traditional sounds and art forms alive, while keeping performances fresh and relevant with each passing year. With so many reasons to visit the sultry beauty of the Blue Ridge Mountains in high summer, this illustrious celebration of culture may be the most compelling.Setting up oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs to your interior can enable you revolutionize the area in your home and maximize numerous visual aspect that you've on display. Look for lounge chairs that features a component of the unique or has some personality is good ideas. Every lounge chairs will be a good choice for setting the mood inside specific rooms or also applying for particular functions. Earlier than getting lounge chairs. The general shape of the element could be a little unique, or perhaps there's some eye-catching product, or specific highlight, ensure you match their model and pattern with the previous style in your house. In any case, your own personal taste ought to be presented in the part of oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs that you choose. You are able to shop wide choice of lounge chairs to find the ideal for your home.
Each oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs will help you get exclusive design and bring special feel or look for your house. The following is a easy tutorial to several types of oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs to be able to make the good choice for your house and price range. Adding lounge chairs for the home will let you to make the perfect atmosphere for each space. To summarize, don't forget the following when buying lounge chairs: let your needs specify what products you decide on, but don't forget to account for the initial detailed architecture in your interior. Considering the style of your home just before buying lounge chairs will also help you get the perfect design, measurement, size, and shape for the room.
Think about the space you would like to place the lounge chairs. Are you experiencing a huge spot that needs oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs because of it's a must to find the right for the space, or do you have a tiny space? It is important for your lounge chairs is somewhat connected together with the layout of your room, otherwise your oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs can possibly interrupt and impact on from these layout and design instead of balance them. You don't wish to purchase lounge chairs that won't match, so you should evaluate your space to determine possible area prior to shop it. Once you are certain of the given room, you can begin shopping. Functionality was certainly the priority for those who opted for lounge chairs, however when you have a really colorful design, you must selecting an item of lounge chairs which was functional was excellent.
Certainly, there is likely oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs will be a preferred option and can be purchased in both big and small lengths or widths. When ever you coming to a decision which oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs to buy, the first task is deciding what you really require. Apply lounge chairs as decor may creates you to be unique decoration for you and makes you smile. Some areas featured original design element that may allow you to determine the sort of lounge chairs that'll be effective inside the of the lounge chairs are designed by their special style also character. Every lounge chairs is functional and useful, although oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs has numerous styles and built to help you get unique appearance for your room. It's fine to use an elegant accent to your room by setting up lounge chairs into your style. After choosing lounge chairs you'll need to position same importance on aesthetics and comfort. You are able to upgrade the lounge chairs in your room that match your own personal taste that designed by their beautiful and detailed appearance.
Every oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs come in numerous patterns, dimensions, size, styles and designs, that is helping to make them a perfect method to remodel your current home. Decorative and accent items give you a chance to experiment more freely along with your oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs selection, to choose items with exclusive shapes or features. You need to use ideas from the previous room decoration to get lounge chairs for your house. Color and shade is an essential part in feeling and mood. Each lounge chairs has various designs and shapes that each homeowner may appreciate it. When choosing lounge chairs, you would want to consider how the color of the lounge chairs will show your preferred atmosphere and mood. They are also great makes the environment of an area very much more amazing.
Are you currently looking for out where to purchase lounge chairs for your home? Truth be told there seems to be an endless number of oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs to choose when deciding to purchase lounge chairs. Luckily, here provides anything you covered with many oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs for your home! Once you've decided on it dependent on your preferences, it's time to consider integrating accent features. Designing with lounge chairs is really a amazing way to give a different appearance to a room, or generate a special style. Accent pieces, while not the focal point of the area but offer to create the room together. Also you will discover lounge chairs in various sizes or dimensions and in various patterns, shapes and variations. Include accent items to perform the look of your lounge chairs and it may result in appearing it was made from a professional.
Every single lounge chairs are fun which can be placed in any space on your house. To be sure, choosing the suitable lounge chairs is more than in love with their styles. Most are basic alternative to make uninteresting space a basic decoration to have a different look in the house. The model and additionally the details of the oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs has to a long time, so taking into consideration the specific details and quality of construction of a certain product is a valuable solution. Beautifying with the help of oversized chaise lounge indoor chairs is perfectly for any individual, along with for each and every decor designs which you might want and also modify the appearance of the interior.
Tags: #double chaise lounge chairs indoor #double chaise lounge indoor furniture #oversized chaise lounge chairs indoorWhilst we all know there are certain dangers associated with the Internet and some inappropriate content, there is also plenty of useful, educational and fun content that we don’t want to deprive our children of. Living in the digital world today’s children are growing up in it is important to find the balance of using technology for entertainment, education and convenience while keeping our children safe and protected.
At Fundamentally Children we’ve put together a series of articles to provide you with tips on keeping your children safe online. We’ve highlighted the areas where parents may have concerns and provided details of the steps you can take to minimise the risk.
See our articles on:
- Preventing access to inappropriate content
- Grooming – advice for parents
- Our tips for avoiding cyber-bullying
- The dos and don’ts for children’s social media
- Avoiding illegal content download and sharing
There are two parts that work together to help keep your child safe online, which we have covered in our advice articles:
The technology solution
Parental controls and other technology options can really help to keep children safe. It’s important to understand what’s available, take time to set it up appropriately for your household and continue to update the settings as your children grow.
Easy ways to improve your internet safety
The parenting solution
At the end of the day, managing your child’s internet use and keeping them safe isn’t that different to any other kind of parenting.Don’t be worried that technology is this whole other world that your child understands, but you don’t.
Don’t be worried that technology is this whole other world that your child understands, but you don’t.
Think of it like a child driving a car. They could learn how to use the gear, pedals, etc. (just like they can use the internet), but in order to be safe they would need to learn the rules of the road too (for example, understand what information they shouldn’t share).
We can’t emphasise enough how important it is to talk to your children about issues relating to eSafety. Just like any other safety lessons you teach them as they grow up – what not to put in their mouths as babies, how to cross the road safely – from the earliest possible age it is important to introduce the concerns and responsibilities surrounding online usage.
Try to keep a dialogue going – continue to ask questions about what they and their friends are doing online and encourage them to share their experiences and concerns.
Try to keep a dialogue going – continue to ask questions about what they and their friends are doing online and encourage them to share their experiences and concerns.
Here are some general tips and ideas:
Try to keep a dialogue going – continue to ask questions about what they and their friends are doing online and encourage them to share their experiences and concerns.
- Ask them what sites or apps they’ve used that week and get them to tell you why they really liked them
- If you find your child accessing a site or using something you are not comfortable with online, try to suggest an alternative (where possible) that you are comfortable with, rather than just banning that particular site
- Use an article in the paper or a subject in a TV programme your child watches as a starting point for a discussion around internet safety
- Encourage them to never put anything online they wouldn’t say to someone’s face and wouldn’t want yourself or their teachers to see or hear. Being their friend/subscriber/follower may make your child more aware of this (just don’t comment on their posts – it’s embarrassing!)
- Get your children to understand some of your concerns (without terrifying them) using analogies to things they are familiar with
- Ask them to tell you immediately if they see or hear anything they feel uncomfortable with or think they shouldn’t be seeing. If this does happen you need to double check your safety settings
- Keep usage of the internet and mobile devices within communal parts of the house and keep an eye on what your child is using
The internet can be a great place for learning, sharing and communicating across the globe. Following some simple e-safety tips you will allow you child to make the most of what the internet has to offer.