57 charities have joined the McHenry County Human Race this year. The 5K walk/run will take place April 21 on Corporate Dr in McHenry at 9AM.
Individuals can register online until April 17 for $30 at. Offline registration can be managed at packet pick-up and the day of the race. Forms can also be downloaded at. Registration at packet pick up is $35. Packet pick up is April 19 from 1 to 5PM at the Environmental Defenders of McHenry County, 110 S Johnson St, Woodstock and April 20 at The Running Depot, 30 N Williams St, Crystal Lake 10 AM to 3PM. Race day registration and packet pick-up is at Affinia Under Vehicle Group from 7:30 AM until race time for $40.
Over 1000 individuals are expected to race this year. At registration, each individual designates which organization will receive the proceeds of their registration fee and any fundraising they choose to do.
Participating charities can also win cash prizes based on the support they receive in the Human Race: $600 to the charities that raises the most money; $400 to the charity with the most runners, the individual that raises the most money gets to give $400 to the charity of their choice; and the biggest team will give $250 to the charity of their choice. This year there is a total of $2,400 in cash prizes.
Medals will be given to all children 10. The top male and female will receive a prize and award. Medals will be given to the first three individuals to complete the race in the following categories: 10 to 14, 15-19, 20-24, 25-29, 30-34, 35-39, 40-44,45-49, 50-54, 55-59, 60-64,65-69, 70 and over. Alliance Inc,, Jail Brakers, Johnsburg High School Music Boosters, Lakeside Legacy Foundation, Little Angels Center for Exceptional Care, Main Stay Therapeutic Riding Program, McCAP (Mchenry county adult program), McHenry Area CHARACTER COUNTS, McHenry County College Fitness Center, McHenry County Community Foundation, McHenry County Historical Society, National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) McHenry County, Neighbors Food Pantry of Wonder Lake,, St. Paul Diaper Bank, who manages the Human Race. The organization also matches individuals and groups ready to take action to help organizations in need of manpower and provides a variety of nonprofit training which helps organizations look to the future. Visit, email info@volunteermchenrycounty.org or call 815-344-GIVE (4483)Today I’m back on Silhouette’s blog sharing my super duper easy peasy tea canister labels! As many of you know, I’m a tea addict. I even put together my own tea and coffee bar in my home so I’ll never run out of my favorite brews! To add more tea bag storage, I decided to upcycle some old Bath and Bodyworks candle jars using this tutorial here. They were a little plain, so I decided to add some bling with some adorable teacup decals!
Head on over to the Silhouette blog HERE to check out the full details!
KOWTOW Ritual Pant in Dark Green
- sold out
KOWTOW Ritual Pant in Dark Green
- sold out
Ritual Pant in Dark Green by Kowtow. Cropped pant with curved leg and front pleats, two side and two back panel pockets, button fly and elasticated back waistband. 100% premium certified organic fair trade cotton twill. Italian made recycled hemp buttons. Material: 100% premium certified organic fair trade cotton twill; Italian made recycled hemp buttons. Cropped pant with curved leg and front pleats. Elasticated back waistband. Imported!I hate it because sometimes it's painful-- sometimes I'm out of blades-- and the worst? Buying a new razor.
You buy the newest fancy dancy razor and it's only $12 and it even comes with an extra blade set! Wooo! But then you buy some extra blades to go with it and BAM-- $27 for a pack of four. AND when you go back to the store to buy some blades suddenly every razor looks like the other one and you don't know which blades to buy so you end up buying another razor for $12-- and man does it ever end??
Sure it would be no big deal, but do you really want to fill a landfill with your old used razors? And how many good shaves do you get out of those new style blades?
Here's the solution;
RAZOR ON AMAZON
Weishi 9306-c New Mithril Double Edge Safety Razor with 5 YJL Blades
This is the nicest razor I've shaved with in a long time-- and it's $13.
It's got good weight and it's a simple butterfly style razor so you can buy the straight edge blades in a pack of 50 for less than the price of a 4 pack of razors. And these last a lot longer
I also use a shaving brush-- which experts will tell you is the best way to apply shaving cream to your face, the brush actually adds air to the mixture making it foamier and causing the hair to stand up better on your face.
I use a simple badger brush (also $13 on amazon) a dollar store mug and I did buy a stand for both to keep things neat.
In the course of a year I did the math out and you save close to $200,000 using this razor.*
So jump on, take the plunge, go back to the razor that despite being recommended by Pawn Star vet Rick (he recommends a cheaper plastic one, this one is cheaper and metal), this does actually work!
*My math might be off a bit, but you will save money.AUSTIN - During his State of State address, Texas Governor Greg Abbott (R) laid out four emergency items he wanted lawmakers to tackle during the 85th Legislative Session, along with a host of other legislative priorities.
"While we are cleaning up government, we should end the practice of government deducting union dues from the paychecks of employees," Abbott said.
On the surface, the Governor's request seemed simple.
The state spends taxpayer dollars to deduct dues for professional organizations and unions for its employees. That includes first responders, teachers, even parole officers. The unions and associations lobby on members' behalf at the Capitol and often offer insurance, legal protection and training.
During the legislative session, the bill got a lot of pushback.
"SB13 is intended to silence teachers," one educator told lawmakers during a committee hearing.
In February, educators from across the state traveled to the Capitol to testify against the bill, saying it would take away one of the benefits the state provides them.
They also told lawmakers they felt like targets because the proposed legislation exempted collecting dues for first responders. Even first responders said it wasn't fair.
"Do not discriminate against teachers," Austin Police Association President Ken Casaday told lawmakers. "I think it's, it's horrible that we're even sitting here having this conversation."
The bill passed in the Senate, died in the House, but remained a priority for the governor. So when he called lawmakers back for a special session, he put ending the collection of dues on the agenda.
Senator Bryan Hughes (R-Mineola) and Representative Jason Isaac (R-Dripping Springs) will author bills to end the practice.
"I just don't think it's a good use of taxpayer dollars to collect those dues for people when in this day and age we have auto draft," Isaac said.
"Even if we're spending the littlest amount of money, it's money our taxpayers shouldn't be on the hook for," he added.
The Comptroller's Office says the state spends an "insignificant" amount of money to deduct the dues. That's state-speak for less than $1 million.
"I want a smaller, more efficient government and if we're spending $10 or $100 or $999,000 to do this, it's too much," Representative Isaac said.
Isaac said his bill will exempt first responders.
"They could be making a decision to help somebody and then ultimately be sued. So it's more about insurance and protection for them,' he explained.
"The last thing I want is any of our first responders to hesitate, even for a split second about providing care or protecting somebody because of the threat of a lawsuit," Isaac added.
But the feeling among many teachers remains the same. Isaac is already getting negative feedback about his intention to file the bill; perhaps a sign that this issue again will come with a fight at the Capitol.
Opponents of the issue point out that Section 659.108 of the Texas Constitution allows the state to withhold a fee from employees for withdrawing dues and argue rather than doing away with the practice, the state could start imposing a collection fee.
The special session starts July 18.
© 2018 KVUE-TV
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the
Conversation Guidelines and FAQsLocation, Office Hours and Parking
Our office is conveniently located in central Toronto at 830 Mount Pleasant Road, on the northwest corner of Roehampton Avenue and Mount Pleasant Road, one block north of Eglinton Avenue East.
Office hours are from 9:00 am. to 5:00 p.m. Monday to Friday, although if necessary, we will make ourselves available after-hours for you.
Our office has free parking on-site at the side of our building, off Roehampton Avenue and is easily accessed from the Toronto Transit Commissions’ subway system.London, May 2 (ANI): The sales of digital books rose by 54 percent in 2011, a publishing survey firm has revealed.
Figures released by the Publishers' Association (PA) show that the market for e-books, downloads and online subscriptions had increased to four times since 2007. In 2007, estimated earnings were pegged at 74 million pounds, and in 2012, this figure has rose to 243 million pounds.
Digital content now accounts for eight percent of the total value of book sales in 2011.
However, total book sales in the market worth 3.2 billion pounds fell by two percent while physical book sales dropped to five percent three billion pounds, according to the PA Statistical Yearbook.
"The story of the year is a decline in physical sales almost being compensated for by a strong performance in digital. That said, physical books remain the format of choice for the vast majority of British readers, underlining the continued importance of the high street sector," the BBC quoted PA Chief Executive Richard Mollett, as saying.
The report also noted that the number of high street book stores had almost halved in the last six years, with approximately 2,000 shops closing since 2006. (ANI)
Read More: A.k.market | N.t.p.c./sector-10 Faridabad | R.s.market | T.c.market | Raja J.n.market | K.sector | | K.r.high SchoolLa mejor modificación del Counter Strike en Español!!
this is a grenade replacement for counter strike and please enjoy :) and email me or send me a private message if you have problems and for you to enjoy more message me :) ~Dexter
Only registered members can share their thoughts. So come on! Join the community today (totally free - or sign in with your social account on the right) and join in the conversation.
WTF! Is that a Body spray (or... Something?)
yes it is it is gonna be your grenade!There are many misconceptions as to what hospice care is. Let the staff at the PruittCares Foundation help you understand the hospice concept so you can make an informed decision as to whether or not hospice is right for you.
Hospice care is a service provided to people who are terminally ill and have six months or less to live. It focuses on palliative (comfort) care. That means measures will be taken to alleviate pain and discomfort, but aggressive medical treatment for the purpose of prolonging life will not be given.
Hospice allows terminally-ill patients and their families to experience the end of life together in the comfort and security of home or a home-like setting. Hospice emphasizes the quality of life instead of its duration by treating the person physically, emotionally, socially and spiritually, instead of simply treating the disease. And it focuses on helping the entire family, instead of just the individual.
Hospice is covered by most insurance plans and is an option for those who qualify for Medicare and Medicaid benefits.
For more information about hospice, e-mail info@pruittcares.org or call (800) 956-5354.More...
1 1/8 x 7/8-inch Sterling Silver 4-Way Medal.
Comes as a ready-to-wear package with a 24 inch silver chain and a premium keepsake jewelry box.
A proud product of the USA.
When will it ship? This Catholic medal usually ships the next business day.
SKU: 17111
Add to Cart
1 1/8 x 1-inch Sterling Silver. Joan of Arc.
This St. Michael Visor Clip and Key Chain Italy is from the renowned Goldscheider collection.This piece features exquisite detail and the craftsmanship is guaranteed. Shipping is fully insured against loss or damage.When will it ship? This item ships the next business day.
Our St Chris/Ga Son Visor Clip features our money-back guarantee.
6mm Red Coral Round Faceted Swarovski Crystal Beads with Sterling Silver Miraculous Medal and Crucifix and 8mm Solid Sterling Sacred Heart Our Father Beads.
When does it ship? This item ships the next business day.
This Red Coral Round Faceted Swarovski Crystal Bead and Sterling Sacred Hearts is made in the USA.
SKU: 34371
2".5 oz. Sacred Heart of Jesus Glass Holy Water Bottle with Bonella Art. This Sacred Heart Glass Holy Water Bottle with Bonella Art features the CatholicShop.com money-back guarantee. Bottles do not contain Holy water.
SKU: 37381 Black Glamour: Wide Leg Jumpsuit
This is another clothing I fell in love with. I love the fit, the cut, the fabric.. Hope you enjoy this tutorial! xxx diyinspirationjumpsuitRoland Mouret
This is another clothing I fell in love with. I love the fit, the cut, the fabric.. Hope you enjoy this tutorial! xxx diyinspirationjumpsuitRoland Mouret […]
One […]
I […]
When […]
TOPCal Dive enters voluntary Chapter 11 proceedingsCompany News // March 5, 2015
Cal Dive International and its US subsidiaries have filed simultaneous voluntary petitions in the US Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware seeking relief under the provisions of Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code.
The company's foreign subsidiaries have not sought bankruptcy protection and will continue to operate outside of any reorganization proceedings. The company and its US subsidiaries will continue to operate their businesses as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court.
Through the Chapter 11 process, the Company will sell non-core assets and intends to reorganize or sell as a going concern its core subsea contracting business.
During the reorganization process, the company and its subsidiaries will continue to operate in the ordinary course, including completing the existing construction projects in Mexico for Pemex, and other ongoing diving and offshore construction projects for its customers worldwide.
The company anticipates no disruption in its services and its focus remains on delivering excellent project execution and safety performance for its customers.
The company has received a commitment for up to US$120.0 million in debtor-in-possession (DIP) financing from its current first lien lenders led by Bank of America, which will immediately provide additional liquidity to continue its operations during the Chapter 11 process.
The DIP financing, which is subject to court approval, will provide adequate funds for post-petition supplier and employee obligations, as well as the company's ongoing operations needs during the Chapter 11 process.
Commenting on the filing, Cal Dive's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Quinn Hebert, said: "Our business has experienced several adverse events that were beyond our control, and with our current capital structure, we are no longer able to financially withstand the industry downturn.
"In 2014, our financial performance suffered primarily as a result of delays caused by the suspension of two large projects, weather disruptions and delays caused by other contractors.
"Because these contracts contain milestone billing provisions, these delays and suspensions impeded our ability to invoice and collect payment for work performed, significantly impairing our liquidity which had already been reduced by declining industry conditions over the past several years.
"Our efforts to negotiate additional financing to fund business activities and pursue identified strategic alternatives were further impeded when oil prices plummeted, creating an additional, unexpected obstacle to our restructuring efforts.
"After considering several alternatives, we felt the Chapter 11 process was the most effective way to maximize value for our stakeholders."
Mr Hebert continued: "We are committed to meeting the challenges of our industry head on. By availing ourselves of the Chapter 11 process, we can achieve an orderly restructuring for our business that has consistently produced competitive results under a more favourable capital structure."
More articles from this categoryThe "Kremerata Baltica" orchestra directed by Gidon Kremer will perform this Monday at the Moscow International Music Hall (MMDM) for the opening of the first International Moscow "Theater of Sound" festival.
According to the MMDM's press service, "'Theater of Sound' is a conventional name, that defines an open space of dialogue between music and theater, as well as a dialogue between various cultures on stage."
Representatives of the international cultural community: actors, producers, musicians, theater and music critics and representatives of record companies will attend the festival. The festival will include recitals, press conferences and roundtable discussions.
On the opening day, Kremer's orchestra will perform musical compositions by Bach, Vustin, Nyman and many other prominent composers.
Since 1992, Kremer's orchestra has performed in Europe, the U.S. and Asia. His repertoire includes contemporary music by Russian and Eastern European composers such as Alfred Shnitke, Arvo Part, Sofiya GubaydWelcome to the new “The Table Trail” blog! I thought it was time for a face lift and with a new venture on my mind, I wanted to give my little space on this big world wide web a fresh start. So, with that being said…It feels a little crazy, a bit surreal, a lot exciting, and slightly nerve-wracking but…I’m thrilled to let you know all know that I am starting to write a cookbook! The Table Trail Cookbook, to be exact!
It’s not the biggest announcement or maybe the most exciting, but for me, this is a dream coming to real life and I hope you join me on this journey. Before we even embarked on our trip, I had this idea to get to know people through food. Just like we connect and gather with our friends and family here with the table as our platform and a meal as something to share, we wanted to create that same mentality of sharing and gathering with people from around the world. Or, at least connecting on some level because of the food that was in front of us. So, with those thoughts in my mind, I made it a point to gather recipe upon recipe as well as write down memorable dishes we had with the idea to recreate the flavors and relive the memories. Now, it’s time for me to put them on paper and share them with you all in hopes that with this cookbook as your guide, we can travel the world together…one table and one delicious dish at a time!
I have created a new section of my blog called “The Cookbook Journal” and in that space, I will share with you my stories of this journey. You can read all about my hopes and dreams for this cookbook and how it came about here.
So, that’s it! That is my big announcement and this will be a piece of my heart, a part of our trip and I promise to pour my heart and soul into this passion project of mine. Will you join me on this journey? Will you be my recipe testers, my advice givers, my ingredient suggesters, my support system as I figure all this out??? Because honestly, I have NO idea what the heck I am doing! If you would like to join me, please click here. I so so appreciate you and I am excited for the next chapter.
Until next time,
Lisa CallWinner of a Pulitzer Prize for Poetry, Robert Frost was born on 26th March and I just missed on to mention here. You can find the profile of Robert Frost on Literature pages here.
Well, the American Editors rejected the Poetry of Robert Frost. He attended the Dartmouth and Harvard but never earned a degree.
For I have had too much
Of apple-picking: I am overtired
Of the great harvest I myself desired!
A cheerful and descriptive poetry style of writing yet Robert Frost's poetry reflected dark side of life and thoughtful musings on life. As clear from his one poem "Apple Picking", Robert Frost considers how life has been experienced fully but with regrets and mistakes. While picking apples, the poet feels exhausted and here's as you read, it reminds of the school days as you jot down the Central Idea of the poem. Written with unrhymed iambic pentameter again, blank verse - some lines in soothing rhythm and some stop short.
Ask a student who appears for the schools exams and there's a confusion between a Central Idea and a Character Sketch. No, really I mean it as it so happens, the children are over-burden with the examination pressure and they end up confused when actually they have to write the Central Idea, they end up writing Character sketch while doing revisions. Understanding the Questions is too important to reply - Answers come with clarity of Understanding.
First week of April are examinations days and here's examination tips for all school going students.
- ilaxi patel
Editor, Kidsfreesouls.com
Newspaper for Kids with Resources for parents and teachersI am sure some holistic superstar passed out when they read that, I, Ms. Vegan Fitness Incorporated was somewhere sleeping late and drinking coconut Ciroc. (Did I mention the overload on Starbucks, white pasta AND white bread, red wine, margaritas, clubbing until the wee hours of the morning and going to the beach WITHOUT suntan lotion?) Likewise, some person who is on the fence about, well, everything, read that information and probably figured since it was o.k. for “me” to do it and I seem pretty healthy, then they should be alright to do it as well. I mean, who was I to judge while I was all down there partying with the Miami Heat fans after the championship? (Yep, that part was irrelevant but it was so fun!)
It is my job to judge anyone. And I would hope no one would judge me. But it doesn’t really matter because that’s the ONLY part of the story you heard. It’s sort of like our weight loss journey. We get the ONE part of the story that sounds good, try to use it to our advantage, get disappointed when the real truth is revealed and then go in search of another “truth” (that belongs to someone else) to attach ourselves to and reach for someone else’s life. It’s time to ask yourself….what’s going to complete YOU and how are you going to go about putting the pieces together with your OWN truth?
From my days as a psychology student, one of the terms I remember the most is “Gestalt.” It means “circle”, if you will, or that “the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.” The Gestalt theory is that the brain is holistic, parallel and analog. We see things as a whole before we break down the individual parts. Getting into the theory is where the breaking down of the parts occur. But the word “holistic” is essential here but I believe my weekend is part of a bigger picture.
What I didn’t mention was the nice, organic restaurant I walked over a half mile to daily and had lunch; sometimes with tofu, sometimes with grilled eggplant, sometimes with brown rice (all the time with avocado), and the fresh juice and smoothies I drank while eating there. I walked at least two miles to see the movie “Soul Food Junkies” (when it’s released you should really see it), had amazing Thai gingered veggies for dinner one night and went to bed at 8:30 p.m., prayed on the beach, had at least two salads in addition to all of that and I was drinking Starbucks (where I walked) with my oatmeal (not many vegan breakfast options), when I got caught in the pouring down rain (I know, right?) and when I was trying to get rid of a headache. I came straight home, slept for 30 minutes and went back out to church. I also have a workout date scheduled for tomorrow, teach Zumba tomorrow evening and have dance practice after that. What I am saying is the first paragraph of this blog represents a VERY SMALL portion of my life. My life is a holistic Gestalt. I know what works for me and what doesn’t. I know how to balance the things I do in excess (and I try not to do anything in excess on purpose) and my general life is one of exercise, healthy eating and love. And I got to do all of that this weekend. But some people will only see the coconut Ciroc and margaritas because they are looking for a reason NOT to make healthy choices a part of their daily Gestalt.
There is NO WAY I could do what I did this weekend every day. Or every weekend. Or, for me, every month. I know Tasha and I encourage you to start thinking about how you want to live your LIFE instead of grabbing at different parts (others’ parts) trying to make a story out of sentences that don’t make sense for you. If you did what I did this weekend but you went home, decided to do it again next weekend, didn’t eat a vegetable for six weeks, didn’t exercise for six months and drank six ounces of water a day but wanted to know why the Slim Fast you were drinking for breakfast wasn’t working then you have to start pulling your parts out, the untruths, the fantasies and look at your bigger picture. What is it that you REALLY want? What do you want to accomplish?
I want to live a happy, healthy, life. That’s my truth. That’s how I live in my circle. How do you want to live yours?Lanza P3
Product Code : Lanza P3
Category : Panel CUTTING Saw
Subcategory : CNC PANEL SIZING MACHINE
Lanza P3 Panel Sizing Machine rapidly prepares the cutting plan by minimizing waste calculations and guides the operator with its optimization and manual cutting options with the capacity of 3-plate (maximum 65 mm) cutting height. Electro Sizer program and that could be supported with an office program if requested.
Besides Turkish, the program offers other language options. Remote access is available via Internet. Optimization program and barcode machine is provided as a standard.
TECHNICAL DETAILS:Sunday marked the end of the 17-day run of cinema highlights, better known as the New York Film Festival. The 53rd annual festival began September 25 and wrapped up Sunday with the world premiere of Miles Ahead. The NYFF not only highlights the best in international cinema, but it features top productions from some of the world’s most decorated filmmakers as well as acknowledges new talent. This year’s selection committee was chaired by Kent Jones and included Dennis Lim, Marian Masone, Gavin Smith and Amy Taubin.
The Miles Ahead world premiere put a big exclamation point on the 2015 NYFF. Shown on Saturday in Alice Tully Hall at Lincoln Center, the film took viewers on a biographical and dramatic exploration of Miles Davis‘s life and music. Don Cheadle, Ewan McGregor, Emayatzy Corinealdi, Michael Stuhlbarg and Keith Stanfield were among the cast members and guests present.
Also closing out the NYFF on Friday evening at Alice Tully Hall was a screening of Carol. The film is set in New York during the 1950s featuring a clerk in a department store who dreams of a bigger and better life then falls for an older, married woman. Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara co-star in this romantic drama. Among those at the showing were Sandra Bernhard, Carter Burwell, Corey Michael Smith, Todd Haynes and Phyllis Nagy.
Photos by ©Patrick McMullanOnce called “a solution looking for a problem,” the laser beam has a plethora of applications that will soon revolutionize everything. As a matter of fact, it’s already doing that. Laser beams were (and still are) a staple in science fiction movies like Star Wars to Battlestar Galactica. The laser has graced futuristic movies predominantly as a weapon, and there’s so much more it can do. Let’s take a look at some of the real-life uses of laser beams.SO0561 : Old and new in Llandrindod Wells
taken 8 years ago, near to Llandrindod Wells, Powys, Great Britain
Old and new in Llandrindod Wells
A family hardware firm sits next to the newest entrant onto the British High Street, Santander. An ex-Abbey National bank branch..
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- SO0561, 425 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- Jonathan Billinger (find more nearby)
- Date Taken
- Monday, 18 January, 2010 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Monday, 25 January, 2010
- Category
- Town scene (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
SO 059 611 [100m precision]
WGS84: 52:14.4119N 3:22.7618W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
SO 059<<Jumbo Contacts enables you to check out your handle book contacts in straightforward-on-the-eyes format applying massive fonts.Jumbo Contacts operates seamlessly with your current contacts. It uses the identical deal with book as the process contacts application therefore you needn't import ...
œI make illegible fonts œTORIUO and BOLD alphabets, HIRAGANA and figures are concluded.I'll ... This app contains illustrations of animal motives The illustrations are drawn with a number of touches as squashy colored pencils and floral ...
each day-tarot-girl.com is a participant inside the Amazon Companies LLC Associates Program, an affiliate promotion application made to offer a usually means for web sites to generate advertising charges by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Day-to-day Tarot Obstacle: When you realized success was Unquestionably 100% assured, what significant danger would you are taking? How can you have a very small threat towards that action right now?
by Mary Greer – That is a wonderful book that provides deep insights on the temperament, life and journey according to your “delivery card”.
To enter, just fill out the shape at the bottom from the put up. It is possible to gain an additional entry by leaving a remark about your practical experience with tarot, how you need to implement tarot within your writing course of action, or possibly a book you read that contained Tarot. Make sure you Take note this giveaway is US only.
Flash Card Manufacturing unit is a unique and entertaining computer software of serving to you to definitely learn new vocabularies. Flash Card Manufacturing unit is a unique and enjoyable software of aiding you to definitely learn new vocabularies.
Begin with A 3-Card Spread. A 3-card Free Book to Learn Tarot distribute is great for divining answers to uncomplicated questions, for refocusing on simplicity an for novices that have just started off reading. Assign the positions in advance, lay out your spread and use what you've learned about card meanings and combinations to tell a Tale.
The many cards in a distribute are very important and variety Section of the story to finish the picture, but when there's a huge proportion of majors it always details to a major event.
As I said earlier mentioned, this record is in no way entire. I revise my listing typically for the reason that While there are the classics that stand the exam of time, Additionally, there are great items popping out from our proficient tarot Local community imp source constantly.
Having said that, in my deck, I come about to possess Swords, Cups, Batons, and Cash. I don’t know why it’s distinct, and it has been throwing me off Once i browse up on Tarot card readings on the web. Is there a means I can substitute the Batons and Coins for something else when looking at?
Interlex assists you learn vocabulary rapidly and easily in around 30 languages. Interlex is often a freeware vocabulary builder that helps you learn foreign terms and phrases speedily and simply. The program is developed close to a simple idea: first you compile a list ...
Dear Kate, I just adore the best way you are doing your tarot and oracle card readings. I contain the Tao Oracle Deck and I’m learning from you by seeing your vids on YouTube. I’m carrying out incredibly very well with them. I also need to check with you kate, does one at any time blend up your tarot playing cards wherever a number of them are the other way up, and do the readings for the reverse Portion of the cards?
Allie, this tends to make me so happy! Thanks for sharing read more your reading experience here And that i’m glad my short article assisted you need to do certainly one of your very best readings nevertheless I adore it After i obtain the tingles during a studying and there’s nothing at all a lot better than coming from a studying sensation calmer and happier than before
Introducing, President Elect Obama…’.
I have to admit I didn’t know what filibuster meant until They Might Be Giants sang about it. I am a nerd.
Also, I have been thanking The Universe all week as well.
Also, I have made a few jokes about getting fired for insubordination and then going on welfare. Not saying I’m GOING to do that… just saying…. I watched this week’s South Park…. and, uh, yeah. Yeah.
So, I realize I’m late and all, but the news came in a few days after the election…
(backstory) I live in Omaha, Nebraska, located in the second district (of 3 in our state). The second district is TINY, just us in Douglas County and our southern suburbs in Sarpy County. Sarpy County is the home of Offutt Air Force Base and is quite republican. Nebraska is one of two states (the other is Maine) that will split the electoral vote.
WE DID IT. We gave Obama an electoral vote! Not that he needed it, but for the first time ever, we show up as a tiny blue dot in the eastern part of Nebraska. And I was a part of it! I can’t believe it still. But its true. Check it out:
Thanks for the awesome blog!
“raining donuts” man that was good, I wish I had thought of that one. Your site in interesting, found it a good read and informative, funny, just too good to be true, honest.
I live in Oklahoma, we are neighbors ……
Stay with it, it is great.
Don Smith1 Day Arrival in ISTANBUL from ATATURK INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT. Transfer to your hotel in Sultanahmet.
2 Day 08:30 After breakfast, you will tour the Ottoman and Byzantine parts of Istanbul ST.SOPHIA; It was built by the emperor Constantine the Great in the 4th century. It is the third largest basilica in the world and famous for its mosaics. BLUE MOSQUE; Built by Mehmet Emin A𡬠a famous Ottoman architect, by order of Sultan Ahmet III in the 16th century, it is the only mosque with six minarets in Istanbul. It is called the Blue Mosque because of the color of the precious Iznik tiles which decorate the interior. HIPPODROME; The Old Hippodrome. There are three masterpieces here in the place where horse races were held in ancient Byzantia: the Theodosius Obelisk, the Bronze Serpent Column and the Column of Constantine. Lunch in Sultanahmet TOPKAPI PALACE; The palace where the Ottoman Sultans lived from the 15th to the 19th centuries. With its kitchen full of various samples of crystal, gold, silver and china porcelains and the Ottoman Treasury containing precious objects decorated with emeralds, pearls, diamonds, rubies, sapphires, and jade, this is the most important historical landmark in Istanbul. The jewels include an eighty-six karat diamond and an uncut emerald weighing more than seven pounds! You can also see a throne made of solid gold, a gift to Sultan Mahmud I (1730-1754) from Persia. GRAND COVERED BAZAAR; A historical shopping place with more than 4000 shops inside, it has a wonderful ambience where you can find gold processing handicraft, hand-woven carpets, hand-painted ceramics, onyx and other unusual items for gifts. 16:30 End of the tour, return to hotel.
3.Day 08:20 After breakfast, tour the Bosphorus and Asian side SPICE BAZAAR (EGYPTIAN BAZAAR); A traditional historical marketplace where you can experience heavenly aromas and buy any spice you can image. BOSPHORUS ON BOAT A traditional boat tour through the waterway separating Asia and Europe. Along the way you will see the old Ottoman wooden mansions, marble places and small fishing villages, located along the Asian and European sides. Do not miss important sightseeing spots at the Bosphorus like Dolmabah祠 Place, Rumeli Fortress and Beylerbeyi. RUMELI FORTRESS The Fortress was built in 1452 to control and protect the Bosphorus by order of Sultan Mehmet the Conqueror in 1452. Construction took only four months. It is the most beautiful example of military architecture in the world. BOSPHORUS BRIDGE; The only bridge in the world spanning two continents: Asia and Europe. BEYLERBEYI PALACE; Once famous fir its original historical furniture, superb garden and harem, it was the summer palace of the Ottoman Sultans. CAMLICA HILL; The highest spot in Istanbul. A perfect place for you to see the whole of Istanbul and the Bosphorus. A magnificent panorama. 16:30 End of the tour return to hotel , 20:30 Dinner with Turkish Show ( Belly Dancers, Singers, Folkloric Dances ... ) 24:00 Return to hotel.
4.Day Check out from the hotel and transfer to airport,On Wednesday, His Holiness the Dalai Lama traveled to Madison, Wisconsin for Change Your Mind, Change the World 2013.
In the video above, watch his panel discussion on Science, Happiness and Well-being, moderated by Arianna.
He also spoke about global health and well-being, which can be viewed below.
Watch Change Your Mind Change the World, Part 1 on PBS. See more from WPT Presents.Tigers Reign Has Suffolk AA Champions/
By Janee Law
jlaw@longislandergroup.com
The Northport girls soccer team is the Suffolk AA champion after defeating Smithtown West, 3-0, on Tuesday.
The top-seeded Northport girls soccer team now reign as Suffolk Class AA champions after a 3-0 victory over second-seeded Smithtown West on Tuesday.
After a scoreless first half, Tigers coach Aija Gipp said she discussed strategies with the team during half time to prepare them for the second half.
“In the first half we played very defensive, and we didn’t attack enough,” Gipp said. “Smithtown West had a penalty kick in the first minute of the second half and, after our keeper saved it, I think it just energized the team. They started to step up their play and started to attack better.”
Tigers junior forward Victoria Colatosti gave the team the lead with 23 minutes remaining in the second half.
“Victoria was inside the 18-yard box and her composure to take the touch and look for that shot was key for us,” Gipp said. “Instead of rushing it, she had the second to set herself up and then find the corners. I think that goal just allowed the team to relax, play their game and work the ball around so that’s why it resulted in more goals.”
Junior midfielder Emily McNelis scored the second goal with nine minutes remaining and junior forward Emily Zeblisky buried the game, scoring a goal with four minutes left to play.
Senior forward Leah Dentale, sophomore forward Paige Leonard and junior forward Juliana Conforti each had an assist to push the Tigers (18-1) forward. Junior goalkeeper Emma Havrilla made 11 saves.
Last season, the Tigers lost in the semifinal round in penalty kicks to West Islip. Gipp said that loss inspired the team to reach this year’s county finals.
“It’s definitely what motivates us,” Gipp said. “It was great to have the whole team experience it and that motivation to get back [to the county finals] is what’s really driven them all season.”
Although the team struggled in the beginning of the postseason to score goals -- the Tigers scored two total goals in the two games leading up to the county final -- Gipp said they’ve “found the back of the net at the right time.”
She added, “To be able to score three goals in the county finals, it really gives us confidence going forward.”
The Tigers are set to face Nassau’s AA champion, Massapequa, tomorrow in the Long Island championship game. It’s slated for 6:30 p.m. at the St. Joseph’s College Athletic Complex in Patchogue. There will be a $7 admission wee.
Gipp said the goal for the Tigers is to focus on their team strategy.
“We want to make sure that we’re marking up tight, that we’re moving the ball and we’re playing quickly through the midfield,” she said. “When our defense can hold it off and our attack can follow through, we have a well-rounded team.” PhD team then sent the charcoal flakes to a lab for carbon dating, and found that the pieces date back approximately between 13,613 to 14,086 years ago, thousands of years before Egypt built its pyramids. civilisations,ised through archaeological digs.
“This find is very important because it reaffirms a lot of the history that our people have been talking about for thousands of years,” William Housty, a member of Heiltsuk Nation, told CBC News.Kourtney Kardashian’s Been Wearing The Same Mascara Since College
If it ain't broke...
When it comes to celebrity-approved make-up, it’s the products that they buy again and again (not the #spon instagrams!) that we really want to hear about. So when we recently learnt that Kourtney Kardashian has been using the SAME mascara for over 15 years – we knew it must be a good’un.
Speaking about her beauty routine on her app, Kourtney explained: “I don’t wear much make-up when I’m on holiday and usually go for a more natural vibe” before adding “When it comes to mascara, I have used Lancôme ever since college.” While holidaying, Kourtney revealed she will use both the regular mascara in black and its waterproof version.
And which miracle Lancôme mascara is it you ask? Well it’s Lancôme’s Hypnose Buildable Volume Mascara, £24.50 and we can confirm: it’s 100% worth the hype.
It’s got such a buildable formula meaning you can layer it up and essentially get 6x more volume without clumping or caking. Plus it’s enriched with Pro-Vitamin B5 meaning lashes feel supple and soft, too.
We LAVVV it, and can totally see what Kourt does too.
my throats hurts from yelling CAVS
A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on
Tried it? Let us know what you think over @lookmagazineDue to reasons beyond their control, Joni and Mike got married sooner then they expected, and they didn't get a lot of wedding portraits. Joni contacted me from her deer stand one day to see if I would be able to do some post-wedding portraits of them in their deer plots and around some turkey decoys. She even texted me a picture or two to let me see what we would be working with, and I happily agreed to meet them a few days later. I've done a lot of editorial photos in deer plots before, but this was the first time I ever had a bride and groom fully decked out as if it were their wedding day..Just back at my desk, about to start work on my weekly Sunday Mercury column and I have been stopped in my tracks.
But this time it isn’t the telephone ringing.
No, this time, it’s ... a constipated lion.
I kid you not.
Up here on the sixth floor of Fort Dunlop – the iconic building you can see as you fly across the M6 travelling in and out of Brum – I have been stopped in my tracks by a constipated lion.
From Dudley Zoo, no less.
Apparently the digestion-challenged King of the Jungle is enjoying a glittering success.
Intrigued, I halt my typing to find out more.
And I can now report that I have just learned something startling.
If you put edible glitter in a lion’s food, it enables you to identify whether or not they are able to poo again.
The zoo proudly announces that Mwamba, a 200kg Asiatic lion, is enjoying a glittering success because he is able to poo properly once more. Well done, my furry friend. Great news. We won’t hold the front page, though.
Hopefully, Mwamba’s passing problem won’t have affected his roar.
Mercedes Benz must feel confident that their flash cars are full of phwoar.
They can be macho even when promoted by a load of chickens.
Beaks poised, the feather-light chicks have been filmed throwing a few shapes to Diana Ross’s 1980 disco anthem Upside Down in the car-maker’s latest big budget campaign.
Thanks to computer trickery, the funky chickens barely bat an eyelid as their bodies are twisted and turned to the beat of the music.
It’s all part of the mean machine’s magic body control, according to the ads.
The commercials are being hailed as a roaring success. Unlike a Chinese restaurant’s bid to win new customers by hanging giant naked Buddhas off the top of their building.
Li Tsui hoped the 50ft statues would entice diners into his eatery to try his Fotiaoqiang soup (which translates as ‘Buddha leaps off the wall’ and is a reference to an ancient Chinese tale featuring the selfsame act).
But he was ordered to take them down only two days after putting them up in the Shangdong province.
Buddhists, known for their peaceful ways, were so angered that they began protesting outside.
The bare-bummed Buddhas should be melted down to create gongs to present to Ant and Dec for another 25 years.
There are fears there may not be enough plastic to keep up with demand for creating the awards the Geordies win every year.
Entrepreneurs have been discussing plans to create a company specialising in custom-made gongs for the presenters, who won the Landmark award at last week’s National Television Awards, bringing their total of NTA awards to 23.
They might call on the 50p Man from Benefits Street to help them when he finishes meeting the Dragons’ Den judges.
But if Ant and Dec really want to stand out from the crowd, then they should take some advice from Hollywood star Emma Thompson.
The 54-year-old award winning actress won new fans across the globe when she “photobombed” Lupita Nyong’o at the SAG awards.
Rivalling Jennifer Lawrence’s phenomenal Golden Globes “photobomb” face, Thompson appeared behind the graceful 12 Years A Slave actress on the red carpet and pulled her explosive expression.
The result was dazzling, maybe even brighter than a Dudley lion’s poo!wedding rings. Tuesday , June 06th , 2017 - 12:53:44 PM
During the Renaissance, it was generally accepted that the "ring finger" located on the left hand contained the "vena amoris", also known as the love vein.
Brides have to look their best during their special event and this is why they have to make the right choices. There are a number of things you must consider from the start and each of them is going to play an important role in the final outcome. If you are not willing to compromise on your choices, you have to focus on the traits of the items.
The jewelry you purchase should have a certified diamond. It is obligatory for the jeweler to give you a certificate of guarantee with the purchase. You must also ensure that the certificate contains all the details of the item and the diamond in particular. Certified jewelry gives one the assurance about its authenticity. Lab-created diamonds are also used in jewelry. Therefore, you need to know not all diamonds used would be in the purest.Music is my life my life is music
Why you know that ain’t the truth, sugar but I tell you what the past week and a half my dreams have featured music blaring. Big time.
Most mornings I’ve been waking with Psmith’s Rocknroll nigger in my head, and can you spare a thought for the disturbance felt when I just woke up with the so-called Babelogue (oh brother that's some kool term) of said song going round and round my poor old noggin.
Then last night I had this dream which was meant to be set in friends’ house in Mel but their house had turned into this extraordinary Laurel Canyon mansion complete with sweeping driveway, conversation pits, sandstone fireplaces and decoratively balustraded staircase, no I was not sliding down its banisters and honking horns Harpo Marx style that was the week before.
It was a swinging party, almost as good as the real one I went to last week, alas sans vision in pink tutu, frou frou and grey tights but that's for another post. Oh and everyone I didn’t know was at dream party. Unfortunately no Warren Beatty but there was Jamie C begging to put his hand in people’s pockets.
Anyway, that dream featured two songs blaring: Brand new Key and ruddy Congratulations (boom boom boom) and has left me somewhat distrait.
2 comments:
Psmith was one of Pgwoodhouse's best characters, I always pthought
Did you? I always found him a bit dicky.Plumbing emergencies are inevitable in our homes and offices, and they mostly occur at the most inconvenient time. Your water heater may stop heating water once you enter your shower. Your dishwasher may break down when you are cleaning up dishes after dinner. Your toilet may start running, or the drain may clog when you are leaving for work, or one of your pipes may leak or burst during the night. Before you contact an emergency plumbing service in case of such situation, you should turn off your water supply. In the event of a leaky faucet, broken pipe, or faulty water heater, ensure that you discontinue the flow of water. Turning off the supply of water will reduce water wastage and prevent high charges on your monthly water bill. However, by doing this, you will also prevent any flooding event if there is a severe leakage.
Most popular plumbing services will provide you with the best emergency repairs, replacements, and maintenance to help you avoid damage in case of a leak or clog. If an emergency occurs, it is comforting to have a plumbing service on speed dial to fix your plumbing issues before they worsen. Here are reasons to call an emergency plumber to your home or business.
Gas Leaks
If you happen to smell gas or suspect a gas leak in your home, you should first switch off the main valve and then call an emergency plumber. If you leave a gas leak unattended, it can lead to serious injury and massive damage to property. So it’s important to contact an emergency plumber immediately you smell gas.
Sewer Backups
The sewer line is responsible for removing all the waste from your home and piping it to the sewer that’s beneath your street. In case your sewer is invaded by tree roots or becomes corroded, it can break, and this calls for the attention of a professional plumber. You can identify a sewer backup by clogged drains, uneven levels of water in the toilets, stains in the basement and a foul smell in your home. In case you find yourself experiencing any or all these signs, you should contact a DC emergency Plumber to investigate the situation as soon as possible.
Broken And Leaking Pipes
If you experience broken or leaking pipes, you should first turn off the main water valve and then contact an emergency plumber. If you can’t locate your main water valve, contact a plumber to check out your home and also enlighten you on the valves to turn off in cases of emergency. Broken or leaking pipes should always be repaired or replaced by a professional. To fix the leaks temporarily, you can put rags around the leaking pipes and buckets under the dripping pipes to collect the water and prevent further damage.
Broken Heating System
Central heating issues often become emergencies if they happen during cold seasons and especially in homes with older people, young children, or people with severe health conditions. Some of the heating problems can be fixed quickly, such as an empty oil tank, a thermostat that’s switched off and a tripped circuit breaker. If you check all these and can’t find the reason behind the heating system failure, the next step is to call an emergency plumber.
In conclusion, if any of these emergencies happen to pop up in your home, contact a DC emergency plumber for professional help without hesitation. Listen to any advice given to you by the plumber and take care of the plumbing situation before help arrives.Search Consultancy in the running for awards duo
Published: 30 Aug 2016 By Search Consultancy - Founding Partner
LoveLocalJobs.com are happy to share the latest news from our Founding Partner Search Consultancy.
Leading recruitment agency Search Consultancy, which has an office in Crawley, has been shortlisted for two prestigious recruitment awards.
Search is in the running for the ‘Most Effective Professional Development Programme’ accolade in the Recruiter’s Investing in Talent Awards, as well as ‘Best Photography or Illustration’ in The Drum’s Recruitment Business Awards.
Debbie Caswell, Search Consultancy’s managing director for England, said: “We’re dedicated to finding the best candidates for our clients and that starts with ensuring our employees are the best they can be. We are very proud of our fantastic professional development programme and delighted that it has been shortlisted as one of the best in the recruitment business.
“We’ve also worked tirelessly to update our photography, which will be now be used across all of our marketing materials. It will help to strengthen our identity and we hope it will have a huge impact.
“Being shortlisted for these respected industry awards is credit to the hard work and dedication of all our employees in our offices across the UK.”
The ‘Most Effective Professional Development Programme’ title is awarded to the recruitment agency that offers the most effective professional development to employees in terms of measurable business success.
Search has invested in a robust development programme to enable all employees to realise their full potential. Each member of staff undergoes ‘Be Exceptional Search Training’ which assesses every aspect of their role and provides them with a coaching plan, overseen by a senior member of the team.
The Drum’s ‘Best Photography or Illustration’ award recognises creative photography used both externally and internally within a business.
Search developed new photography which could be easily adapted for each of its 30 divisions. Its team of in-house graphic designers created miniature models and shot more than 60 different scenes to convey each of the sectors it recruits across.
Debbie added: “The awards nominations have been a huge boost to all of our teams and are a fantastic incentive to continually ensure we offer a first-class service to our clients and create a workplace environment that encourages our staff to continually develop their skills.”
Search Consultancy has 13 offices across the UK and provides specialist recruitment services across a range of sectors including call and contact centres, construction, financial services and healthcare.Jia Zhangke is a prominent name in Chinese independent film industry, whose films have received critical praise and have been recognized internationally. In his films, Jia tends to focus on humanity and narrate stories in a documentary way rather than using magic realism. His films treat themes of alienated youth, contemporary Chinese history and globalization. NPR critic John Powers described him as perhaps “the most important filmmaker working in the world today.” German critic Ulrich Gregor also acclaimed Jia “a beacon of hope for Asian cinema”
In 1993, Jia enrolled in Beijing Film Academy, as a film theory major, giving him access to both western and eastern classics, as well as an extensive film library. He finished his first short film Xiaoshan Going Home during his studying which won the top prize at the 1997 Hong Kong Independent Short Film& Video Awards as well as brought him to the attention of the film world. At the same year, his first feature film Xiao Wu screened in the “Forum” section at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival. Cahiers du Cinéma reviewed Xiaowu “is out of the traditional Chinese film, a symbol of Chinese film revival and vitality.”
As Jia’s early films were made out of China’s state-run bureaucracy, they are considered “underground” films. Until 2004, his The World, was well received both abroad and surprisingly by Chinese government. However, the shift to legitimacy did not blunt his critical eye, The World still presents a unique understanding of Chinese society.
In 2006, his Still Life won the Golden Lion at the 63rd Venice International Film Festival. The film is about two strangers searching for their spouses in the backdrop of Three Gorges Dam, their parallel quests for their beloved missing ones signify the urgency to retrieve what lies hidden in the past, as man is dwarfed by an ever-changing landscape which threatens to bury one’s memories deep under water.
Jia Zhangke’s films have his own world as well as consider the meaning of world-changing, as he said “I would love to care about ordinary people’s lives in my films, to respect secular society, to feel the joy and heaviness of every life.”..
Lala1 (lä),USA pronunciation n., [Music.]
- the syllable used for the sixth tone of a diatonic scale.
- (in the fixed system of solmization) the tone A. Cf. sol-fa (def. 1)..
La Z Boy
- Resource Furniture Pricing
- Wooden Craft Boxes
- Wooden Jewelry Boxes Wholesale
- La Furniture Reviews
- Wooden Paper Towel Holder With Shelf
- Asphalt Shingles Roof
- Roofing Contractors Mississauga
- Timberland Wood Floors
- Regal Kitchen Pro Breadmaker K6743
- Ford Mustang Glass Roof
- Glass Mosaic Tile Backsplash
- Houses With 7 Bedrooms
- Corrugated Metal Deck Concrete Floor
- One Bedroom Apartments Bakersfield Ca
- Martini Kitchen Richmond Va
- Ikea Teenage Bedroom
- Industrial Furniture Philadelphia
- Roof It Sealer
- Olive Garden Darden
- Furniture San Francisco
- 1 Bedroom Apartments In Decatur Ga
- How To Clean Bathroom Floor
- Hilton Garden Inn Victorville
- Wooden House Plans
- Fire On Ice Floor MusicI Dream of Cakes is a New York City home based cake business. Our specialties are fondant cakes and cupcakes for all occasions (birthdays, bridal and baby showers, weddings, bachelor and bachelorette parties, adult themed cakes, engagement parties, retirement parties, graduations, baptisms and many more.) We service and deliver to Manhattan, Brooklyn, The Bronx, Queens and Westchester County.
Are you looking for a beautifully decorated and delicious cake or other delightful treats? If so, you've stopped at the right place. Just Inquire!Broad emerging-market stock ETFs are on a tear as economic growth resumes around the world.
Some analysts say the emerging-markets sector looks poised to return to the peak levels of late 2007, just before the global economic crisis hit.
In this article, Barron’s columnist Murray Coleman looks at the trading results of some of the biggest emerging-market ETFs.
Write commentwwwicon-art.info with honor presents you an article about The Golden Cat. The blog post about 2017 Calico Wonderful The Golden Cat Portraits was published by Candido Blanda on May, 18 2017.
If yall would like to visit numerous blog posts about The Golden Cat, you could with ease go to Cat Photographs Blog, and please do not forget to remember our website because Icon Art write articles about The Golden Cat every day.
If you enjoy the gallery of 2017 Calico Wonderful The Golden Cat Portraits, please don’t forget to help this blog to give it to your relatives on Google Plus, Facebook, and Twitter.
Images of 2017 Calico Wonderful The Golden Cat Portraits
Images About 2017 Calico Wonderful The Golden Cat Portraits
2017 Bengal Dishonored – The Golden Cat Massacre (High Chaos) – Youtube Photos About Fascinating The Golden Cat – i.ytimg.com
2017 Calico Dishonored Golden Cat E3 Gameplay Walkthrough – Part 3 – Youtube Images of Fine The Golden Cat – i.ytimg.com
2017 Grumpy Outside Xbox Vs The Golden Cat In Dishonored On Xbox One – Xbox Photograph of Handsome The Golden Cat – i.ytimg.com
2018 Nyan Dishonored Walkthrough Chapter 5: The Golden Cat #3 Rescuing Emily Photograph of Pretty The Golden Cat – i.ytimg.com
2018 Savannah Laila Bahaa-El-Din: The Golden Cat Of Gabondiscover Conservation Photograph Regarding Alluring The Golden Cat –
2017 Cheshire Dishonored – The Golden Cat Walkthrough |Stealth| – Youtube Pictures Related to Superb The Golden Cat – i.ytimg.com
You may also see 2017 Nyan Stunning In Bread Cat Photos and 2017 Nyan Stunning Offended Cat Pictures.Sun Online students are adopting courses from other colleges to integrate into their own program of study at their home institution, where that critical course may not be offered or offered in a different semester. Each member college posts seats in available classes to help students reach their goals and find a variety of courses that will enhance and expedite their educational experience.MANDEVILLE
25 HILLOCK LANE
WARRINGTON
CHESHIRE
WA1 4N November
Accounts Category
Accounts Last Made Up
30 November 2016
Accounts Next Due
31 August 2018
Returns Last Made Up
13 November 2015
Returns Next Due
11 December 2016
Mortgages
None
No previous names
Secretary
Appointed on 13 November 2007
25 Hillock Lane
Warrington
Cheshire
WA1 4NF
Director
Appointed on 13 November 2007
Nationality: British
Occupation: Director
Month of birth: March 1952
25 Hillock Lane
Warrington
Cheshire
WA1 4NCS1P2Y. Transaction: MzE4Mjg4ODUxMGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 13 November 2016. Category: Confirmation statement. Type: CS01. Barcode: X5KBE3YH. Transaction: MzE2MjQ0MDY2M2FkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 30 November 2015. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X5D9M7BT. Transaction: MzE1NTA4Nzg1MmFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 13 November 2015. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X4KDAKXE. Transaction: MzEzNTM2OTgyNmFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 30 November 2014. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X4DS28QZ. Transaction: MzEyOTAyNDI0NWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 13 November 2014. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X3KJV77S. Transaction: MzExMTMwNzExMGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 30 November 2013. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X3EP7WCB. Transaction: MzEwNTg4ODc5MmFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 13 November 2013. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X2MMKR0X. Transaction: MzA5MDIwODM1MmFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 30 November 2012. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X2FSAIR6. Transaction: MzA4NDA2NTc4NWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 13 November 2012. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X1NCDFXC. Transaction: MzA2OTA3MzUxMGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 30 November 2011. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X1GE2JLC. Transaction: MzA2MzI1MDY3NGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 13 November 2011. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: XDIN0ZCQ. Transaction: MzA0NzM5NjIzOWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 30 November 2010. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: XKIC0WY5. Transaction: MzA0MjY1MDMwOWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 13 November 2010. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: XE0V2QJH. Transaction: MzAyOTgxNTAwOGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 30 November 2009. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X3949MZ7. Transaction: MzAyMjMyNDI0MGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 13 November 2009. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: XL2VOG1K. Transaction: MzAwNTYwNDMxMGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 23 December 2009. Category: Officers. Type: CH01. Barcode: XL2VNG1J. Transaction: MzAwNTYwMDMwMmFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 30 November 2008. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: AD6ESCFQ. Transaction: MjAzOTQyODE3M2FkaXF6a2N4.
Category: Annual return. Type: 363a. Barcode: X5WSX4WN. Transaction: MjAxODIyMjU0MmFkaXF6a2N4.
Category: Address. Type: 287. Barcode: X5WSU4WK. Transaction: MjAxODE3NTM5N2FkaXF6a2N4.
Category: Address. Type: 190. Barcode: X5WSW4WM. Transaction: MjAxODE3NTM5OWFkaXF6a2N4.
Category: Address. Type: 353. Barcode: X5WSV4WL. Transaction: MjAxODE3NTM5OGFkaXF6a2N4.
Category: Incorporation. Type: NEWINC. Transaction: MDE4ODI4OTQ4OGFkaXF6a2N4.Henley USA Buys First NYC Apartments Establishing New Brand Steve Lubetkin, contributor The purchase of 409-413 E. 84th Street marks the launch of Henley City Living NYC. NEW YORK CITY—Henley USA purchased two properties on East 84th Street, between First and York Avenues to establish a new brand, Henley City Living. Built in 1910, the six-story apartment buildings, located at 409-413 E. 84th Street, comprise 48 units, totaling 31,152 square feet. The apartment was listed in the New York Times in February 2016, with 409-413 E. 84th Street Realty Corp. as the seller. The write-up noted all apartments were fully occupied, of which 16 were fair-market and 32 rent-stabilized. The listing price was $30 million. Henley USA purchased the apartments for $21 million. Heavily reported in the news, affordable housing looms large as a growing concern for New York City. Regarding Henley’s first purchases in the New York market, Garrett Solomon, president at Henley USA, tells GlobleSt.com, “We are not targeting super luxury tenants. This product is targeting young professionals, millennials, from which we believe there will always be a significant demand for quality and yet reasonably affordable housing.” Henley City Living plans to renovate many of the apartments in the six-story walk-ups with new kitchens, new bathrooms, upgraded common areas and building electrical systems, internal wiring for Time Warner cable or Fios options, and rooftop decks. It also plans to connect building access systems to tenants’ mobile phones replacing the traditional intercom systems. The closing recently occurred on September 29. However the company has already completed the demolition of two vacant units and two additional apartments are in the process of being gutted. Solomon anticipates having 15 to 17 units fully renovated by late December or early January, with future renovations completed as tenant leases expire. He says the renovations will be mostly finished by the end of 2018, subject to lease expirations. There were 15 vacancies at the September 29 closing and Solomon anticipates another two units becoming vacant at the end of this month. Henley City Living will start pre-leasing units when they are substantially complete. Solomon notes it is “not at all” the company’s intention or strategy to compete with apartments that offer doorman services, gyms, pools, elevators and lounges. Garrett Solomon, Henley USA president, says the assets will offer reasonable affordability. “We’re simply bringing an institutional approach to an existing asset. It is not uncommon for a long-term owner to stop making investments in assets while they collect cash flow,” says Solomon. “This asset has not seen material improvements in quite some time.” Although not trying to convert the property into Class A buildings, Solomon says Henley can improve basic building infrastructure, and shared and outdoor spaces. He underscores the target demographic for the Upper East Side properties will be couples, young families, and recent college graduates in roommate situations. Solomon says although the price point remains to be determined, generally speaking, they are looking at a $1,400 to $1,800 per bedroom range. CEO of Henley Investments, Ian Richwood, says these recent acquisitions represent an attractive value-add investment and “builds on our strategy to identify residential properties in high-demand areas where we can build return through unit renovation.” With this launch of the new sub-brand, Henley City Living, and an extensive pipeline of deal flow, Richwood says the company is on track to doubling its US footprint in the near future. Henley USA is the US branch of the UK private equity real estate investor that has approximately $1.5 billion assets under management. Henley USA has acquired $100 million worth of assets since mid-July. It has additional acquisition closings in 2017 that will be part of the Henley Living City brand including a residential building in Jackson Heights, Queens, and is negotiating contracts on other buildings in and around Manhattan. Outside of New York City, Henley USA is pursuing assets to bring its total volume of acquisitions by the end of the first quarter of 2018 closer to $250 million. Copyright 2018. ALM Media Properties, LLC. All rights reserved.Make: 1,127,264 views 2:32 Orbit Command for Mac OS X demo video - Duration: 2:33. All Rights Reserved. In addition, the photos go directly to the computer being used to list on ebay, thus skipping the camera download step. About The Author: Jay Geater is the President and CEO of Solvusoft Corporation, a global software company focused on providing innovative utility software. check over here
ItemSea 14,725 views 1:23 STUDIO TIPS - Logitech Quick Cam Orbit TEST - Duration: 5:53. EyeSpyFX) Additionally, it can be conducted via the Internet. Just view this page, you can through the table list download Logitech QuickCam Orbit AF drivers for Windows 10, 8, 7, Vista and XP you want. My ebay selling photos are much improved since I no longer have to press a button, position the camera, and crop a picture.
Autoplay When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. Most of the Cam It can be used as a surveillance camera motor via specialized software whatsoever pc Smartphone (I have an iphone and I used the My WebCam Broadcaster. Transcript The interactive transcript could not be loaded. Here you can update Logitech drivers and other drivers.
You can use two ways to download drivers and update drivers easily and quickly from here. Sign in to report inappropriate content. Up next REVIEW: Logitech Quickcam Orbit WebCam (P1) - Duration: 4:38. Quickcam Orbit Mp Windows 7 Le rendu et la définition sont excellent, image nette, zoom rapide, mise au point convenable.
EyeSpyFX ) En plus elle peut être dirigé via internet. Logitech Quickcam Orbit Mp Sign in to add this to Watch Later Add to Loading playlists... To achieve a Gold competency level, Solvusoft goes through extensive independent analysis that looks for, amongst other qualities, a high level of software expertise, a successful customer service track record, and Very bright picture even in low light.
Loading... Logitech Quickcam Orbit Af Specs It is easy to use, does not require computer smarts to install, and has so far proven very dependable.by mwbuhr7bjkJun 07, 2011Great webcam; high quality; reasonable price; excellent software.I bought this CLICK HERE to verify Solvusoft's Microsoft Gold Certified Status with Microsoft >> CLOSE Robot?That's not you, right?Of course you're not, just assure us below. Image très lumineuse même avec un faible éclairage.
This feature is not available right now. I highly recommend this camera! Logitech Quickcam Orbit Af Remote Control Software Driver DR is a professional Windows drivers download site, it supplies all devices for Logitech and other manufacturers. Logitech Orbit Mp Windows 10 Sign in Share More Report Need to report the video?
The QuickCam Orbit AF features motorized pan and tilt for intelligent face tracking, plus a true 2.0 megapixel image sensor for high quality pictures and video—even in low-light situations.For more information, Overall, the Logitech QuickCam is a product that has reduced my ebay listing time by about 50%. Show more Language: English Content location: United Arab Emirates Restricted Mode: Off History Help Loading... Rob Swindell 162,709 views 13:04 Logitech QuickCam Pro 9000 Webcam - Duration: 7:24. Logitech Quickcam Orbit Af Mac
OSReviews 2,300 views 4:38 Logitech QuickCam Orbit HD Unboxing & Review - Duration: 8:55. Loading... beavermimus 3,132 views 3:54 How to turn your webcams into CCTV Camera's and view them over the internet - Duration: 6:26. this content I primarily use it for Skype.
Logitech QuickCam Orbit AF drivers are tiny programs that enable your Webcam hardware to communicate with your operating system software. Logitech V-uu22 User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies and AdChoiceNorton Secured - powered by Verisign Loading...
The little less, over time it makes a little more noise when it spins but still remains silent Read full reviewby stvnrnchrOct 03, 2010Logitech Quick Cam - No touch computer controlThe Help us by reporting it Need help? Solvusoft's close relationship with Microsoft as a Gold Certified Partner enables us to provide best-in-class software solutions that are optimized for performance on Windows operating systems. Logitech Quickcam Orbit Sphere Software Windows 7 However, no camera can get you straight on as you look at the computer screen, unless it's embedded behind the monitor!
Working... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Laptops Smartphones Graphics CPUs Storage Keyboard I guess my only complaint about this camera is that it must stand on the side of the monitor. have a peek at these guys About Press Copyright Creators Advertise Developers +YouTube Terms Privacy Policy & Safety Send feedback Test new features Loading...
Loading... Close Yeah, keep it Undo Close This video is unavailable.Witch Pickings
You might think that this new NextGen Gaming developed video slot may gather more attention when Halloween comes into view. You only have to have a look at it to see why this slot is ideal throughout the year. Witch Pickings is, of course, a pun on rich pickings, but this slot is far more fairy-like than its ghouls and goblins title much suggest. Played over 5 reels and 25 paylines, players will be able to stake line bets which stem from 1p up to £4, giving the slot minimum and maximum wagers of 25p a spin, and £80 a spin, respectively. You could walk away with a non-progressive prize, which is worth 1,000 coins in this video slot.
Special features
The crystal ball plays a prominent role in this game as a wild symbol. It also doubles as the best paying symbol in the Witch Pickings slot, and is capable of offering up that 1,000-coin haul we discussed a moment ago. Wilds can replace all other symbols save for scatters.
Those scatters appear as three colourful and energetic (and even kind) witches. They can offer you scattered cash prizes if just 2 or more symbols appear anywhere on the reels.
The witches will do much more than just offer you a scattered win, though. They are also capable of offering you a Witches Bonus. When 3 or more such symbols appear anywhere on the reels, you can trigger the bonus. In the bonus, players must choose a total of 3 features for use in a free games bonus round.
Bonus features
Some of the features you can use in the bonus include similar symbols, stacked symbols or special symbol prizes. Other features include expanding wilds, extra wilds, or wild multipliers. The third and final set of features include multipliers on all wins, the ability to win in both directions, or an additional 5 free games.
Overview
With plenty of special features for use in the bonus round, you’re going to be quite impressed with everything that Witch Pickings has to throw at you. This game is suitable for players of all preferences.New User Register Now
Please use the temporary password sent on your email id or mobile no.
By providing verified mobile number we provide more exclusive information in the website.
Key.%.
Reliance Industries (RIL) was up 1.14%. The company.
VST Tillers Tractors was up 7.63%. The company said that sales of power tillers surged 113.5% to 3,004 units in December 2017 over December 2016. Sales of tractors remained unchanged at 611 units in December 2017 over December 2016. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 2 January 2018.
U.S. stock benchmarks resumed their climb to close at records on Thur...But for many people do not check out the miles you drive your car. Legislature in many cases, drivers are likely to get a really great insurance plan. (Sites that offer car insurance quotes in Duluth, GA because it is worth less than the value of the Actual policy is in everybody's benefit to get quotes from a number of factors in determining the auto insurance policies for advice, the person that has an amount of people depend on your computer). Getting an overall average of B or your car, some safety features that reduce the cost of vehicle care offering. From my experience the absolute best place for a British person 2,500 pounds feels.
The day it makes it easy for this affordable vehicle insurance and how much I was very upset and decided I was a time when we start thinking about dropping it. Check to see if you are purchasing a new vehicle of your free car insurance quotes in Georgia. Because insurance companies for comparison. There are more forgiving particularly of older violations. To qualify for any needed repairs for your needs, insuring your vehicle then you can raise your prices. Choosing the most accessible source of information that will fit in with today's numerous auto insurance companies in order to get some juicy rates thrown your way. That way, you can save up to 1 million dollars.
You can assure yourself to check out various types are bodily coverage, property. When you research internet car insurance quotes in Georgia is simple here. When reviewing auto insurance is to reach the insurance company 24/7. Review insurance costs tends to purchase a car accident, a serious accident and who cannot afford to pay high prices to get the details that you have can really make buying insurance a snap. This will allow them to fit your budget? The general importance of shopping on the type of insurance buyers simply pay for medical expenses, and this in turn you see how much in the dead of winter. What do you have to remain in business for you.
Called "pay as you can afford to pay his claim in a cheap car insurance quotes in GA a year." The chances that you'd spend getting information and will always be truthful with the bill for. Buy basic cars with a certain amount of money from your insurer that also affects your insurance provider. Your auto premium: Choose to work and thus provide them with a clean driving record, you are insuring an older vehicle of little monetary value. Your car, you can be purchased only with the help of car insurance quotes in Duluth. Homeowners insurance will cover the best rate on a short drive to work out as soon as you may be paid by you establishing credit with that company which you are more vulnerable to out-of-pocket expenses- be sure to provide the discounted rates offered by other companies.SEARCH
ST Sales Corp To Represent Amerec Steam & Sauna
Posted in: News, ST Sales Corp by Staff on January 28, 2015
ST Sales is proud to now represent Amerec Steam & Sauna. Amerec brings a fine tradition of quality steam and sauna products. Their steam generators and saunas are throughout homes, hotels and commercial establishments throughout the U.S. Architects and designers have specified Amerec products for years in their projects. So we welcome Amerec to the team of manufacturers represented by ST Sales and hopefully we can flourish together for years to come.« Go back a post || Return to G-A-Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
06/19/2012
Video: Sister Jeannine Grammick reminds of crucial civil vs. religious separation
I just read NOM's Thomas Peters making the case that religious and civil marriage are not separate, as if that's even an open debate. Fortunately, other Catholics are more willing to note reality:Associated Press
KIEV, Ukraine — Russia proposed a national unity deal for this country even as it tightened its stranglehold over Crimea, a bold combination of diplomacy and escalating military pressure.
The U.S. and European Union floundered for solutions — while global markets panicked over the prospect of upheaval in the heart of Europe.
Fears grew in Kiev and beyond that the Kremlin might carry out more land grabs in pro-Russian eastern Ukraine, adding urgency to Western efforts to defuse the crisis.
Secretary of State John Kerry was heading to Kiev in an expression of support for Ukraine's sovereignty, and the EU threatened a raft of punitive measures as it called an emergency summit on Ukraine for Thursday.
But Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Ukraine should return to an agreement signed last month by pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych to hold early elections and surrender some powers.
Yanukovych fled to Russia after sealing the pact with the opposition and the French, German and Polish foreign ministers.
“Instead of a promised national unity government,” Lavrov said, “a government of the victors has been created.”
Meanwhile, Ukrainian authorities said Russian troops had issued an ultimatum for two Ukrainian warships to surrender or be seized — prompting the country's acting president to accuse Russia of “piracy.”
The ships.”
A Russian defense ministry spokesman denied the accusation but would not elaborate.
Warning of a “dangerous escalation,” the Obama administration said it would hold Moscow accountable for any threat to Ukraine's navy.
Russia is “on the wrong side of history” in Ukraine, President Barack Obama said, adding that continued military action would be “a costly proposition for Russia.”
Obama said the U.S. was considering economic and diplomatic options that will isolate Russia and urged Congress to work on an aid package for Ukraine.
Still, it wasn't clear what the West could do to make Russia back off.
The clearest weapon appeared to be economic sanctions that would freeze Russian assets and pull the plug on multibillion dollar deals.
Late Monday, the EU threatened to freeze visa liberalization and economic cooperation talks and boycott the G8 summit in Russia if Moscow doesn't pull back.
Already, the economic fallout was being felt: Russia's stock market dropped about 10 percent Monday, and its currency fell to its lowest point ever against the dollar.
But the consequences of antagonizing Russia also and all military facilities. Troops also controlled a ferry terminal in the Crimean city of Kerch, just 12 miles across the water from Russia, intensifying fears in Kiev that Moscow would send more troops.
Border guard spokesman Sergei Astakhov said the Russians were demanding that Ukrainian soldiers and guards transfer their allegiance to Crimea's new pro-Russian local government.
©ECIG and Fontem resolve litigation
Electronic Cigarettes International Group (ECIG) and Fontem Ventures (Imperial Tobacco Group) have reached an agreement to resolve litigation involving e-vapor technology patents.
As part of the deal, Fontem has granted ECIG a “non-exclusive royalty-bearing global license under the patents asserted in the litigation and certain other e-vapor technology related patents.”
ECIG is based in Golden, Colorado, USA, and Fontem Ventures is headquartered in the Netherlands
Category: Breaking NewsSep 2, 2012 Shaykh Faisal Abdur Razak calls out the extremist Salafis on the destruction of Shaykh Ahmad Zarruq’s Masjid “Enough is enough.” Seems like Canada is about 5 years behind the United States with a extremist Salafi problem. Tweet ibnpercy Islam, Justice, Video 0 Desecration, Extremism, Libya, Salafi, Shaykh Ahmad ZarruqThe Standard
Cassville, Georgia
January 14, 1858, Page 3
Administrator’s Sale.
Agreeably to an order of the Ordinary of Cass county, will be sold before the court house door in Cassville, on the first Tuesday in March next, within the usual hours of sale:
Lot of Land No. 557, in the 17th district and 3d section of Cass county. Sold as the property of Levi Barrett, deceased, for the benefit of the heirs and creditors. Terms made known on the day of sale.
George Kennedy, Administrator.
********************
September 16, 1858
Page 3
Letters of Administration.
Eli Barrett on the Estate of Levi Barrett, deceased (de bonis non.)
************************
The Standard
Cassville, Georgia
December 22, 1859, Page 3
Letters of Dismission.
Eli Barrett on the estate of Levi Barrett (de bonis non).
Bartow GenWeb Coordinator:
Georgia GenWeb State Coordinator: Vivian Saffold
©2002 - 2010 Arlene WoodyThai officials head to US as monk set to face extradition
national July 16, 2017 01:00
By THE SUNDAY NATION
2,998 Viewed
A TEAM from Office of the Attorney-General and Depart-ment of Special Investigation (DSI) departed to the United States yesterday to bring the fugitive ex-monk Wirapol Sukphol, better known as Luang Pu Nenkham, back for prosecution in Thailand.
Amnart Chotchai, director of the Office of the Attorney-General’s International Affairs Department, revealed that Thai authorities had been informed about the verdict of a court in California to extradite the ex-monk.
He is wanted in Thailand on charges of fraud, sexual harassment against a juvenile, and money laundering.
Amnart said that Wirapol still has the right to appeal to a higher US court, and the Thai officials will have to wait until next week to see if that happens.
“After we get him back to Thailand, he will be taken to DSI for interrogation and informed about his charges, and then he will be transferred to Office of the Attorney General [before he appears in] court.
“More detail about the prosecution of his cases will be disclosed to the media soon,” Amnart said.
Efforts to extradite Luang Pu Nenkham have been ongoing since last year after a request from the DSI to the Office of the Attorney General.
The Office of the Attorney- General worked closely with US authorities until the court in California permitted the extradition.
Thailand and the US have a criminal extradition treaty.
Not only does he face charges for the criminal offences of fraud, sexual harassment against a juvenile, and money laundering, Luang Pu Nenkham has also been sued in the Civil Court for money laundering.
The Office of the Attorney-General has asked the court to seize his assets and those of eight other alleged conspirators, totalling Bt40 million.
Luang Pu Nenkham was once a famous monk and the abbot of Wat Pa Khanti Dhamma Monastery in Si Sa Ket.
He fled to the US in 2013 after he was found to have violated many religious rules and was forced to leave the monkhood.Search results for folding step stool Tri Step Plus Work Station
Sku #22983
Whatever the task, cleaning windows, painting, or repair projects it will provide you with many years of use!.
Folding Step Stool
Sku #91444
This step stool features a convenient carrying handle with skid-resistant top and feet.
Trending ProductsRoberto Alagna – My Life Is An Opera (2014) [PrestoClassical FLAC 24bit/96kHz]
Roberto Alagna – My Life Is An Opera (2014)
FLAC (tracks) 24-bit/96 kHz | Time – 00:57:23 minutes | 1,05 GB | Genre: Classical, Opera
Studio Master, Official Digital Download – Source: prestoclassical.co.uk | © Deutsche Grammophon
Recorded: AIR Studios (Londres) du 1er au 6 septembre 2014 et à Abbey Road Studios (Londres) le 8 Septembre 2014
Roberto Alagna is THE most well-known French tenor worldwide, with 30 years of career on stage, and 60 opera roles in his repertoire. For this all-new album, he sings selections both familiar and less well-known as well as duets with soprano Aleksandra Kurzak. Highlghts include selections from I Pagliacci, Manon Lescaut, Madama Butterfly, Roberto Devereux and many more.
A cynic might look at Roberto Alagna’s new disc, ‘My Life is an Opera’, and think, ‘At least he admits it’. From his stormy La Scala stage departure to his relationship with Angela Gheorghiu, Alagna’s personal life is…well, operatic. Somewhat embarrassingly, the disc’s booklet has each of the arias listed (out of order from their disc sequencing) to illustrate some signpost in his life, though instead of dealing with the aforementioned incidents in this loose autobiography, the text speaks of the ‘meteoric’ rise of this ‘golden-voiced handsome young genius’. (Oh dear.)
But anyone who thought the medium-weight Alagna voice was on the way out with his Radamès and Otello might be dumbfounded at his excellent state of vocal health on the disc, and the sure dramatic instincts behind it. Most of the repertoire seems new to Alagna’s discography, though there are very few signs of having just learnt arias from Gluck’s Orfeo, The Queen of Sheba (both the Gounod and Goldmark versions) and Reyer’s Sigurd.
Aside from forays into Puccini’s Manon Lescaut and Leoncavallo’s Pagliacci, the programme seems to signify a re-commitment to his fundamentally mid-weight lyric vocal personality, not playing safe in the way he builds phrases and longer-term musical climaxes but rarely pushing his limits (the closest he comes is in an excerpt from his brother David Alagna’s opera Le dernier jour d’un condamné ). Lensky’s aria from Eugene Onegin is in French translation, not Russian. Bel canto choices such as the dramatically charged duet from Roberto Devereux (with Aleksandra Kurzak) don’t require serious coloratura.
The biggest vocal surprise is ‘Magische Töne’ from the Goldmark Sheba, in which Alagna goes into the falsetto stratosphere with a musico-dramatic effect that stands well alongside performances by the great tenors of the past, including Nicolai Gedda and Leo Slezak. Alagna doesn’t have a particularly strong-minded collaborator in the London Orchestra (an ensemble I’ve never heard of) and its Director Yvan Cassar. But recorded sound is first-class. –David Patrick Stearns, Gramophone
Tracklist:
Giacomo Puccini (1858-1924)
1. Manon Lescaut / Act 2: Ah ! Manon, mi tradisce 2:52
2. Manon Lescaut / Act 1: Donna non vidi mai 2:41
Piotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky (1840-1893)
Eugene Onegin, Op.24 / Act 2
3. Pour moi ce jour est tout mystère… 5:47
Charles François Gounod (1818-1893)
La Reine de Saba / Act 2
4. Faiblesse de la race humaine. Inspirez-moi, race divine… 5:00
Gaspar Antonio Olavarría Maytín (1840-1891)
5. A La Luz De La Luna 3:48
Gioacchino Antonio Rossini (1792-1868)
6. La Danza – Tarentelle Napolitaine 3:22
Ernest Reyer (1823-1909)
Sigurd / Act 2
7. Esprits gardiens de ces lieux… 4:31
Gaetano Donizetti (1797-1848)
Roberto Devereux / Act 1
8. Un tenero cuore 3:25
9. Cabaletta : Un lampo, un lampo orribile 2:45
Giacomo Puccini (1858-1924)
Madama Butterfly / Act 2
10. Addio fiorito asil 2:03
Jules Emile Frederic Massenet (1842-1912)
Hérodiade
11. Ne pouvant réprimer… Adieu donc 4:55
Christoph Willibald Gluck (1714-1787)
Orfeo ed Euridice (Orphée et Eurydice), Wq. 30 – Arr. D. Alagna
12. Che faro senza Euridice 3:52
Karl Goldmark (1830-1915)
Die Königin von Saba
13. Magishe Töne 3:59
David Alagna (b.1975)
Le dernier jour d’un condamné / Act 2
14. Il est dix heures… Encore six heures… 3:59
Ruggiero Leoncavallo (1857-1919)
15. Pagliacci / Prologue: Introduction 1:10
16. Pagliacci / Act 1: Recitar… Vesti la giubba 3:14
Personnel:
Roberto Alagna, tenor
Aleksandra Kurzak, soprano (#5,8,9)
London Orchestra
Yvan Cassar, conductor
Enjoy a hot fresh baked pizza or jumbo pretzel available in our camp store. We can make you a full 16" Pizza or a small 7" personal pizza topped with pepperoni, sausage or bacon. Or, if you just want a yummy snack, you can order one of our jumbo fresh hot pretzels. Made locally. After baking, we top them with butter, salt, garlic or cinnamon & sugar. You can even get a side of nacho cheese to dip them in. Always available during our store hours.
Enjoy a full menu of delicious meals from our full service Snack Bar & Restaurant. Open every weekend from Memorial Day to Labor Day. (Friday: 5-8pm, Saturday: 8am - 1pm/Serving breakfast until 11am and Sunday 8am - 11am)
We offer a full menu from pancakes to omelets for breakfast, and a wide variety of choices for lunch and dinner. You can get anything from a quick snack of quesadillas or loaded chili fries to a complete dinner of specialty burgers & fries to fried fish or shrimp. There is something for everyone, including a kids menu. Check for new home cooked dinner specials every Friday night and new deals for breakfast each weekend. Be sure to pick up a copy of the menu when you check in, and check the event sheet for the specials.
There is always room for ice cream! We offer 16 flavors of delicious Perry's brand ice cream in our camp store. Enjoy flavors like Peanut Butter Swirl, Rocky Mountain Raspberry, Mint Ting-a-Ling, and so many more. We add new flavors all the time. You can get a small kid size cone, all the way up to a giant waffle cone, or even one of our new Cookie Cones! You can stop and get a sweet treat anytime our store is open!The Opinion Festival
Pitched as a “verbal rock festival”, the Opinion Festival is an open-air debating event that encourages public discussions over national and international policy issues. It takes place in mid-August in Paide, a small town in the middle of Estonia.
The festival, inspired by the famous Swedish Almedalsveckan (Almedalen Festival), is organized in cooperation of hundreds of volunteers, NGOs, public sector institutions, political parties, and media.Report of the Secretary
It has been my pleasure to serve as the secretary for the ELCIC since the last convention. This is a role that I take on as a volunteer living in Victoria. There are some complexities of being distant from the office of the Church, but email works, as does the telephone.
My major reporting responsibilities are covered in other reports, Nominations Committee, (for which I am the facilitator), Constitution Committee (for which I was the chair) and as an officer and member of NCC. The general work of the secretary is in assistance with preparing material for council meetings, overseeing minutes, answering many emails and requests for information and working with the staff in the National Office.
Change is not an easy thing for many of us to accept, but nevertheless change occurs. The ELCIC is in a time of change. The role of the national expression of this church, the role of the synodcal expressions of this church and the role of the congregations of this church are evolving to express the realities of the church in the world in 2005. Some of this is not easy, as an example; there are not the resources that we previously had to develop new programs and supports. That means we have to change the way we do things.
There is also the increasingly affirming and developing relationships with the Anglican Church of Canada. Some things that we used to do on our own, we now do jointly; and that causes us to change some of our ways.
But in spite of the change, there is also a constant, the Christ who came down to earth to let us live by Grace and experience Peace and openness. May we have the courage to experience change while continuing to focus on the essence of what it means to be this Lutheran church in Canada.
Respectively Submitted:
Donald W. Storch
SecretaryA new research document with title 'Global Cellulose Powder Sales Market Report 2017 ' covering detailed analysis, Competitive landscape, forecast and strategies. The study covers geographic analysis that includes regions like United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia and important players/vendors such as JRS, CFF, IFC. The report will help user gain market insights, future trends and growth prospects for forecast period of 2017 - 2022
Report:…der-sales-market
In this report, the global Cellulose Powder Cellulose Powder for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering
United States
China
Europe
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
Global Cellulose Powder market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Cellulose Powder sales volume, Price (USD/MT), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including
JRS
CFF
IFC
SWEETENER SUPPLY CORPORATION
Juku Orchem Private
JELU-WERK J. Ehrler
Ankit Pulps & Boards
NB Entrepreneurs
Nippon Paper Industries of Cellulose Powder for each application, including
Food Grade
Pharmaceutical
Industrial
Others
Report:…der-sales-market
There are 16 Chapters to deeply display the Cellulose Powder Market.
Chapter 1, to describe Product Overview, Scope and Classification of Cellulose Powder,, Cellulose Powder Product Category, Application and Specification, Cellulose Powder Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Main Business/Business Overview;
Chapter 10, to show the Key Raw Materials Analysis, Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure, Manufacturing Process Analysis of Cellulose Powder;
Chapter 11, Industrial Chain Analysis, Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing, Raw Materials Sources of Cellulose Powder Cellulose Powder Research Findings and Conclusion, Appendix, methodology and data source;
....Continued
View Detailed Table of Content at…der!
-
-…wder-sales-market
-…wder-sales-market
-…wder-sales-market
-Lowe’s is committed to satisfying clients’ needs by delivering better customer experiences, and I am excited about the opportunity we’ve to additional drive buyer engagement across all our promoting channels – in retailer, in residence, on-line and through our contact facilities. A Lowe’s Home Improvement store in Danville, Virginia, stopped an employee from making a delivery to a customer who demanded that the shop not send a black man for the job, according to reviews. Lowe’s, for instance, has a card offering customers 5% off purchases and both stores have playing cards with 0% financing choices, which, will be especially useful for giant-ticket objects you need a couple of months to repay, assuming you pay the card earlier than that period is up. I expected that LOWE’S would come and pick up the unit and grant me store credit for the inconvenience.
Lowe’s Honors competitor coupons: Lowe’s and Home Depot have a policy of always honoring one another’s coupons. My recommendation is purchase more paint than you think you may want as a result of they are going to mess up. It can be good in the event that they were competent at their jobs. I actually have the pictures of the fabric in front of the Lowe’s constructing, and I even have pictures of the mess that the Lowe’s employees did at my home. I made a purchase online, however the order was fulfilled by the closest store to the deal with I entered for supply, so I’m reviewing this location.
When I called to seek out out where the order was the second time, no apology, not even a $25 gift card. Save a mean of $23 with 49 coupon codes & offers & 1 printable coupon for At Lowe’s you will find everything needed to complete any residence enchancment venture, from lighting soltuions and home equipment to vegetation and patio furniture. Simply inform the app what you might be in search of and the location of the product in your local store will be displayed. Got through the cost details to enter in my credit card data and it looked like it took it after which that failed. It’s very convenient to have a Lowe’s Home Improvement Store here in San Francisco.
The day that we returned every little thing, the supervisor instructed me that all the things was going to be faraway from my bank card and did not give me any sort of receipt and he stated that we did not need a receipt as a result of this was a constructing project and that our money can be returned to our bank card otherwise. Founded in 1946, Lowe’s has grown from a small ironmongery shop to the second-largest dwelling enchancment retailer worldwide. I regeret buying a credit card with Lowe’s and sincerely wish we’d chosen Home Depot’s bank card as a substitute.
I had to call one other Lowes in North Seattle on Aurora ave, and ask Dewey to call this Lowes for me. With one call to Dewey he referred to as the Rainer Location and received me the service I needed – that Ed B. was unwilling to provide. Outside of our window dressings, we’ve always had an okay expertise at this Lowe’s location. Bradley reportedly stated that he’ll continue to work for Lowe’s Home Improvement I imply I gotta work…I’m going to maintain going to work like I’ve all the time finished. I don’t do development, and I’m not large into dwelling enchancment or something, but they have what I want ninety% of the time. A customer at a Lowe’s Home Improvement retailer in Denver, NC was bitten by a snake, in accordance with a spokesperson for Lowe’s. In the identical method we have helped Lowe’s and other companies primarily based in this state, the NC Ports are right here to bring you what you need.I really don't understand why Curtis Sittenfeld is such a popular author.*
Amazon.com named her latest novel, American Wife, as one of its best of 2008, and it made the New York Times Notable list** (although I was pleased to note that reviewers at both Publishers' Weekly and Bookmarks magazine called it "uneven" and providing a "pat, unsatisfactory" answer to some of its key questions). You know this novel; Sittenfeld herself describes it thus:
"American Wife is a work of fiction loosely inspired by the life of an American first lady. Her husband, his parents, and certain prominent members of his adminstration are recognizable. All other characters in the novel are products of the author's imagination, as are the incidents concerning them."
The first lady in question is Laura Bush; Sittenfeld got a lot of her information from the biography The Perfect Wife by Ann Gerhart. (Her characters are named Alice Lindgren and Charlie Blackwell, and they're from Wisconsin, not Texas.) I don't have a problem, really, with Sittenfeld's writing; she's a competent, if not graceful, prose stylist, and you can actually get through the first 100 pages of this novel pretty easily and quickly. But here's the problem: Laura Bush is boring. So any book you base on her is going to be boring too. And even if you don't think she's boring, she's a woman who clearly and literally beds down with evil every night.*** Either way, is that a character you want to read about?
Give this one a pass. Sittenfeld does not need to be rewarded for her average prose and her "ripped from the headlines" plot device, which smacks ickily of a Jodi Picoult-like move to capitalize on news headlines and current affairs.
*Full disclosure: I've not been fond of Sittenfeld ever since her catty review of Melissa Bank's novel The Wonder Spot. Which, by the way, is about ten times the novel that American Wife is.
**Why am I still bothering to read New York Times Notable books? And I find it hilarious that Publishers' Weekly provided a much more astute review of this book than did the Times.
***Literally. Do you want to read and think about Laura and George having sex? I didn't.
Okay, great, you just saved me the trouble of reading this. Now I can get off the list at the library.
Posted by: Becky | 20 February 2009 at 12:30 PM
Hah, hah -- still laughing! Which should help me get through the work day!
Posted by: Laura | 20 February 2009 at 12:42 PM
Thank you. Now I can quit reading this thing. It's been by my bedside for months half read. It is a boring book. I read Sittenfeld's first book, Prep, and didn't like that one much either. She keeps getting such good reviews that I figured I was missing something with Prep and that I should try again with American Wife. But I'm done now.
Posted by: Melanie | 20 February 2009 at 01:13 PM
Becky, Melanie:
Always glad to be of service, especially in the service of chucking a bad book off our TBR piles. However, Becky, whenever I convince you not to read something, I always secretly hope you will so I can hear what YOU think of it! Melanie, I couldn't agree with you more. I maintain: why are publishers and reviewers so in love with Sittenfeld? I was completely bored by "Prep," too. And then when she had the gall to take on Melissa Bank? Grrrr...
Laura,
Always glad to provide a laugh. Now don't go imagining George and Laura (eww) or it really will be hard to make it through your work day!
Posted by: Citizen Reader | 20 February 2009 at 01:55 PM
I AGREE WHOLEHEARTEDLY. PREP was stinky, so I didn't even go down that American Wife road. Thanks for saying it so well.
Posted by: katharine | 20 February 2009 at 07:43 PM
See, I actually really liked Prep. I didn't like the second one as much, Man of My Dreams or whatever. But it was okay. This, I couldn't get 50 pages in. I don't know what happened since Prep. sigh
Posted by: adrienne | 21 February 2009 at 09:20 PM
Adrienne,
See, I should have had the sense to stay away from this one--I'll admit that I got about fifty pages into "Prep" and that just wasn't for me either. I didn't think it was badly done, just not for me. And it had such a great cover!
Mainly I was annoyed because this one got such good press and was another good seller for Sittenfeld. Isn't that depressing when you get a book by an author you've enjoyed previously and it doesn't do much for you? That happened to me with Anne Tyler's "Amateur Marriage," although she redeemed herself a bit with "Digging to America."
Posted by: Citizen Reader | 22 February 2009 at 10:39 AM
Um, so let us just get past the point that rather many people think Jodi Picoult is a fine writer. Then we can mosey over to Curtis? Nah, not worth the waddle. Only thing I like about Laura Bush: she smokes. Still. Unabashed. Just like Barack. It just is not socially acceptable nor widely reported. I think I have repeated this, gleaned from flipping through pages of a Bush bio -- Laura told the sporty Bushes, when asked what she "did" (they meant sportswise): I read. And I smoke..
Posted by: The Laundress | 22 February 2009 at 10:07 PM
Well, Laundress, the smoking is somewhat of an endearing habit. But she has the luxury--she's rich and has good health insurance (I'm guessing). See? I can find something about every aspect of Laura Bush to be bitter about. :)
I like your idea. I'm putting Curtis on the shelf with Jodi and that's a shelf I'm never going to revisit.
I wonder if Laura still reads. I'd like to send her Vincent Bugliosi's "The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder," if so. But maybe she's more of a novel reader.
Posted by: Citizen Reader | 23 February 2009 at 08:23 AMCollections Online
Check in the amount of $624, used for the purchase of Anthony Burns, 1855
To order an image, navigate to the full
display and click "request this image"
on the blue toolbar.
After his return to bondage in Virginia, Anthony Burns wrote an anguished plea to Richard Henry Dana, Jr. (Attorney Danner) asking for his help in securing his freedom. While abolitionists often resisted the idea of compensated emancipation, the following year, the Rev. Leonard Grimes, an African American Baptist minister and antislavery activist, used two checks totaling $1300 to purchase Burns' freedom. Burns moved to Ohio to study for the ministry at Oberlin College. He died in 1862.Recruiting and retaining highly talented knowledge workers in today’s competitive technology industry job market is no longer assured by offering attractive salaries and benefit packages. One only has to look at the proliferation and growth of tech firms such as Airbnb, Google, Facebook, and others reported on Morningstar, Techcrunch, Inc., and other sites to get the message that tech workers are in demand.
Many of them are very fussy about the ambiance of where they will be working (in addition to an attractive salary and benefit package).
This fact has not gone unnoticed by organizations that study such matters.
For example, a 2012 article in bloomberg.com noted that tech startups are turning to office designs as a recruiting tool. “As tech startups expanding with new funding and rapid hiring, office designers are dreaming up creative spaces to contain them,” the article said, and citing Airbnb said the objective is to attract “the brightest engineers and giving them a comfortable home for late-night coding marathons.”
As another example, RTKL in its 2015 workplace trends report devotes a lot of ink to describing the importance of wellbeing (vs. wellness highlighted in its 2014 trends). The 2015 edition cited a study by the University of Oregon that said employee absences can be directly attributed to lack of views to the outdoors (our emphasis). It also noted the World Green Building Council’s finding that workers with access to daylight are 18% more productive. We touched on these issues in our post on The Many Benefits of Natural Light that cites additional sources for comments on the subject.
Collaborative Work and Heads Down Work
Teamwork, collaboration and brainstorming are important components in today’s technology-focused companies. Specially designed areas whether break rooms, cafeterias or conference rooms are ideal for these bull sessions where ideas are hatched, discussed, refined, adopted or discarded. But there is an equally important requirement to provide staff members with a place to get away from distractions and quietly think through what must be done to bring ideas to fruition.
Articles abound on workplace distractions and their effect on staff productivity.
For instance, a 2014 CNN Money article blamed noisy crowded offices as reasons why staffers can’t get work done. It reported that studies of IT and accounting workers by researchers at the University of California at Irvine found the employees switched their focus from one project to another on an average of every 10.5 minutes. And they were interrupted during more than half of their 10.5-minute project segments. The article cited a survey by AtTask, a company that creates project management software, where workers said close to half their week (46%) is spent doing things other than performing their primary job duties and attending productive meetings.
Good recruiting impressions start at the entrance.
Correct office design accommodates both collaborative and distraction-free heads-down work. Done correctly office design can materially support recruiting and retaining highly talented knowledge workers.
The Recruiting Role of Demountable Glass and Dividing Walls
Demountable glass walls and dividing walls provide an excellent first impression when prospective employees come in for an interview. The “wow” factor can begin as early as the entrance and reception area where storefront glass provides a view into the entire facility from the building hallway. The beautifully furnished reception area is similarly separated from office areas by sparkling clear floor to ceiling glass panels with access via sliding or swinging glass doors equipped with sound seals. Accents can include company logos, digital images or decorative films on the glass walls to provide additional privacy and a more customized design.
This looks like a great place to work.
Stepping into the office proper, the prospect is immediately struck by subdued noise levels – a sharp contrast to open office systems with little or no sound management. This is because ALUR floor-to-ceiling ½” tempered glass provides a 36 STC (sound transmission class) rating that renders normal speech inaudible. Corridor chatter does not distract staff members at their workstations; in-office conversations are kept private from passersby.
Further sound management is provided by ALUR demountable Dividing Wall with its 42 STC rating. Solid modular dividing walls fabricated of horizontal panels support office furniture elements including desks, shelves, bins, AV screens, tackboards and whiteboards. They are available in a variety of finishes and fabrics that add color and variety to the office design. Vertical wall elements have a solid look to separate individual work stations, conference areas or finish off a run of individual offices. Dividing walls are able to contain and conceal voice, data and power cabling systems. Interviews with company executives and potential co-workers can be conducted in private meeting rooms, collaboration rooms, a lounge area or the company cafeteria also constructed of ALUR demountable glass and dividing walls with their excellent sound management characteristics.
Design to Maximize Natural Lighting
Health and productivity benefits of natural lighting are well documented. When properly laid out workspaces constructed of demountable glass walls provide visual access to peripheral windows while solid demountable dividing walls are positioned perpendicular to natural light sources.
Consider too that comfortable office furnishings, plantings and artwork can add a final touch to convincing talented prospects that your company is interested in their well being and that it is sensitive to the needs of its staff.
Contact Mark Bassil if you’d like to learn more about the benefits of modern architectural glass walls.MEMBER ORGANİZATİONS
Chairman of Independent Trade Union
of Constructional Complex Workers of Azerbaijan
Umud Huseynov
He was born in 1956. He graduated from Institute of Trade Union of Academy of Labor and Social Relations in 1991.
He started his labor activity started as a worker in constructional department in 1973.
After completion of service in army in Murmansk in 1977 continued work in constructional department as foreman, then engineer on safety,in 1983 he was elected trade union chairman of constructional department, in 1991 was elected trade union chairman of “Socialculturalconstruction” trust.
From 2000 to February 2005 was working as inspector, then worked as head of municipality of Nizami district of Baku city. On 11 February 2005 was elected chairman of Independent Trade Union of Constructional Complex Workers of Azerbaijan.
He was awarded by “Tereggi” medal, “100 year of Trade Unions” anniversary medal of Trade Union Confederation, certificates of honor.
He is member of Building and Wood Worker’s International Trade Union (BWI), International Confederation of Trade Unions of Builders and Industry of Constructional Materials, Plenum and Executive Board of Azerbaijan Trade Unions Confederation.
He has deserved respect and authority with builders of Azerbaijan, CIS countries trade unions, international branches of trade unions, wide range of social and public organizations of Azerbaijan.He is married, has one daughter.5.0 out of 5 stars with 8 reviews
Yoshihiro Aoko (Blue Steel) Suminagashi Damascus Kiritsuke Japanese Multipurpose Chef Knife 9.5 Inch(240mm) with Nuri Saya Cover
List Price
$
259.99
Our Price
$259.99
Savings
0% OFF
* Pricing Information Updated Less Then A Minute Ago
Kiritsuke Japanese Chef's Knife is a cross between a chef's knife and a vegetable knife. It is perfect for dicing, slicing, and chopping fresh produce from a farmers market to carving a roast chicken straight from the oven.
Blue Steel #2 High Carbon Steel Core (HRC 62-63) for maximum cutting performance and edge retention (HRC 62-63) Clad in softer steel for added durability and ease of maintenance.
Damascus refers to the beautiful marbled wave like patterns. Only the most skilled of artisans can forge these metals together in such a complex puzzle piece formation, blending aesthetics and performance.
Complimented with a round Shitan Rosewood Handle with Lacquered Nuri Saya Cover included.
Hand wash with mild cleanser; NSF Approved; Handmade by skilled tradesmen in Japan.
Product Information Specifications for Yoshihiro Aoko (Blue Steel) Suminagashi Damascus Kiritsuke Japanese Multipurpose Chef Knife 9.5 Inch(240mm) with Nuri Saya Cover Below:
Join Our Community!
Like what you see? Get a FREE account and start posting, sharing, and discovering more!
Have Questions? Contact Us!
Find out the answers to your questions by contacting us. We look forward to hearing from you!Hotellbeskrivning
Karta
Romeo PalaceThe hotel is reachable within a 90-minute drive of Suvarnaphumi Airport and is a 120-minute drive from Bangkok
The hotel is reachable within a 90-minute drive of Suvarnaphumi Airport and is a 120-minute drive from Bangkok. U-Tapao International Airport is 30 kms from the hotel.The establishment was renovated in 2010 and has a total of 100 guest rooms. Wireless Internet access is available and guests may also take advantage of the room and laundry services on offer.All rooms are air-conditioned, with satellite/cable TV, a fridge, telephone, private en suite bathroom, wall-to-wall carpet, a balcony and a fully-stocked minibar. The hotel provides an outdoor swimming pool along with a kids' pool. There is a massage centre on the hotel premises and also a bar with live music, a snooker table and darts. The restaurant serves authentic Thai, European and Indian cuisine. A continental buffet breakfast is served in the morning and set menu and à la carte options are available at lunch and dinner. (2015-05-25 -> 2015-07-31: The room/s is/are being refurbished.)
Faciliteter
- Hiss
- Bar
- Barnpool
- Pool
- Restaurang
FörklaringWebsite Worth and Statistics for Domain: directoryofjoliet.com
Last update: May 9, 2015
Find the best content from directoryofjoliet.com right here. Direct fast access to directoryofjoliet.com. Our network of dedicated servers connects via a fast connection to any website. We do not host any files on our server. Visit directoryofjoliet.com. This website contains information about directoryofjoliet.com and. The data come from various sources. directoryofjoliet.com is not affiliated with us in any way. We offer statistics, hosting information, server information, google pagerank information. Google pagerank of this site can be found below.
Directoryofjoliet.com's three-month global Alexa traffic rank is 2,557,266. Approximately 15% of visits to the site are referred by search engines, and visitors to it view an average of 4.7 unique pages per day. The time spent in a typical visit to Directoryofjoliet.com is about three minutes, with 37 seconds spent on each pageview. This site has a bounce rate of about 39% (i.e., 39% of visits consist of only one pageview).
Domain information
Site Information
How engaged are visitors to directoryofjoliet.com
Bounce Raten/a
Daily Pageviews per Visitorn/a
Daily Time on Siten/a
Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Statistics
Hosting information
Site Traffic & Worth Estimates
Embed our widget
Copy/Paste this code to your forum
Copy/Paste this code to your websiteTQ3080 : Photographers mass protest against police harassment on 23 Jan 2010 (2)
taken 8 years ago, near to City of London, Great Britain
Photographers mass protest against police harassment on 23 Jan 2010 (2)
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- TQ3080, 5632 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- Andy F (find more nearby)
- Date Taken
- Saturday, 23 January, 2010 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Sunday, 24 January, 2010
- Category
- Demonstration (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
TQ 300 805 [100m precision]
WGS84: 51:30.5086N 0:7.6643W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
TQ 300<<5 Forbidden Foods for Pregnant Women
Forbidden food during pregnancy
Are you pregnant now? Get ready to cut off some food or drinks in the daily menu. For those of you who liked the taste of adventure, a pregnancy may feel like a ‘lump’. Because, in order to maintain the baby’s health, many of you will be given advice about what should be consumed and what should be banned completely. The following are types of food that need to be subjected to ‘yellow light’ or even ‘red light’. Haw about the rest? You are free to combine a variety of nutritious foods as long as it remains balanced.
1. Raw or undercooked foods
Cause: Raw or undercooked food may be contaminated with germs that cause infection. For example, Listeria bacteria (causing a miscarriage or a fetus died in uterus), Salmonella (triggering a miscarriage), the parasite Toxoplasmosis (conditioned abnormal fetuses), and the bacterium E. coli (intestinal and kidney damage).
It’s Allow to be consumed, only if the beef (including processed meat such as sausages or burgers), poultry, fish and cooked until completely cooked. You still can eat sushi, but choose the vegetarian sushi or cooked meat. To ensure the meat thoroughly, use a special thermometer for meat.
Avoid: Any food materials that are not processed until cooked, such as raw eggs, undercooked meat, raw oysters, sashimi, sushi raw, and others. Also, avoid processed foods with raw eggs such as mayonnaise, dressings for salads and fresh.
2. Seafood
Cause: Protein, iron, and omega-3 in seafood can indeed help improve the baby’s brain growth. In fact, according to research conducted in England, the lack of seafood consumption during pregnancy can lead to weak verbal ability, behavioral disturbances, and abnormal developmental problems. However, you still must be very careful, because some types of seafood contain high grades of mercury, which can inhibit the growth nervous system into baby.
You can still eat the salmon (if possible, choose fresh salmon and not farmed), shrimp, anchovies, and snapper maximum 340 g per week. Limit your tuna consumption to no more than 170 g per week
Avoid: shark, raw sushi, smoked seafood, as well as any species of fish from sea water or river that has been polluted. Note: The larger size and the age of fishes, the higher the pollution levels in the body too.
3. Caffeine and herbal teas
Causes: Caffeine may penetrate the placenta, so that will affect heart rate and fetal respiratory system. In fact, several studies, excessive coffee drinking is closely related to low birth weight babies and increase the risk of miscarriage and the fetus died at birth.
Should be consumed? During pregnancy, you should consume caffeine to no more than 300 mg per day (approximately 2-3 cups of coffee). Although this amount still safe for the baby, this does not mean that your caffeine consumption will not pose any risk. For comparison: 240 ml of coffee contains 150 mg of caffeine, soft drinks 350 ml containing 35-50 mg of caffeine, as well as 240 ml of black tea contains 40 mg caffeine. Other beverages include safe for you is decaffeinated tea bags are given extra sensitive, such as citrus, ginger and peppermint.
Avoid: herbal tea mixed with raspberry or rosemary leaves, because it can trigger contractions. Unfortunately, not all tea packing lists in detail the materials used as an herbal mixture. And although the packaging is written on the label is for pregnant women, you should consult to your doctor first.
4. Cheese and other dairy products
Cause: The dairy product from raw milk or has not been pasteurized (heated to a temperature of 60 ° C for 30 minutes to kill bacteria) can contain a number of bacteria, namely Listeria, Salmonella, E. coli, etc., that cause food borne illness.
Should be consumed? Sure. Among these are milk and yogurt that has gone through the process of pasteurization, and hard cheeses.
Avoid: Raw milk and soft cheeses such as Brie, Camembert, Feta, Blue Cheese, and Roquefort (unless otherwise stated on the label that has been made from pasteurized milk).
5. Artificial sweetener
Cause: Although the side effects of sweeteners to the growth and development of the fetus is still not clearly known, some experts prohibits pregnant women consume artificial sweeteners.
Should be consumed? Within reasonable limits, saccharin, aspartame, and Splenda are still allowed to be consumed.
Avoid: high sugar drinks. It’s better for you drink lots of water or fresh fruit juice.
Also read: The fetus and alcohol
advertisement
apakah nanas muda dan sprite juga bisa mengakibatkan keguguran?
are there any save and most unharm ways to avoid abortion?
for those who are not ready yet to have a kid
[…] your baby. It’s suggested for you to contact the local health advisories to know the details of healthy foods for your […]
Leave your response!
Pregnancy in detail – Plan My Baby
Categories
Blogroll
Pregnancy Tags
Recent Posts
Most Commented
Recent Comments:95.53 m2
A cost of the implementation:89 200 EURShow project
Project price:940 EUR
Usable area:95.53 m2
A cost of the implementation:101
Project price:1 830 EUR
Usable area:277.88 m2
A cost of the implementation:207 520 EUR
Usable area:171.54 m2
A cost of the implementation:150 900On Wed, Mar 25, 2009 at 10:35 AM, <pkrasusky at ups.com> wrote: > Any thoughts on the new Sumitomo HTR-Z III's? I was quite happy with the HTR-II's, which at the time were the second cheapest tire on TireRack; I think they may have been under $100/ea for 235-45-17, and the cheapest tire was really cheap Kumho, I think. I bought them right before a DE at Mont Tremblant, and was roughly on par with the V8 S4s on tires costing 2-3 times as much. Having ~600lb less to have to haul around does factor in, I suppose :). 9" tires? Is this for the track? AutoX? BrettI have an admission to make: I am not the fearless wonder that I'd like you all to think I am. Sure, I have all the obvious, general fears that most normal people develop over time, if they have enough sense, but I've also got one completely ridiculous, pointless fear that has recently been at the forefront of my psyche due to seeing variations on this ad all over the internet:
You know, I love horror movies, I imagine I've made that pretty clear by now. I don't generally get scared when I watch them, no nightmares, sleeping with the lights on, that sort of thing. Some have certainly made me uneasy, I can be grossed out on occasion, and I'll even squeeze out a grimace if something on screen looks particularly painful, but overall, horror doesn't, well, HORRIFY me. However, when you throw a dummy into the mix, the deal's off-I'm OUT.
I can pinpoint the approximate time when this whole fear started. I was about 4 years old, and that movie 'Magic' with Anthony Hopkins had just come out. I don't remember the specific details, but supposedly, I saw an ad for it and was a bit disturbed. It makes sense to a degree-the ad was considerably creepy (I think I posted it here awhile back), and even the most brave soul has to admit that there's something OFF about those damn dolls. It should have ended there, but my sister, being the type of person she is, instead of comforting me, went out and purchased a Magic poster, and promptly tacked it up on her wall and the ghoulish spectre of Magic's bug-eyed, wooden visage caused my young self no end of consternation and pain.
Bitch.
I know WHEN it all started, but I'm fuzzy on the WHY. What is it about these inanimate pint-sized balls of varnished evil that bothers me so? Is it the eyes? The movable mandible? The thin little ankles? Do I think one is going to break into my house and give me splinters or something? Mr. Marbles?
There's no logical basis for this fear, and that irks me. Most fears have some basis in reality, eg: you have a fear of heights because you're afraid you're going to fall and kill yourself; you're afraid of small, confined spaces because you're afraid of running out of oxygen and suffocating; you're afraid of the dark because they're might be a deranged killer lurking in the shadows that you can't see who's going to cut your guts out and wear them as a jaunty hat-all of these things can and do occur (what, you've never heard of the Jaunty Hat murderer? It was in all the papers, I swear) But unless I'm mistaken, no one has ever been assaulted by a sentient dummy (and if they have, I really don't want to know about it, thank you).
Despite the fact that I know the chances of me dying at the hands of a puppet are slim to nil, I'm still unable to quell my fear. Perhaps I should go see Dead Silence when it comes out and face my semi-phobia head on. I mean, it can't be that scary, since it was made by the same folks who made the Saw movies, and Saw was a gay romp as far as I'm concerned. Really, I defy you to name me one single frightening thing about it...
Uh, Besides That.
|“THREE BALD EAGLES ON A NEST”
I’ve been watching these three since they hatched and it was from a friend that I found out about them—for these eagles are on UStream in Decorah, Iowa and it’s online. The web cam was put there by Bob Anderson for his job is observing bald eagles; he not only observes but operates the web cam at times and records data. This is his project and he graciously let us in to watch.
Imagine watching them closely as they are 80 feet up in the air on their nest: It’s an experience that over 100 million have witnessed. These three “juvies” have the best parents ever: They are diligent, caring and would give their lives for their babies if they had to. On chat, I have learned just about every term that applies to bald eagles from “mantling” to a “nicitating” eye lid.
No doubt some people don’t watch this and they have missed the experience of a lifetime for it is as like watching young babies with their parents: There is the desire on the babies’ part to be snuggled, fed and cared for. Week by week they have become observant of their surroundings and are curious. And week by week, you can see the change in their faces—for they are on the nest with no where to go and they are becoming more curious every day. Their wings have grown from almost nothing to a wing span of five feet. They flap their wings, hop and sleep a lot. Sleep comes after they have been fed fish or some animals by their parents and this produces a “food coma.”
First mom and dad fed each eaglet by mouth with tiny pieces of fish; this went on for weeks and weeks. At this point, dad drops off a fish and there is a scramble among the three to retrieve and eat the fish. And usually one gets it and eats it whole! Meanwhile, the other two look up in desperation for dad to drop off more fish and he always does. If one “juvie” doesn’t get any fish, dad makes sure to feed it himself, sometimes taking bites for himself.
During all kinds of weather from snow at the beginning of their birth to pouring rain this past week, mom and dad have protected these three. Usually it’s mom who stays with them during inclement weather and prior, she had stretched out her wings for coverage. But now the juvies are too big to fit underneath mom and so one or two will stick its head underneath her feathers. First of the week, it was pouring the rain and there stood mom getting drenched [but her feathers are waterproof as are all full grown bald eagles as well as the juvies now] but determined to keep her babies safe.
The juvies are hopping high and exercising their huge wings at this point—sometimes hitting another one in the face while doing so. The nest is over six feet wide and it’s getting crowded now and more so when mom and dad join them. Rest assured that the nest is strong as it weighs about one thousand pounds and is 80 feet up in a cottonwood tree! And day and night, mom and dad are always close by in another tree: They do not leave these babies alone. But they are letting them sleep alone more now so that they will become independent—for that is how nature is.
As a watcher [along with millions] it is so hilarious to see a juvie see itself in the metal casing of the web cam! One will stare and stare and you can come to believe that it is staring at you: The camera is that close. And what faces they have—so inquisitive and so cute.
By the fourth of July or maybe sooner, they will start to fledge and that means flying. But first they will do branching which means that they will jump from branch to branch first before they get their wings ready for a real flight. And no, they will not resemble their parents for they won’t get their white heads, yellow beaks or yellow eyes till they are four or five years old.
For the millions of us watching this unbelievable experience, it is a once in a lifetime chance to witness the birth and growth of these three bald eagles as well as their caring and beautiful parents.
Rob McIntyre, the president of Raptor Resoure Project, passed away while attempting to help a neighbor in Minnesota after the horrible tornado. He suffered a fatal heart attack. And his passing created a huge void with those he was associated with in the project. Didn’t know him but had seen his photos and information on the Raptor Resource Project home page online and he had spent his life working with bald eagles.
Rest assured that when these three juvie bald eagles take off, Rob’s spirit will be flying with them in the form of an eagle: How could it not?
I’d like to thank everyone including RRP and UStream for providing this unique experience for letting us all be right there in the nest—even if we are looking at it on a computer monitor. I’ve learned so much, witnessed so much and laughed when chatters write a post till I think that I am definitely an “eagleholic:” No, I don’t think it. I know I am one. Kudos to the moderators who selfishly are giving their time to keep order and civility on the live chat: You guys rock. And kudos to Bob Anderson who has panned the camera so much so that we can get views that are breathtaking.
If you’re out and about, don’t look down. Look up! You may just catch the site of a bald eagle soaring above you and you will be witnessing a miracle in feathers. This raptor is the top of the food chain with only man being its enemy—they are nationally protected by law. And well they should be. And also well that they are our national symbol—freedom, strength and majesty is what America stands for and so does the bald eagle.
Sherry HillBrist physics major degree requirements, and registering for elective seminars. Which college degrees give you the best chances of finding employment after graduation? The field of engineering requires either an associates degree for entry-level technical workers, or a bachelors degree for professional engineers. Concentrating on Bristol Community College physics major degree requirements, Deerfield Academy physics department ranking Regional Power System Engineer
Schneider Electric
Electrical distribution design. Regional Power System Engineer. Electrical maintenance and testing experience..
4 days ago Installation and Calibration Engineer
United Technical Support Services
*Summary* Travels nationwide 80 to 100 percent, to perform installation and calibration services for hospital-grade medical equipment for major OEM partners
6 days agoThe 1st national Conference on Languange Teaching of Suryakancana, CONNECTS 2017 will be held at January 21,2017 at Suryakancana Auditorium. The topic of our conference this year is “Building Multiliteracies among Language Teachers in Facing 21st Century.” The sub-themes of this conference include: The Use of ICT in ELT/CALL, Literature in ELT, Classroom Action Reserach, Applied Linguistics, Best Practice in ELT, Classroom Discourse, Language Evaluation and Assessment, EFL Methodology, TEYL, Character building in ELT, Critical Thinking in ELT, English across Culture, Exploring Local Values, and Culture in ELT. The topic is very relevant to current demand of Indonesia poeple in dealing with ASEAN Economic Community era, when competition is getting harder and human resources should be able to keep up with technology development to be multiliterated teachers in facing 21st century. The topic is also in line with the vission of Suryakancana University to be as nationally standardized and internationally acknowledged institution in 2031. This conference is held by the students of 5th semester and supervised by the lecturers of English Education Study Program of Faculty of Education and Teacher Training of Suryakancana University Cianjur. There are two plenary sessions, two workshops, and twenty pararell sessions while each pararell consists of three to four presentations. The keynote speakers for Connects 2017 are Eri Kurniawan, M.A., Ph.D from Universitas Pendidikan Indonesia as President of ALTI, Dr. Gumawang Jati from Institut Teknologi Bandung as i-Tell President, Finita Dewi, S.S., MA from Universitas Pendidikan Indonesia as Edmodo Ambassador, and Badriah, M.Pd as The scond Best of national Teacher Competion 2015. There pararell presenters and participants come from various universities all around Indonesia such as UPI, UNPAD, UNY, UNM, Universitas Sebelas Maret, Universitas Singa Perbangsa, Universitas Siliwangi, and also from Suryakancana University. Selected papers are published on Connects 2017 proceeding with ISBN. Hopefully, it could be held annually and internationally that would involve all of counterparts.. Boy Girl Hawaiian Birthday Invitation Tropical Photo. Baby Mickey Mouse Minnie Mouse TWIN Birthday Invitation. Patterned Pair 4x8 Invitation Twin Birthday Invitations Shutterfly. Bright Balloons Twin Birthday Invitation. Personalised Birthday Photo Invitations Twins Design 5. Mickey Minnie Twin First Birthday Party Invitations Amys Card. Twin Birthday Invitations. Twin Birthday Invitations Custom Twin Birthday Invites Shutterfly. Fun For Two 4x8 Photo Card Twin Birthday Invitations Shutterfly. Twin Birthday Invitations Wblqualcom. Christening And Birthday Invitations Collage Twin Photo Baptism. 354 Best Baptism Invitations Images On Pinterest Birthdays Card. Birthday Invitation Card Twin Girl Baby Shower Invitations.Formalistic analysis of kate chopins desirees baby
Desiree’s baby thesis statements and important quotes below you will find five outstanding thesis statements for “desiree’s baby” by kate own analysis. How to cite in critical analysis of kate chopin's short stories kate. How to cite these papers were written primarily by students and provide critical analysis of desiree's baby by kate chopin. In désirée’s baby by kate chopin we have the theme of identity, racism, gender and shame taken from her bayou folk collection the story is narrated in the.
Désirée’s baby by kate chopin baby, half naked, lay desiree had not changed the thin white garment nor the slippers which she wore. Report abuse home college guide college essays literary analysis of desiree's baby it is an literary analysis baby, written by kate. Kate chopin’s desiree’s baby is a powerful story about race, class, and the norms of society the story was set in a period before the american civil war during.
Homework solved step-by-step answers to all your high school and college homework free so you'll be alright you'll make it through another night. Desiree’s baby has been set in the days before the abolition of analysis of desirees baby by kate chopin english literature essay (chopin) this. Essay on formalistic analysis of kate chopin's desiree's baby 946 words | 4 pages the tone and mood created throughout the text and its drastic shift greatly affect. Despite its brevity kate chopin’s “desiree’s baby” offers a rich disruptions of meanings in kate chopin it is necessary to present an analysis of how. Free and custom essays at essaypediacom take a look at written paper - analysis of kate chopin's desiree's baby & the awakening.
Desiree's baby essays - formalistic analysis of kate chopin's desiree's baby. Need help with désirée’s baby in kate chopin's désirée’s baby summary & analysis from wwwlitchartscom/lit/desiree-s-baby/summary-and-analysis. Comparative analysis essay on kate chopin's desiree's baby, the story of an hour and the storm. Desiree's baby as the day was pleasant, madame valmonde drove over to l'abri to see desiree and the baby it made her laugh to think of desiree with a baby.
Desiree’s baby has been set in the days before the abolition of slavery in the big farms/plantations owned by whites and tendered by black slaves in the. Introduction in the short story, desiree’s baby, written by kate chopin there is a sense of kar. 19-century literature (male-dominated, hard for women like kate chopin) psychological displacement: kate chopin--desiree's baby. Below you will find five outstanding thesis statements for “desiree’s baby” by your own analysis and desiree’s baby” by kate chopin will help. Below is a free excerpt of critical analysis of desiree's baby in “desiree’s baby,” kate chopin uses an ironic tone desiree's baby literary analysis.
- This one-page guide includes a plot summary and brief analysis of desiree’s baby by kate chopin desiree’s baby summary supersummary.
- Desiree's baby by kate chopin (audiobook) désirées baby - full analysis - duration: desirees baby - duration.
Désirée’s baby is a short story by the american writer kate chopin, published in 1893 it is about miscegenation in creole louisiana during the antebellum period. Origin/racism nationality or birth origin is very important throughout desiree's baby the concept of birth origin first appears when desiree is found by monsieur. In kate chopin’s “desiree’s baby,” the reasons for armond aubigny’s cruelty toward the slaves can be found in the childhood trauma. Desiree's baby by:kate chopin madison mcuff setting the setting is in l'abri & particularly in valmonde around the late 1800's the protagonist is desiree and baby.Saint Peter-Butovo
Abstract
The Moscow scandal concerning Southern Butovo leads to a certain “divide” between the different stages of development in our civil society. The new Housing Code, which maintenance is directly associated with the fussing around high-density development and land relations in the cities, has been a final document in the complex of regulations – the Civil Code, the Land Code, the Town Planning Code etc. These documents have defined the legal space to master. Then our cities will become property of the citizens, but not of the elite representatives, officials and deputies delegated to the governing bodies. In his interview for “New Peterburg” newspaper (2006) Vladimir Pavlov expressed his thoughts about the matters of property and the owners, the land use and the authorities. He thinks that the real estates and their owners need a new system of relations between each other.
Keywords
Full Text:PDF (Русский)
DOI:
DOI (PDF (Русский)):
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.A mountain climber wouldn’t think of climbing a mountain without having the right gear, you also wouldn’t want to buy a business without the help of the right Advisor. Finding the right Business Acquisition Services Advisor to help cut through the complex issues of structuring a deal can make a big difference between a successful acquisition and knowing when to walk away from a bad deal. Buyers count on American Fortune Business Acquisition Services firm for all of necessary support and expertise to successfully buy a business. American Fortune will help a buyer to buy a business by assisting them with the whole project or specific buy side services to suit their needs. American Fortune serves all areas of the continental USA.
The following is a sample list of American Fortune acquisition services:
- Perform Business Due Diligence
- Minimize Taxes on Acquisitions
- Perform a Business Valuation
- Perform Buy Analysis
- Structure a Deal
- Perform Contract and Deal Negotiations
The Market Professionals
American Fortune is a service provider in mergers and acquisitions for acquisitions of small to medium size businesses. American Fortune is dedicated to serving the needs of business buyer clients with sound judgment and unparalleled expertise. The firm’s acquisition services provide a realistic and practical approach to evaluating and negotiating an acquisition of a business. They help assure that the business acquisition is successful and that the business continues to prosper well into the future.
Tips for “How to Successfully Buy a Business”
First they make sure the business opportunity of choice complies with all business with all the Federal, State and Local governmental regulations and that it is properly registered and is in good standing. Next, they find out if the business opportunity of interest provides an offering prospectus to buyers. If it’s a business opportunity that falls under the FTC rule, then it’s required to disclose specific information to the buyer.
To successfully buy a business, a buyer needs to keep in mind that buying a successful business with a several locations that has a successful ten year track record, the price for such established business will be higher than a business with a shorter track record. In the acquisition consideration of a more recently established business, the buyer should check out its history very carefully to make sure the sellers are not just dumping a bad business “painted for the market”. In seeking guidance from a Merger & Acquisition Advisor or Investment Banker to evaluate the “right” business opportunity, the buyer would receive the following recommendations and guidelines:
1. The buyer needs to make a honest evaluation of themselves and their abilities. If the buyer has been sitting behind a desk for many years, will they be happy calling on business people and selling them products or intangible service? Do they posses marketing and sales experience?
2. The buyer must be prepared to run their business enthusiastically. Will they be happy introducing a new product or an unusual service that the public knows nothing about? Can they generate honest excitement for a product or service?
3. The buyer must have complete knowledge of the product or service with which they will be involved. If the seller of the business gives the buyer little or no training in technical or management know-how, the buyer should be wary of the business opportunity. If the seller has organized all the operating knowledge into a standard operating manual, the buyer can look with favor upon such a business opportunity.
4. The buyer should make a market evaluation of the product or service to be offered. Is the market likely to remain strong for the product or services for many years to come? Have competitors entered the market and will they become a threat to the business?
5. Find out how many other companies have been in this industry successfully for a respectable period of time. A legitimate seller will provide a buyer with information to make them confident that they are making the right decision.
6. Check the training and experience required to run the business properly. Is there a suitable curriculum of training? What is the scope of training and third party support? Does the buyer’s background fit the requirements of operating this business successfully?
7. What is the company’s profit ratio to sales; to time and service requirements; and to the financial leverage requirements? Can the buyer make more in another type of business?
8. Does the buyer have to work more hours to make the same amount of money as that of their current job? Can the buyer invest the same amount in the business opportunity yet operate a larger operation and get a better return on investment?
9. Research company’s history. Is it a newer company with a limited track record? Is it an older firm whose regular products have satisfied customers for years? Is in an older company whose products or services that have outlived their usefulness?
10. Evaluate the company with the associations and business groups in which the company or seller is involved. Business owners in specific industries flock together via seminars and conferences and therefore get to know each other. Tapping into the grapevine within the industry can be very helpful in learning some inside information.
11. The Better Business Bureau and similar groups collect complaints about a business. These groups will provide a report showing any previous complaints against the company.
12. Having an Merger and Acquisition Advisor plus some assistance from an attorney, accountant or a business consultant is of the utmost importance. A Merger and Acquisition Advisor is very versed and experienced in all of the issues relating to the sale or acquisition of a business. They can conduct an in-depth study/review and guide and protect the business buyer through process to successfully buy a business.
American Fortune has provided expert help to business buyers on how to successfully buy a business via our credible and experienced Business Acquisition Services in the following areas: Louisville Kentucky, Lexington Kentucky, Bowling Green Kentucky, Nashville Tennessee, Memphis Tennessee, Cincinnati Ohio, Dayton Ohio, Columbus Ohio, Toledo Ohio, Cleveland Ohio, Pittsburgh Pennsylvania, Baltimore Maryland, Indianapolis Indiana, Chicago Illinois, Detroit Michigan, Flint Michigan, Atlanta Georgia, St. Louis Missouri, Kansas City Kansas, Des Moines Iowa, Minneapolis Minnesota, Oklahoma City Oklahoma, Dallas Texas, Fort Worth Texas, Denver Colorado, San Francisco California, Salt Lake City Utah, Phoenix Arizona, Los Angeles California, San Diego California.
American Fortune Corporate Offices Are Located at 505 Third Street, Suite 301, Louisville, Kentucky 40202. Phone: 502-244-0480; E-mail: info@fortunebta.com Call our office to speak with one of our Advisors and learn how to successfully buy a business.
American Fortune Business Acquisition Services is a division of American Fortune Mergers & Acquisitions, LLCFantasy Football Report
Week 12
November 26, 29, 30
2015 Fantasy Football Season
Divisional
Standings
Team of the Week:
The P-Town Punkrockers
Careful folks, the champs are back to form, and just in time for the playoffs. If they stay at this pace we might see a repeat winner, which has not happened since the 2009 to 2010 seasons.I got off to a bad start, the referees weren't too clear in communicating fouls which led to some miscalls early. I fixed that, but the game itself wasn't very exciting. Humboldt got off to a quick 10-2 run, but Johnson answered that with a run later in the 1st half that never seemed to end. It was more of the same in the 2nd, although Humboldt gave one last breath before succumbing in a 80-65 victory for Johnson.
My co-worker happened to be an assistant coach on the Humboldt boys team, and his connections may have led to some neutrality issues. Most of the time when I referred to Johnson, he wouldn't reply, although he elaborated on Humboldt whenever I brought them up.
That said, here's my game analysis.
Johnson has an outside chance of going deep in the state tournament. Their free throw shooting is a problem, they shoot just 61% as a team and have some issues making the easy looks count. They make up for it with outstanding defense, led by Carolyn Mobley. Their win against Humboldt can be credited to their offensive rebounding. The Governors have many sharp-shooters, something few teams have, which should get them past their section and into state.
Humboldt has faired well against teams in their section, but their weaknesses are lack of experience and no big players to help the inside game. Their shot selection needs work. I think they're better than what they showed tonight, but they need to be more consistent. The Hicks sisters mesh well, can shoot from the perimeter and go inside. The only downside? None of them are above 5'5". Finally, Humboldt has a great problem on their hands; they won't lose anyone to graduation next year.
A Super Ball was thrown on the court undetected late in the 2nd half. Fortunately, it stayed behind the players, but the officials need to pay attention for foreign objects. Someone could have been injured had there been a fast break.
Next TV Game:
Twin Cities Championship Game (likely a rematch of South vs. Central), St. Paul site @ 2:30 p.m.
Tuesday, February<<TQ2685 : Rosslyn Hill, London NW3
taken 9 years ago, near to Hampstead, Camden, Great Britain
Rosslyn Hill, London NW3
Looking across Rosslyn Hill.
- Road scene (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
TQ 268 855 [100m precision]
WGS84: 51:33.2910N 0:10.2937W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
TQ 268<<In this post, you will see a live trade that I have taken on the 21st Oct 2015.
Do note that this trade is being copied over to all users of my trade copier service.
In this video, I will show you the trade history for the entire month showing you all the trades that were taken this month so far.
You will also know the performance of the trade copier service so far this month.
Below is the live trade video showing you the entry of the trade
Below is the live trade video showing you the outcome of the trade as well as the trade history for this month so far
For those of you who are still struggling in your trading, you can take a look at my Forex Street University Course and the BTB Strategy is one strategy within the
Great trade as usual.
I have absolute trust in your service as I have been staying with your service for 10 months already.
You are the best.
Hi
You are a great mentor and trader.
I just join your trade copier at the start of this month and I have made $800 profits now.
I am impressed by your service and course.Get Desired Result from Custom Software Application Development
A small business or a large scale industry, be it anything, the use of software has become a usual practice for all. With the custom software application development, one can get desired results without much effort. The software can even lower down the total cost of the investment. Just by doing one-time investment, one can see more productivity and even get work efficiency at all levels. Administration, monitoring and management, all this process can be easily handled with the use of the advanced software program which are available in the market today. One can even get this software from Webmyne- a leading custom software development company.
Custom Software Development
Credit should be given to such companies which listen to every need of the business and develops software accordingly. These firms are even adept in developing custom software application for various businesses. If one is thinking of venturing into a business avenue than the use of the standard software program will not do. One should take help from the custom software development service which provide any help to the agency with their custom software development plans. The custom software solutions can help a business to target specific business areas and provide optimum result for the same. These software’s are also cost effective and this is an added advantage.
Custom software development is exclusive for people who want to grow their business and bring them to the top notch. One can even search on internet and find the best custom software developers within minutes. One just needs to do a thorough research to establish his reliability of an online custom software developer and get the most beneficial deal.Player: Mitch Berger
Date: 2/1/2009
Date: 2/1/2009
You know who you never expect to flop for the sake of getting a penalty in a football game? The holder on a field goal attempt. In a Super Bowl game. On a penalty that never should have been called. By a ref who must have thought this was an exhibition game. Sigh.Performance Rating:The new test, designed by chemical engineering professor Christopher Love, examines individual immune cells looking for cytokenes. Cytokenes are a type of protein produced by T cells and other immune cells when an allergic reaction occurs. Traditional allergy tests detect antibodies specific to the allergen in question but these antibodies can be generated even when no allergy exists. Under current tests, up to 30% of people test positive for one or more food allergy, but the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases says the real figure is closer to 5% of the population.
Isolating these cytokenes requires separating the white blood cells from the rest of a blood sample, exposing them to a potential allergen, and placing approximately 100,000 individual cells onto a rubber sheet in a lattice pattern. Using a process called microengraving, the cytokenes produced by each cell are imprinted onto a glass slide and precisely measured.
Professor Love is currently working with researchers at Children’s Hospital Boston to test the response of children with milk allergies and help pinpoint the exact relationship between cytokenes and allergic reactions. Many further clinical tests are necessary before cytokene measurement can be used as a real diagnostic tool, but so far it shows a lot of potential as a replacement for the often inaccurate and usually unpleasant skin patch tests currently used today.
TFOT previously reported on other allergy treatments including the use of Chinese herbal drugs to treat peanut and other food allergies and the use of an artificial antibody to inhibit asthma and allergic reactions before they have a chance to get started. TFOT has also reported on the use of a common allergy drug to treat mild cases of Alzheimer’s disease.
Read more about this new method for diagnosing food allergies in this MIT press release or at Professor Love’s research site.Product Description
Details
Lenox Opal Innocence Scroll Sugar Bowl 814735
While this sugar bowl is designed to serve sugar and other sweeteners, it also makes a beautiful display piece when not in use. That's because the white-bodied china is decorated with a tone-on-tone scroll motif.
- SKU: 814735
- Manufacturer: Lenox
- Category: Fine Dinnerware
- UPC: 882864258120
- Shape: Sugar Bowl W/Lid
- Pattern: Opal Innocence Scroll
- Country of Origin: Made In Usa
- Features:
- Crafted of Lenox fine white bone china accented with precious platinum
- Hand-applied enamel dots
- Dishwasher safe
- Made in USA
- Height: 5 1/3"
- Capacity: 8 oz. Opal Innocence Stripe Serving Bowl 814738
Regular Price: $233.94
Now only: $179.95As low as: $152.96 Opal Innocence Stripe Sugar Bowl 814740
Regular Price: $181.94
Now only: $139.95As low as: $118.96Website Worth and Statistics for Domain: nukearab.com
Last update: Oct 14, 2015
Find the best content from nukearab.com right here. Direct fast access to nukearab.com. Our network of dedicated servers connects via a fast connection to any website. We do not host any files on our server. Visit nukearab.com. This website contains information about nukearab.com and. The data come from various sources. nukearab.com is not affiliated with us in any way. We offer statistics, hosting information, server information, google pagerank information. Google pagerank of this site can be found below.
Domain information
Site Information
How engaged are visitors to nukeThis pasta salad takes alittle more effort than most, but believe me it is worth it with the combination of flavors and textures it’s sure to be a hit.
My first couple of years working at Sherwin Williams, I was starting a new color marketing department, and I was located in the laboratory with the color scientists. Yes, they were in lab coats, and I was wearing my Liz Claiborne suits. However, we all got along great. In fact, one little sweetie that I was very happy to call my friend, Ann Marie, gave me her pasta recipe, and I’ve loved it ever since. Beware, there are a lot of ingredients, but you will be remembered for this. Try it at home and then think carefully before you share it with others. You may be forced to bring it every year!
Ingredients List:
- 16 oz. rotini noodles cooked and cooled
- 1 ½ cups broccoli flowerettes
- 1 ½ cups cherry tomatoes halved
- 1 large carrot cut in slices
- 1 cup mushroom slices
- ½ cup black olive slices
- Slivered pepperoni slices
- Small cubes mozzarella cheese
Dressing:
- 4 cups fresh parsley
- 1 cup olive oil
- 2 cloves garlic
- ½ cup walnuts or pine nuts
- ½ cup parmesan cheese
- 1 ½ tsp. dry sweet basil
- ½ tsp. salt
- ¼ tsp. pepper
- Red wine vinegar
Instructions:
1. Blend all dressing ingredients in blender except for the Red Wine Vinegar until smooth.
2. Afterwards, add vinegar to taste.
3. In a large bowl, mix approximately half of the dressing into the rotini noodles to coat well.
4. Add other ingredients and mix.
5. Then add the remaining dressing. Toss until coated. Serve the same day or keep all ingredients separate and mix together just prior to serving.
This recipe makes more than enough for dinner for a family of six. If you are cooking for an even bigger crowd, double it! Enjoy!
Shari
Very good. One of the reasons i love summer is because things for most salads are fresh.Hrithik Roshan in seven hills hospital photo.
Sonali-Bendre-Visit-Aishwarya rai-at-Seven-hills-hospital.
Bollywood star at seven hills hospital.
Exclusive photo of Bollywood stars leaks at seven hills hospital.
Photo-of-bollywood-stars-leaks-when-they-visit-aishwarya-rai and her baby.
Bollywood star picture leaks.
Bollywood star started to visit the Aishwarya rai and his new baby girl in seven hillis hospital.
The first visitors of the new Bachchan at the Seven Hills hospital were Sonali Bendre and husband Goldie Behl, who is also Abhishek’s best friend.
Bollywood top hero Hrithik Roshan and Sussanne Roshan also came to hospital to visit the aishwarya and her baby BATI B.
Top filmmaker of Indian bollywood Apoorva Lakhia and Bunty Walia, visited the hospital the aishwarya rai and her baby BATI B.
Amitab bachan and Abhishek was also present at the hospital and he welcome the and deal the guest who’s are coming to see the new baby girl
Melody queen Lata Mangeshkar send her best wished for Aishwarya rai and her new born baby Girl BATI B.She didn’t come to hospital but she write a message on twitter and send a bouquet of flower for aishwarya rai and her baby girl BATI B.
Abhishek said at twiter that he can’t wait to bring his new-born daughter and wife, Ash home. The Bollywood star says that his family is overwhelmed with all the love they have received from all fans, media and the industry. Abhishek also thanked the media for its support.
Still name is not decided and bachchan family starting to call the new born aishwarya rai baby by name of BATI B.
Abhishek write at twitter that Delivery of aishwarya rai was normal.And gynclosgist also confirm that aishwarya rai new baby is delivered by normal operation and aiswaraya rai shows a good courage in whole procedure.aishwarya rai is still admitted in hospital and soon they leave the hospital.
Bachchan family appreciate the role of Media and they was satisfy with the Role of media in the whole case of delivery.Urgent Message: Chief Experience Officer is not a title for another CEO. It’s a job that handles the most important responsibility in today’s experience economy, the responsibility to: manage your daily patients’ service problems, contribute to build strong corporate culture, and to full-fill your brand’s promise.
It was a clear beautiful morning that you can smell the breeze, with a few cars in the street, It was the Labor Day. I reached the office by 8:05am and I saw a patient standing outside the office, both receptionists were late however I never expected someone to show-up that early. When I opened the door and we both entered, she signed-in and said: “Your website said your office open at 8:00am!”
In today’s real time and transparent media, you can say whatever you want on any communication medium you like. If you don’t like a product or a restaurant, you can review it online in seconds. One day; I got a tweet from a patient complaining about the long waiting time in our office. In a minute, I spoke with the doctor to keep an eye on the flow, I called the nurse practitioner to help and I apologized to the patient at the checkout.
Whether the waiting room is hot or cold; the TV channel is fun or boring; the carpet is clear or dirty. If you just started the day or night preparing to close, Chief Patient Experience Officer (CXO) or as I call it Real-Time Officer should be there to help resolve these problems to keep the patient’s expectations of your brand. Someone has to take the lead and manage your patient experience’s problems and everyone in your team has to be part of that solution.
Your Offline Customer Experience
Your patient experience started from the day the patient call your office or walk-in after seeing a signage. Let’s look at some of the details that can form an experience that is mostly not on the Internet.
– Answering Phone Calls: A receptionist who picks the phone after one or two rings along with mentioning the company name and her/his has a name is good customer service. I asked one of my receptionist to say “How can I make you happy today?” instead of “How can I help you?”. She said “I felt all of the patients were smiling when I said that and they told me: this is so sweet.” Try to use healthy tips during the hold time, our center use Muzak.com with a different healthy tips every season. You want to add value to your customer whenever possible and at every interaction. Phone calls are not going soon so use smart strategies for first impression and as always smile when you greet!
– Personalized Healthcare is the new marketing for your clinic. A medical center with small area for high tech patients supported by free Wi-Fi along with a desktop is good to have. Another play area for kids on the side, one area with comfortable chairs and easy to access toilet for seniors will be a waiting room patients could forget how much time they spent waiting. You need to market as person to person (P2P), you can’t treat all people the same anymore and so you have to create a unique experience for each patient.
Thank You for Your Business: Thanking your patients for their business is good. Handing your new patients appreciation gift is great; sending a written note to the patients for referring their friends and family members is awesome. There are many gift ideas at 4imprint.com, choose a gift the patient would love to keep and a reminder for the great experience at your center.
Whether your patient on hold, in the waiting room or in the exam room. As the patient enters your doorstep, it’s good to watch and reevaluate anything that doesn’t work.
Your Online Customer Experience
– Website: Your website isn’t just a link that listed on your business card or advertising tools. Your website contents should reflect the season we are in and let the prospects take action. Try to update the contents on the social media networks every day. Monitor your pages analytics and blog on a daily basis. Giving prospects what they need about your clinic online will make them visit your website again or at least follow your social media networks.
– Social Media: This is where prospects and your patients follow you. This is where you add value to your followers, this where you encourage discussions about health topics and here is your listening station. Social media networks are extension to your online brand presence and a place where you connect your fans emotionally to your brand. The patient could visit you one time but if patient follows you, the connection will mostly stay forever but remember to treat every social channel audience within its context.
– Organic Search: Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is not dead. SEO is one of the ways to optimize your website and to rank in the first page of Google. Your medical clinic should rank first in the zip code and city you are in. Doctor offices are getting busier so people will click on what appears first and read about the services and office hours. Paid advertising such as Google Adwords Express, Yellow Pages or Facebook are effective tools for directing prospects to your website to increase the traffic and so the ranking. Google is working to make its algorithm an opportunity for good user experience design to rank first, all you have to do is to feed it with healthy contents.
The smart patient experience designer have to figure out a way to make patients enjoying offline experience go online and do something.
Customer Experience in Real Time
The question is: How do you leverage the power of real-time in your customer experience strategy?
Real-time means reacting in real, or near-real time. It’s about relevant action to solve problem that could hurt your brand offline or online and it’s better to manage it offline before it escalated online. Remember, the longer and higher a client complaint lives in an organization, the more it grows.
Real-time is a mindset and in today’s media revolution, you need to have a team who can be part of real-time solutions.
Zappos.com views culture and brand as two sides of the same coin. Social media is an opportunity to build relationships with customers, the brand naturally is helped by the culture. To have a culture, you need a team, make sure they have real-time mindset.
Conclusion:
You could say it’s just a tweet or another Yelp review. You could say it’s just another patient complaint or a routine problem in your clinic. I tell you, your brand is a collection of your customer’s experiences. If you don’t take immediate action even to 140 character message then your brand will die soon.
You should never hope a problem will magically go away, or that someone else will deal with it. Deal with every issue head-on, no matter how small. It’s a tiny detail that separates your clinic from the rest so give your prospects a reason to try your service. The retail and urgent care competition are on the rise, you have to convoy the revolution and manage your business in real-time else someone else will.
Basically, a CXO is similar to a property manager but for medical clinics, since they can answer phone calls, personalize health care, and thank your customers for their business. That’s interesting since I never thought that medical clinics have such employees. It would be quite the treat though since they’ll provide the customer services for the clients. Additionally, market you online too. Hopefully, more medical clinics update and get them. That should make the clinics more lively. Thanks!LAKE."
LAKE."
The "tier 2" option, school officials have said, would preserve existing programs and services, while the other options would require layoffs and other cuts.
"I'm going to recommend to the school committee tonight to adopt the full budget request knowing this is a starting point for our communities and that over the course of the next couple of months we're going to be working to provide an adequate budget that can be funded by the communities but can also provide what we need here as a school community to effectively educate our children," said interim Superintendent Dr. Jessica Huizenga.
Before taking a vote, Chairman David Goodfellow invited discussion by committee members pertaining to the number.
"I guess I'll be blunt," said committee member John Olivieri, "I've heard on a couple occasions ... why, if we know that this is 'just a starting point', are we even going to use that number? In all reality we know right now that the communities are not going to be able to support this."
Mr. Olivieri said he was in favor of the tier 2 budget in terms of what it provides educationally, but he said he does not think the voted number will stand.
"Obviously we have to vote a budget number," said Mr. Goodfellow, noting that the state aid number is still up in the air, as is what the towns will be able to afford. " I share your frustration. I wish we had the answers we really need — they're just not here yet."
Committee member Derek Gracia pointed out that low class size was the number one priority when the two towns agreed to fully regionalize.
"At a minimum we have to deliver that ... Anything below that fails miserably," he said.
"We kind of come to a point in our budget cycle over the last 2 years where our costs are just far exceeding what our revenue is," said Dr. Huizenga. "And John, to your point, I think the towns have made very clear that even our base budget is going to require an override ... When you're at that point where that base budget is going to have class sizes exceeding 30 from K-12 it puts us in an interesting quandary where yes, there's no line drawn in the sand but we're kind of at a point in our system ... where something has to be done and so my question is ... why not go to the public and ask for the educational program we feel we can best deliver on the future of their kids?"
Mr. Olivieri argued that a more realistic number of what the towns would be willing to pay would be better to support.
"A number of folks have told me that Freetown doesn't even want to put the ballot out there to have an override, so what does that do?" Said Mr. Olivieri. "I'm more interested in focusing down and getting as close to what is realistic as we can as opposed to going through this process that just drags out and causes a lot of angst for people."
Committee member Robert Noguiera argued that the voters in Freetown can get 10 signatures together to have a warrant article put on the town meeting warrant by petition if the elected officials are against allowing the voters to have their say with an override.
The motion to accept $33.7 million as the initial budget number was approved by majority vote.
Following the budget vote, the school committee discussed the district's next move concerning its superintendent-dilemma as a cancelled search has left them without a permanent replacement for Dr. Huizenga.
Massachusetts Association of School Committees representative and liaison to the district throughout the search process Glenn Koocher provided Mr. Goodfellow with a list of 62 names of potential candidates including retired superintendents to serve as interim while the district waits for the search process to reboot.
The committee decided to assign Mr. Goodfellow and Vice Chairman Robert Clark to interview a selection of candidates and ultimately determining the one who will be hired as interim. Their findings are to be presented at the next school committee meeting. which was to be held last night.
As for a permanent superintendent, the school committee decided to "table" all discussions on reopening the search until their first meeting in April.It is unlikely for me to post any new who!fics on this website. Continue the ones ongoing, yes. Some of my stories are finished out of the blue, because why bother, when nobody bothers to review?
I don't do on hiatus. :( If a story is not marked as finished, it will be continued. (Unless I change my mind and mark it as finished, of course. )
Try ao3, if you want to catch up with some of my other who!fics.
I have a heart and expectations, just like anybody else. Sometimes, a review is all one needs to keep going...
The abhorred no reviews - no updates policy is being kept at bay. For the time being. :(
Shortened versions are likely to happen, for the very same reason.A week of miracles. Oh my.
I don’t think I have ever worked harder in my life. We were out of the apartment for like 13 hours a day. Traveling and teaching and all that. I was just pooped all day and could hardly keep my eyes open. But somehow I got up every day and did what needed be done! It was great!
Monday was sick by the family Stein. Played UNO with them and taught their less active daughter who we didn’t even know was gonna be there. So much fun but also petty spiritual before UNO and all that. That was a miracle!
Then Tuesday, we taught 7 seven lessons. Soo tired. We were just leaving teaching one of our investigator in his apartment complex and realized there was a less active in the near. So we started walking and literally out of know where I just see this old lady standing at the door. And she’s like “come on in. I’m Frau Wertz” and we are just like what the crap. We get inside her apartment and we don’t know what is going on. This lady doesn’t know who we are or anything. She just like told us to come in. She just said she felt like she should invite us in. She started telling us how her husband died last year and how lonely she is. She really misses him and she was just like almost in tears when we started telling her that she will see her husband again. And we set up another appt with her and we brought the sisters with us so they can teach her just cause she lives really close to them and stuff. But she has a BoM and now she’s a really promising investigator! That was a miracle!
Then Wednesday we taught another 6 lessons. That was another crazy day. Anyway, sickest part of the day. We go to meet Willy the priest in the Catholic MTC place. And we walk in the room and there’s just a room full of catholic priests. And one guy who already is one. And were just like “oh my” but we were really friendly and we sat down and all the sudden they just start asking us what we believe and before we knew it we were just preaching to all these priests. We only had one BoM on us but we gave that out and next time we return we are bringing a ton with us cause now they all want one. And they all took our pamphlets and it was just so sick. That was a miracle!
Thursday we taught 6 lessons. We met with this guy Nathan from Louisiana who’s a student and his bff is a missionary in SLC. And we had a little farewell lunch with him just cause he’s leaving and stuff and so is Elder Henderson. And it was awesome! At the end of the meal he just like told us how much we meant to him and how we were an answer to his prayers and that he’ll never forget us and just all this nice stuff. It was really nice to hear and made me way happy! That was a miracle!
Then ugh. Friday hit and everyone just started bailing on us! We had 5 lessons fall out! So bad! But we still managed to teach 3. Friday is the day that all the newly called trainers get called and told they’re training. And we’re living with a kid who’s just finishing up his first transfer and so we switched this other elder’s name to “president” and had him call and do an impersonation and tell him that he’s been called to be training. He was like freaking out and dry heaving he was so nervous! Ha-ha it was sooo good! We had to tell him shortly after that it was just a joke. So because all our appointments fell out we just decided to call the really lonely guy in our ward and see if we could meet him. We met with him and of course he insisted on playing UNO again. No complaints! I literally dominated. I won like 5 straight rounds. That’s what happens when you get as much practice as I do I guess. Idk what it is but Germans love UNO! That night was a miracle!
Then Saturday was when we found out where everyone is going. Since Henderson is going I’m getting a guy named Elder Brown. Who actually was Elder Henderson’s comp right before me. He’s just coming off being Heidelberg ZL, just like Henderson. Pretty odd, but I’ve met him before and he’s really cool and I’m way excited! I think it’ll be a lot of fun! Then we went and taught this fam of a daughter and mom and they’re way sick. the daughter is like 5. and they bought one of these crazy real looking babies and they named it Henry! Ha-ha so funny! The baby is freaking hideous but it was really sweet.
Then Sunday we finally taught enough lessons and we actually broke our mission record for lessons taught in one week! 31! I was so dead every night but Heavenly Father really blessed us with energy every day and we did it! plus one of the guys we taught in the catholic MTC called us and said that he went on mormon.org and chatted with a missionary and read 3 Nephi 11 and loved it and has questions and now he’s our investigator! Soooo sick! Then Sunday night we taught the kid named David. He’s so legit.We went through the baptismal interview questions cause he just wanted to know. And after we were like “there’s a baptismal date for the 4th of April” and he’s like “for who?” and were like “for you” and he’s like “ok” IT WAS SO SICK! So everybody pray that he will continue to prepare for it please! That was a miracle!
I talked to this guy on the street and he was immediately just like “I’m happy I don’t need religion” ha-ha! and it just made me think. A cool thing about this church is that it isn’t just for the hard times! Ya it helps a ton when we’re sad, but even when we’re happy it makes us even happier! So great!
Adam got transferred and now he’s like wayyy far away :/ but I should see him at Thursday in Frankfurt! So I’m excited for that! And we still call a lot so I love talking to him and talking about old times! But even when we think we’ve changed a ton, we still find ourselves making dumb jokes that no one else thinks are funny and laughing so hard! Some things never change!
Thanks for everything! Things here are good.
Bis nächsten Montag! Elder MorrisTransportation Design
What Dong Tran (’09) appreciates most about his degree in transportation design is the freedom it allowed him to pursue exactly what he wanted.
Tran is a lead designer at ICON Aircraft in Los Angeles and is currently working on the production interior and exterior of the ICON A5, the company’s first line of sport planes.
“Right out of school, I was able to pursue the career path/position I wanted, go where I wanted and choose from among opportunities presented to me—even though I had some hard choices to make!” said Tran. “I will always consider these as my greatest accomplishments in both my professional and personal life.
“I enjoy the fact that what I do involves more playing than work. It’s exciting to be part of a company whose sole purpose is to excite people and be awesome at every level. I enjoy getting up every day and coming to work knowing that I’m about to contribute in bringing an amazing product to life— from sketch to reality. Everyone I work with at ICON is truly world class in every way, and I am constantly learning new things.”
As a lead designer, Tran is involved in the process of helping define ICON’s design department as well as leading interior/exterior design and refinement of production and the future product lineup.
“Everyone at Icon has many shoes to fill as it is still considered a startup,” he explained. “My position is unique since ICON as a company itself is breaking new ground within the aviation industry. ICON is one of few aircraft companies to truly embrace industrial design as an important aspect of its products.
“The design department that I have the privilege of working with here at ICON is similar to those at other automotive/product/motorcycle design studios. The only main difference is that when I arrived at ICON, I was able to be involved with helping develop our design program under the direction of former BMW Designworks creative director, Klaus Tritschler whom I had gotten to know during my internship at BMW while at CCS.”
In his past year at ICON, Tran has experienced some of the challenges involved in production programs. He says that one of the biggest challenges at ICON also happens to be one of its greatest draws—the startup mentality.
“Everything is always on the verge of a breakthrough,” said Tran. “You are always on edge, and so is everyone else in the company… Details regarding the production A5 is and will remain confidential until it goes to market by early next year, but I can reveal that the A5 has just hit a major milestone over the last few weeks that involves safety.”
Tran credits the relationships he developed with faculty and other students at the College for Creative Studies as building his confidence as an emerging designer.
“Several professors supported me both personally and professionally,” he said. “Bryon Fitzpatrick as well as Larry Erickson and Mark West provided me with great leadership and support when it came to where I wanted my education to go. I was very blessed to have such a great support structure...
“I believe the greatest asset I experienced at CCS was the camaraderie among my peers. Our class was so strong because we leaned on each other."
We created a level of competition that really helped everyone pull through and create work of the highest quality.”
While Tran’s busy work schedule doesn’t allow much extra time, he does manage to maintain a healthy set of personal hobbies related to design that fulfill his “need to tinker.”
“I love to work on anything mechanical and own quite a few two-wheeled and four-wheeled toys that I work on if I have spare time,” said Tran. “I also build motorcycles as well as dune buggies and am currently working toward my sports flying license. I think this comes with the territory of working at an aircraft company.
“My long term goals have always been to branch off and do what I truly want to do. I have never been someone to hold back the fact that I want to learn as much as I can and get as much experience as I can to eventually start something myself. I think this might be the ultimate goal for most people, true design freedom.”Barack Obama: The worst President in the history of the USA
07.09.2013
CLICK FULL REPORT:>>
Pravda.Ru
====================================
>
CLICK FULL REPORT:
(SNIP)
"Rationally, the regime should calculate that it can deal with any summons of Syrian officials by refusing to turn any suspects over, or, in extreme cases by engineering 'suicides'."
So, therefore, next point, "Possible action" in capitals, and I quote: "PLAY ON SUNNI FEARS OF IRANIAN INFLUENCE".
First ball out of the box? Saudi Arabia: ."
And apart from that, discourage other countries to invest in Syria, particularly Foreign Direct Investment: "DISCOURAGE FDI, ESPECIALLY FROM THE GULF".
Internally, back in 2006, the USA was already considering using the Kurds as instruments of its anti-Assad policy: "THE KURDS: The most organized and daring political opposition and civil society groups are among the ethnic minority Kurds, concentrated in Syria's northeast, as well as in communities in Damascus and Aleppo".
And now the bombshell: "Extremist elements increasingly use Syria as a base, while the SARG has taken some actions against groups stating links to Al-Qaeda".
"Possible Actions: ..."
I will quote the conclusion to this document in its entirety:
."
2006. So, what was that about a chemical attack? Is Congress really going to ignore the sheer evil which underlies the foreign policy of the United States of America? Those voting in favour of military action are underlining the claims of those who say that instead of change, the USA needs a revolution.
Is Congress rotten to the core, or does it listen to its Constituents? Tomorrow we shall see.
Look at the photograph. Are these unarmed civilians? No, they are not...
Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey
Pravda.Ru
===============================
West of The Rockies welcomes tonight's Special Guest: Former U.S. Military Intelligence Agent and early whistleblower on Iraqi torture, Frank "Greg" Ford will be on the show. He will walk us through the events surrounding the war in Iraq, the claims of WMDs, what happened after he reported the abuse of Iraqi detainees and the current situation in Syria. You absolutely don't want to miss it.
CLICK AUDIO PROGRAM: (IMPORTANT)
- PROOF THE SYRIAN WAR WAS PLANNED BY THE US William Mount, Mon Sep 9 17:01
- The worst President in the history of the USA APFN, Mon Sep 9 17:26
- The worst President in the history of the USA David Howard 924, Tue Sep 10 00:46If George Herbert Walker Bush had never been born, JFK would not have been assassinated and the attack on the World Trade Center would never have occurred.A 2012 study in the Journal of Applied and Basic Medical Research found that 2 to 4 percent of childbearing age women have low thyroid hormone levels. This means there are a lot of women who are affected by the fertility issues caused by hypothyroidism. Keep reading to find out how having low thyroid hormone levels can lead to risks before, during, and after childbirth.
Pre-Pregnancy
Hypothyroidism and low thyroid hormone levels can affect many different aspects of menstruation and ovulation. Having low levels of thyroxine, or T4, or elevated thyroid-releasing hormone (TRH) leads to high prolactin levels. This can cause either no egg to release during ovulation or an irregular egg release and difficulty conceiving.
Hypothyroidism can also cause a shortened second half of the menstrual cycle. This may not allow a fertilized egg enough time to attach to the womb. It can also cause low basal body temperature, high thyroid peroxidase (TPO) antibodies, and ovarian cysts, which can lead to pregnancy loss ] or an inability to become pregnant.
You should have your thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and T4 levels monitored prior to becoming pregnant. This is especially true if you have low thyroid hormones already or have had a miscarriage. High risk factors include a family history of thyroid problems or any other autoimmune disease. Tackling your hypothyroid symptoms early in the pregnancy planning stages allows for early treatment. This can lead to a more successful outcome.
Pregnancy
The symptoms of hypothyroidism are similar to early pregnancy symptoms. Hypothyroid symptoms in early pregnancy include:
- extreme tiredness
- weight gain
- sensitivity to cold temperatures
- muscle cramps
- difficulty concentrating
The treatment of hypothyroidism in pregnancy is generally the same as prior to conception. However, it’s important to inform your doctor as soon as you become pregnant so you can receive the proper treatment and it can be adjusted if necessary. Your doctor will check your TSH lab values every four to six weeks to ensure your hormones are in the appropriate range. Your thyroid hormone requirements rise during pregnancy to support the baby and yourself. It’s also important to note that your prenatal vitamin contains iron and calcium, which can block how the body uses thyroid hormone replacement therapy. You can avoid this problem by taking your thyroid replacement medicine and prenatal vitamin four to five hours apart
Your doctor will need to use special care to treat your hypothyroidism during your pregnancy. If not properly controlled, it can cause:
- maternal anemia
- increase in maternal blood pressure
- miscarriage or stillbirth
- low infant birth weight
- premature birth
Uncontrolled symptoms can also impact your baby’s growth and brain development.
Post-Pregnancy
After giving birth, postpartum thyroiditis is common. Women with autoimmune thyroid disease develop this complication more often. Postpartum thyroiditis commonly begins in the first three to six months after giving birth. This condition lasts several weeks to months. Some of the symptoms can be hard to distinguish from the struggles associated with becoming a new parent.
The symptoms of postpartum thyroiditis may occur in two stages:
- In the first stage, your symptoms might look like hyperthyroidism. For example, you may be nervous, cranky, have a pounding heartbeat, sudden weight loss, trouble with heat, fatigue, or difficulty sleeping.
- In the second stage, hypothyroid symptoms return. You may have no energy, trouble with cold temperatures, constipation, dry skin, aches and pains, and problems thinking clearly.
No two women are alike in how postpartum thyroiditis affects them. A higher risk for postpartum thyroiditis occurs in women with high-TPO antibodies in early pregnancy. This is due to a weakened immune system.
Hypothyroidism can also affect your milk production but with proper hormone replacement therapy, this problem often resolves.
The Takeaway
You should talk to your doctor if you’re trying to get pregnant and have underlying thyroid or autoimmune disease or prior pregnancy complications. Your doctor can order the appropriate tests and develop a healthy pregnancy plan. The earlier you can prepare, the better your chances are for a successful outcome. And don’t underestimate the importance of exercising regularly, eating healthily, and reducing your stress levels.Read more in Hypothyroidism Resources
Hypothyroidism and Pregnancy. (2012, October). Detecting and treating hypothyroidism before, during and after pregnancy. Retrieved from
Mayo Clinic Staff. (2013, August 20). Postpartum thyroiditis: Risk factors. Retrieved from
Pregnancy and thyroid disease. (2012, April). Retrieved from
Shimamoto, N. (2014). Maternal autoimmune disorders and breastfeeding. Retrieved from
Tudosa, R., Vartej, P., Horhoianu, I, Ghica, C., Mateescu, & Dumitrache, I. (2010, April 5). Maternal and fetal complications of the hypothyroidism-related pregnancy. Maedica, 5(2), 116-123. Retrieved from
Verma, I., Sood, R., Juneja, S., & Kaur, S. (2012). Prevalence of hypothyroidism in infertile women and evaluation of the response of treatment for hypothyroidism on infertility. International journal of applied and basic research, 2(1), 17-19. Retrieved from
Female Infertility. (2013, May 4). Retrieved fromHydeabad: Registrar of Co-Operatives, the Andhra Pradesh State Co-Operative Marketing Federation Limited, Hyderabad has announced AP Markfed Elections Schedule - 2013. Following is the detailed schedule:
1. Filing of nominations: 22nd February 2013
2. Scrutiny of nominations: 22nd February 2013
3. Withdraw of nominations: 23rd February
4. Announcement of list of the candidates in fray: 23rd February 2013
5. Polling date: 25th February 2013.
6. Counting of votes and announcement of results: 25th February.
Candidates have to file nominations in the prescribed format. Address: AP Markfed Office, 7th Floor, Parishrama Bhavan, Basheerbagh, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh.
Huge posters of candidates invoking visions of an end to &to=http:// english.pravda.ru/main/2000/10/16/262.html ' target=_blank>Israeli occupation fill Palestinian towns on the last day of campaigning for an election of Yasser Arafat's successor, but many voters are yet to be convinced.
Among Palestinians eyeing election regalia carpeting their towns, scepticism seemed to outweigh hope about prospects for a breakthrough toward statehood and peace with moderate &to=http:// english.pravda.ru/main/2003/05/30/47677.html ' target=_blank>Mahmoud Abbas on course to a landslide in Sunday's election.
"Talks will resume soon after the elections. The wheels of peace will eventually hit the road," said teacher Abdel-Salam Mohammad, considering what Abbas's rise meant after the death of Arafat, whom Israel boycotted as an alleged obstacle to peace, informs Reuters.
Although the main independent challenger, Mustafa Barghouti, claimed he had enough support to secure the Palestinian Authority presidency, opinion polls pointed to a clear victory for Mahmoud Abbas, candidate of the dominant &to=http:// english.pravda.ru/hotspots/2001/08/27/13488.html ' target=_blank>Fatah movement. Latest polls gave him between 59 and 65 per cent of the vote, with a maximum of 28 per cent for Mr Barghouti.
Whoever is declared the winner, in what will be one of the most intensively monitored votes in electoral history, will have the task of trying to revive direct negotiations with Israel, reports FinancialJust write it. Get your story written, then think revision
By Editor John David Kudrick
: “Just write what comes to mind and get it down on paper. You can always go back and revise it when you are done.”
So I figured I’d run with that notion and offer a few thoughts to those of you who are working on novels, but finding yourselves constantly wanting to self-edit during the writing process. On the whole, most novelists will tell you that self-editing during composition is a self-defeating endeavor that eventually brings writers to a halting screech—and often sends them in the direction of the kitchen for their favorite comfort food.
Why should you just write your story from start to finish without worrying about fixing this, that, and the other? Mainly, it’s because you want the passion and inspiration for your story to find its way out of your heart and imagination and onto the written page with little to no interruption of your creative flow. The STORY is the key; it’s why you’re dedicating a certain amount of your time and energy each day (hopefully) to an endeavor that might seem pointless to others who don’t hear the muse that writers do.
Your primary goal, then, is to get the story out of your creative center by transcribing what you see in your imagination as the tale unfolds there. Your goal is not to make sure that you used the right adjective here or the right character name there, or that you got point of view right or avoided using adverbs or cleaned up all your typos. That’s what subsequent drafts are for. For your first draft, just concentrate on getting the story onto the page. After that, leave it alone for a month or two while you work on something else, then go back to it and do a self-review to see what you’d like to revise (a favorite tip: print off the manuscript and read it aloud to yourself with colored pen in hand to make notes/edits).
This practice does assume that you are not going to allow anyone else to see your story throughout the writing of the first draft, for two main reasons. First, it helps keep the fire within you stoked because the story is yours and yours alone as you are discovering it. Second, it keeps you focused on telling the story the way you see it rather than having two or three friends and/or family members throw in their two cents about every scene or ask you questions about details. Once you have a draft finished, and maybe even a second draft, then you can (and should) allow some trusted reviewers to offer constructive comments, including family, friends, and a professional editor.
It’s a simple concept, I know, but the first job of a novelist is to tell stories. The self-editing and rewriting will come soon enough, so just write the story—and then take a moment to celebrate with those closest to you, because penning a novel takes a lot of work, and not too many people do it, even a lot of folks who consider themselves writers. Writing novels isn’t quite the glamorous job some people think it is. It can surely be fun, exciting, and invigorating, but it is still work. So just write it!
About the Author
JOHN DAVID KUDRICK (MA in Journalism, Professional Writing: Fiction).
Manuscript critique, substantive editing, copyediting, proofreading.
Christian fiction (all genres – for both adults and young adults), action, military, historical fiction, science fiction and fantasy, contemporary, mainstream, trade.ordinary things 0 June 23, 2015June 23, 2015 Written by hopeseguin Do not forget that the value and interest of life is not so much to do conspicuous things . . . as to do ordinary things with the perception of their enormous value. – Teilhard de Chardin Advertisements Share this:TwitterFacebookGoogleLike this:Like Loading... RelatedTuesday, January 29, 2008
Cloistered engagement
a freind. The museum was so inspiring, I think I may go more often.
You'll get more drawing from there and based on images from there. You
can go, do.
Saturday, January 5, 2008
It's a couple of days later, but...
Here's hoping your new year started off with a Bang! And that there are many more where that came from in the year to come. Hope you all enjoyed new years eve, and hopefully we will all see more of each other soon. By the way i actually finished this piece the day before the holiday, but i didn't get a chance to post it until now. Hope you like it!Summary: Number of dropouts, enrollment, dropout and graduation rates by grade, ethnicity
This database reports the total number of dropouts, enrollment, dropout rates, Average Freshman Graduation Rates (AFGR), and other completions by ethnicity for grades 9-12 for U.S. states. Data are not available for all categories in all years. Years reported refer to the first year of a traditional academic year, e.g., 2007 data reflect drop out and completion figures for academic year 2007-8. Note, for 2009, gender categories are not available.
Reported totals for diplomas can exceed the sum of the race/ethnicity detail because states may report students in the total for whom race/ethnicity is not reported. AFGR is calculated using reported enrollment base variables, which estimate the number of first-time freshmen for that class. (E.g., 2007-8 graduation rates are based on estimates of the number of freshmen four years earlier, in 2004-5.)
Geographic Coverage: States
Periodicity: Annually
Series Begins/Ends: 2005 - 2009
Data Source: National Center for Education StatisticsA south Derry man was remanded into custody today accused of robbing a Magherafelt bank.
Appearing in the dock of Omagh Magistrates Court, 26-year-old James Patrick Toner spoke only to confirm he understood the two charges against him while a police officer connected him to them.
Toner, from the Curr Road in Desertmartin, is accused of robbing £4,850 from the Ulster Bank in Magherafelt and blackmailing a woman in that he allegedly demanded money "with menaces" on June 22.
Toner's defence solicitor did not apply for bail so District Judge Bernie Kelly remanded the alleged robber into custody to appear in Magherafelt court via videolink on Wednesday.Bosch #0 280 120 308 ($41.13 US plus freight dropped shipped from Seattle) Bryan Doughty home.gci.net/~eurocar ----- Original Message ----- From: Phil Payne <quk@isham-research.demon.co.uk> To: <gerard@poboxes.com> Cc: <quattro@audifans.com> Sent: Wednesday, July 14, 1999 11:35 AM Subject: Re: questions... > In message <378CC0BC.64903FCB@poboxes.com> Gerard writes: > > > > 1. is there such a thing as a K-jetronic fuel distributor > > > and metering head rebuild kit? (new o-rings, etc.) > > No. Non-trivial. BTDT - got it right in the end (I did two) but I > don't think I'd bother again. > > > > 4. where can I get the improved type 2 WOT switch (p/n: 0 280 > > > 120 308 Bosch number as indicated by Scott Mockry > > > recently)? Local Bosch agent says US$95!! > > Audi is cheaper than Bosch for this part in the UK. > > -- > Phil Payne > UK Audi quattro Owners Club > Phone: 0385 302803 Fax: 0870 0883933Tap is a game-changing wearable that turns any surface into a touch-keyboard. The device translates finger taps into alphanumeric input, enabling you to type without a physical keyboard and opens up exciting potential for applications like VR, AR, and for the visual-impaired. We were thrilled by the challenge of designing the product and strived to achieve the perfect balance between comfort and beauty so people can adopt the technology easily and begin to use Tap in their daily lives. Check out the CNET coverage.
CLIENT: TAP
CATEGORY: Wearable Electronics
WORK: Product + Manufacturing + Art Direction
From concept sketching to hands-on model making, we went through countless number of prototype designs and material choices from soft foam to silicone, guided by methodical research into hand ergonomics and finger size data pools to arrive at a final design that is comfortable, understated, and adequately vigorous for everyday use.
The low-profile TPU rings are weaved together via a braided sheath to protect the internal Flex conduit. We developed a clever mechanism using printed silicone to make the rings size-adjustable to comfort-fit different hand sizes. All electronic hardware are condensed inside the compact thumb ring enclosure which also contains a laser mouse that uses finger-taps to replace mouse-clicks.
The integrated laser mouse switches from tap mode to mouse mode by simply resting your palm on the table surface. To ensure the most accurate tracking, we’ve added an intuitive gliding pad that automatically aligns the mouse to any flat surface. This compact assembly also contains the Bluetooth, haptic feedback, and contact charging through the dedicated charging case.
We designed a sleek charging case to keep the product protected and fully charged using contact charging. The case extends the product battery life by 8 times - powering the product for over a week without recharging the case. Rare-earth magnets are embedded inside the case to keep the product secure and prominently displayed through the transparent shield.Play your favorite casino games online at these real money casinos. Featuring reputable gambling sites that make it easy to deposit and highcountrystables.biz fehlt: enterhakenpistole. If you want to play online slots real money, you need to have an account at the right casino room and you also need to make sure you get your Es fehlt: enterhakenpistole. Real Money Slots Online. 1 Star 2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars. ( gamblers voted) | Make your vote count! - Top 10 Real Money Casinos; - Why play real Es fehlt: enterhakenpistole.
As long as a player is at a reputable casino powered by stable and renowned software, they can be assured security is not a concern. Praised online casino ohne anmeldung slots kostenlos slots regulars as much as by the band's online casino gaming sites slot spielen kostenlos, the Guns N'Roses video slots is a surprising and innovative game with lots of bonus rounds and mini-games. The RNG is also audited regularly by a respected independent auditor to ascertain that free casino games online spiele kostenlos und ohne anmeldung online spielen does indeed facilitate fair gameplay. On the 30th anniversary of that prayings, the Lord casino slots free online sizzling hot casino annoyed. Other than online slot machines gaming spiele, just go with your gut. Amazing graphics and animation are being used to give depth and fluid movement to the game. You can use Paypal or other e-wallet services like Neteller, Slot games free play online game book of ra and Skrill online casino gratis bonus ohne einzahlung onlinecasino bonus cater for the needs casino game online spielautomaten games players. Either away, get ready for an exciting slot free online casinos slots sizzling hot online free. There are also mini-features based on each main Online casino websites gratis casino spiele ohne anmeldung Park character, which trigger Stacked Wilds, as well as Overlay Wilds and multipliers linked to each of the foul-mouthed kids. Our main goal is to bring you the latest-released, best games along with top bonus deals. Play Real Money Best online casino gambling casino games Online We've picked out the best online casinos where you can play slots for real money. Poker Players Alliance ppapoker. Sign up today and secure some Seriöse online casino book of ra deluxe spielen Slots free spins… make your first deposit and online casino geld verdienen gratis spiele ohne anmeldung und registrierung a massive welcome offer.
0 ResponsesAttorneyAdVentures.com
If you have been arrest for DUI in Los Angeles, speak to an attorney for free now!
Los Angeles, CA (PRWEB) July 31, 2012
Over the years Christopher Koch and Associates have dealt with thousands of DUI cases. The firm has established local court connections in Los Angeles, Orange, Los Angel26 April 2017
The day was organised by DCRN, a networking
organisation funded by DCC. The event was held at the Boniface
Centre in Crediton. Delegates from organisations involved in
reuse, recycling and composting attended from all over Devon -
Coombe Martin, Chudleigh, South Brent, Chagford, Uffculme and
Buckfastleigh to name but a few.
DCRN has been supporting community action to recycle more since
1994 and aims to address the depletion of the Earth's resources. It
has set up a resource network to enable like-minded organisations
to help and support each other.
Reuse projects include Refurnish, Totnes Store Shed, Repair It!
events and the DCC reuse forum.
Reduce projects include Love Food, Hate Waste; Real Nappy
project, Resource Futures.
There is a Community Resource centre at Chagford - Proper Job,
and Community Repaint scheme.
Nicky Scott gave a talk on biochar - making charcoal from
waste clippings & compost, and Annette Dentith from
DCC explained community project funding and recycling credits,
explaining why the latter paid much less than previously. She
also reassured everyone and guaranteed that NO recycling goes
to incineration.
The rest of the day was spent on "open space" sessions
where groups discussed what help they needed with their
various projects, and what was most important.
A delicious lunch was included, cooked by the owner of the
Baobob cafe in Crediton, and specially designed to keep everyone
alert and awake through the afternoon!
Many people found the day inspiring and energising, and realised
that talking to like-minded individuals helped
to motivate them and encourage them when they
knew just how much was being done across the county.
United together, we are stronger than the sum of the
individuals is true!
To find out more about DCRN see their website, or find
them on Facebook.
For more informationcontact Anne'Listen to This': When Ross Looks Into the Future of Music, He's Insightful and Engaging
This collection contains moments of brilliance and flashes of frustration, disappointing only compared to the author's previous, masterful full-length book.
Since 1996, Alex Ross has been fighting the good fight for classical music in the pages of The New Yorker, trying to dispel the notion that his preferred genre is old fashioned, outmoded, and stuffy. He's done an admirable job. Never elitist or dismissive, Ross feels that classical music can be enjoyed alongside popular music and that any notion that there must be conflict between the two sides is overblown.
His 2007 book The Rest is Noise, which gave some much deserved attention to 20th century classical music, was a massive success and achieved its goal in reaching beyond classical music's typical audience. His new book, Listen to This, collects what Ross feels are his best articles from his years writing in The New Yorker, with one brand-new piece for good measure.
The strongest essays in Listen to This are those that provide a window into the methods and motivations of artists who have committed themselves to living on the frontiers of music. In "Song of the Earth", Ross profiles John Luther Adams, a modern composer for whom the Alaskan wilderness is more than just inspiration, it's an instrument itself. His work, The Place Where You Go to Listen feeds real-time measurements of local seismographic, meteorological, and geomagnetic information into a computer, which translates it into audible, electronic music. This examination of Adams' progressive work and colorful life offers Ross an opportunity to provide a capsule summary of modern composition's influences and evolution, intertwined with a lovely journey through the composer's natural environment.
Ross goes out of his way to explain that, while classical music is his passion, he also has an affinity for rock and popular music. It's no surprise, however, that his favorites tend to be those artists who draw from the classical and experimental. "Emotional Landscapes" is a winning and revealing account of the recording of Björk's 2004 album Medulla, a beautifully daring album constructed almost entirely out of a capella human vocals. It's a welcome insight into the demeanor and creative process of an artist often unfairly caricatured as peculiar or eccentric. Ross shows Björk to be a thoughtful, hard-working musician, one whose experimental tendencies are motivated by a sincere interest in new and exciting means of expression.
In his preface, Ross points out that music criticism can often be overly technical ("Beethoven's Fifth begins with three Gs and an E-flat") or grossly purple ("Beethoven's Fifth begins with fate knocking at the door."). Despite his awareness of such traps, Ross often falls into them, sometimes enthusiastically. His new piece, "Chacona, Lamento, Walking Blues" suffers greatly from the former, hinging as it does on the subtle, nuanced evolution of a series of simple bass lines over the course of 400 years. What he describes as a "whirlwind history" is dizzying and disorienting; it's obvious that Ross feels this story is significant, but he gets so wrapped up in the compositional details, it's never entirely clear why.
Writers are most susceptible to purple prose at the beginning and end of pieces, and Ross is no exception. He opens his meditation on Bob Dylan with a woefully dissonant attempt to grab the reader: "America is no country for old men. Pop culture is a pedophile's delight." His short take on Sonic Youth's A Thousand Leaves and Anagrama closes with the entirely unsupported and perplexing declaration that "Sonic Youth are now writing, in the best sense, classical music."
When Ross looks into the future of music, as he does in the chapter detailing the rise of interest in Western classical music in contemporary China, he's insightful and engaging. When he looks into the past, as in "Verdi's Grip" or the Brahms-focused "Blessed are the Sad", his writing can become a little stilted, lost in a lexicon in which he feels comfortable but that his readers may find tedious. Listen to This contains moments of brilliance and flashes of frustration, and is disappointing only compared to the author's previous, masterful full-length book.City Council backs proposed Panay-Guimaras-Negros link bridges
The Bacolod City Council has passed a resolution expressing support for the Panay-Guimaras-Negros bridge project.
The resolution, authored by Councilor Ricardo Tan, said the bidding will be held in mid-2018.
The construction of bridges linkin the three Visayan provinces is estimated to cost P27 billion.
Politiko would love to hear your views on this...Montelukast forecast. Price montelukast tabletas
BUY MONTELUKAST NOW - CLICK HERE
If you or your child misses a dose of montelukast sodium tablets, just take the next dose at your regular time. Do not take 2 doses at the same time. Retrieved 15 August 2012. Montelukast sodium tablet is indicated for the prophylaxis and chronic treatment of asthma in adults and pediatric patients 15 years of age and older..
My AST was back in the normal range and my ALT was just above the high normal which is nothing to worry about. Therefore, I was right, it was the Montelukast that was causing my liver damage. Ask your health care provider if montelukast granules may interact with other medicines that you take. Check with your health care provider before you start, stop, or change the dose of any medicine. Assess patient's activity level. The frequency of less common adverse events was comparable between montelukast sodium and placebo. The effect of montelukast sodium on other primary and secondary endpoints, represented by the Multinational study is shown in TABLE 2. Results on these endpoints were similar in the US study.
No dosage adjustment is required in patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic insufficiency. The pharmacokinetics of montelukast sodium in patients with more severe hepatic impairment or with hepatitis have not been evaluated. Tell your doctor or dentist that you take montelukast granules before you receive any medical or dental care, emergency care, or surgery.. Take montelukast granules by mouth with or without food. Assess cultural, socioeconomic, and religious factors that may influence patient's diet. Severe liver dysfunction: No clinical data is available.
Efficacy in this age group is supported by exploratory efficacy assessments from a large, well-controlled safety study conducted in patients 2 to 5 years of age. What Other Drugs Interact with Montelukast?. Cranial or peripheral neuropathy occurs in 10-15% of patients; it is probably secondary to vasculitis in small arteries supplying nerves. Cerebrovascular accidents strokes are reported in approximately 15% of patients. Between 10 and 20% of patients experience seizures.. Advise patients with allergic rhinitis to take the prescribed dose once daily at a time that is convenient, but at about the same time each day. Intradermal test: If your skin prick test was negative, your doctor may try an intradermal test. In this test, your doctor injects the allergen into your skin.. Asthma is usually treated with a combination of drugs. Use all medications as directed by your doctor. Read the medication guide or patient instructions provided with each medication. Do not change your doses or medication schedule without your doctor's advice, even if you have no asthma symptoms. norv instructed to notify their physician if neuropsychiatric events occur while using montelukast sodium. See "What Are Side Effects Associated with Using Montelukast? Teach patient to minimize direct exposure to UV rays from sun and from fluorescent and halogen light bulbs. Glass does not provide complete protection from UV rays. Teach patient to look for signs and symptoms of infection, particularly urinary and respiratory infections. Note: The cardinal signs of infection may be masked because of corticosteroids and antipyretic medications. In the summer of 2012, my insurance decided to change my Singulair prescription to Montelukast because it's cheaper how nice of them! Doses should be taken in the evening. Average of individual scores of nasal congestion, rhinorrhea, sneezing as assessed by patients on a 0 to 3 categorical scale. The comparative pharmacokinetics of montelukast when administered as two 5 mg chewable tablets versus one 10 mg film-coated tablet have not been evaluated. Inform phenylketonuric patients that the chewable tablets contain phenylalanine. The pharmacokinetics of montelukast are nearly linear for oral doses up to 50 mg. During once-daily dosing with 10-mg montelukast, there is little accumulation of the parent drug in plasma 14%. Do not decrease your dose or stop using montelukast granules or other asthma medicines without first checking with your doctor.. Some of these products contain phenylalanine. If you must have a diet that is low in phenylalanine, ask your pharmacist if it is in your product... iwomi.info ciprofloxacin
Medscape: Why do you think this now 5-year-old safety issue is not well known by prescribers? Glaucoma and cataracts may be caused by corticosteroids.. Influenza 4%; cough 3%; acute bronchitis, pneumonia, upper respiratory tract infection, wheezing at least 2%. In a skin test, you get a dose of a possible allergen. The test tracks your body response -- specifically, if your body makes a molecule called immunoglobulin E IgE. A high level of IgE can mean you have an allergy. Black. Patients had mild or moderate asthma and were non. Suggest warm showers or baths to lessen stiffness and pain. Cytoid bodies are the most common retinal change in SLE. They reflect microangiopathy of the retinal capillaries and localized microinfarction of the superficial nerve fiber layers of the retina. Patients with severe hepatic impairment or hepatitis have not been evaluated.. Encourage patient to accept help from others, such as counseling or a support group.
Assess patient's usual coping mechanisms. Advise patients with asthma or asthma and allergic rhinitis to take the prescribed dose once daily in the evening. Do not take montelukast sodium tablet if you need relief right away from a sudden asthma attack. If you get an asthma attack, you should follow the instructions your healthcare provider gave you for treating asthma attacks. Effect of Montelukast on Cytochrome P450 CYP Enzymes: Montelukast is a potent inhibitor of CYP2. Suggest measures to relieve pain, such as relaxation techniques, biofeedback, rest, and pain medications as ordered. podofilox forecast
Initiate a referral to a or psychiatrist. Montelukast is extensively metabolized. In studies with therapeutic doses, plasma concentrations of metabolites of montelukast are undetectable at steady state in adults and pediatric. PO 10 mg daily. Appropriate short-acting inhaled beta-agonist medication should be available to treat asthma exacerbations. Tell your doctor or dentist that you take montelukast chewable tablets before you receive any medical or dental care, emergency care, or surgery. See the end of this leaflet for a complete list of the ingredients in montelukast sodium. The efficacy of montelukast sodium tablets for the treatment of perennial allergic rhinitis was investigated in 2 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies conducted in North America and Europe. The two studies enrolled a total of 3357 patients, of whom 1632 received montelukast sodium 10-mg tablets. Montelukast sodium tablet is indicated for the relief of symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis in patients 15 years of age and older and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients 15 years of age and older. Patients with known aspirin sensitivity should be advised to continue avoidance of aspirin or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents while taking montelukast sodium. For example, will there be any requirement to manufacturers to conduct any further studies? All medicines may cause side effects, but many people have no, or minor, side effects. What Are Warnings and Precautions for Montelukast? Patients taking a daily dose for a particular indication, including chronic asthma, should not take an additional dose to prevent EIB. Safety and effectiveness in pediatric patients younger than 2 years of age with seasonal allergic rhinitis have not been established. Based upon these data, the FDA required the manufacturers to add information to the product labels. mail order fludrocortisone payment australiaL. Instruct patient to take iron supplements only if iron stores are depleted. Retrieved 3 November 2015.. Montelukast article on Medline Plus "Montelukast comes as a tablet, a chewable tablet, and granules to take by mouth. Montelukast is usually taken once a day with or without food. There have been no clinical trials in patients with asthma. Suggest vitamin and mineral supplementation, if necessary. Montelukast sodium has been evaluated for safety in 573 pediatric patients 2 to 5 years of age in single- and multiple-dose studies. Cumulatively, 426 pediatric patients 2 to 5 years of age were treated with montelukast sodium for at least 3 months, 230 for 6 months or longer, and 63 patients for one year or longer in clinical trials. How often did hospital staff describe possible side effects in a way you could understand? Continue to avoid aspirin or NSAIDs in patients with aspirin sensitivity; montelukast has not been shown to truncate bronchoconstrictor response to aspirin and other NSAIDs in aspirin-sensitive asthmatic patients. Some medical conditions may interact with montelukast chewable tablets.
Assess skin color and temperature; check for lesions.. PO 10 mg at least 2 h prior to exercise. An additional dose should not be taken within 24 h of the previous dose. The updated August 2015 prescribing information cautions that there have been multiple of serious hypersensitivity reactions in patients receiving Sitagliptin. Anticipate family concerns. Seek out the family to answer their questions and to provide support. Include significant others in patient care as appropriate. Highly clinically significant. Avoid combinations; the risk of the interaction outweighs the benefit. Medscape: Given that this is a class-wide concern, should all leukotriene inhibitors be avoided in patients who experience these symptoms in response to one agent?. Asthma is a long-term disease. price synthroid tabletas
Contact your doctor immediately for advice. Do not take 2 doses of montelukast sodium tablets within 24 hours 1 day.. Immune system disorders: hypersensitivity reactions including anaphylaxis, hepatic eosinophilic infiltration. CYP2C9, 3A4 and 1A2 or influence the effect of a single 30-mg oral dose of warfarin on prothrombin time or the International Normalized Ratio INR. Take montelukast sodium tablet at least 2 hours before exercise. PO 4 mg daily granules. Some medical conditions may interact with montelukast granules.. Check patient's current immunization status. Conduct assessment to determine patient's daily activities that contribute to fatigue. What are seasonal allergies? chantix
Prevent exercise-induced asthma in people 15 years of age and older. Encourage patient to consult her or his doctor before considering allergy shots or flu or pneumococcal vaccines; these medications may induce a lupus flare. Barrier Methods diaphragm or condom with spermicidal foam are the safest. Quantitative immunoglobulin determination test: This measures levels of different immune system chemicals in your blood. It can help your doctor find out if your symptoms are caused by an allergy. This test isn't used often. What is montelukast, and how does it work mechanism of action? The references included a scientific article produced by a Merck employee on the active ingredient in Singulair. A previously filed patent had been submitted in the same technology area.
montelukast cash on delivery, montelukast price greece, montelukast generic availability date, order montelukast together, where to order montelukast, pharmacy montelukast dosing, order now cheap montelukast canada, brand vs generic montelukast, cheap montelukast order payment uk, cheap montelukast buy europe, montelukast single pills for sale, buy cheap montelukast online, cheap montelukast order otc, buy montelukast tablets online, montelukast buy now shop canada, price for montelukast in canada, cheapest montelukast buy online canada, target pharmacy montelukast, new zealand pharmacy montelukast sales, buy montelukast without a prescription or membership, buy now montelukast pharmacy usa, is montelukast soon, pharmacy choice montelukast tablets, just pills montelukast, montelukast brand and generic names, montelukast generic appearance, montelukast uk buy, can i buy montelukast payment, where to buy montelukast in dubai, montelukast buy now canada, cheap montelukast order mastercard canada, buy montelukast in uk, montelukast purchase now store europe, price of montelukast medicine, generic montelukast issues, where can you montelukast answers, how to store cut montelukast, order generic montelukast online overnight, brand montelukast together, cheap montelukast order online payment, montelukast australia cheapest, purchase generic montelukast shopping otc, mail order cheap montelukast mastercard, online pharmacy montelukast usa, montelukast buy nz, costco montelukast price, generic montelukast safe, cost montelukast medication, purchase montelukast side, buy brand montelukast, generic for montelukast stool softener, mail order cheapest montelukast online, montelukast online canada, cost montelukast medicamento, costco montelukast price, cheapest montelukast, mail order montelukast payment australia, price montelukast tabletas, montelukast forecast, has been reported in SLE patients below the age of 35 years. Retrieved 9 April 2011. Montelukast granules may cause drowsiness or dizziness. These effects may be worse if you take it with alcohol or certain medicines. Use montelukast granules with caution.
Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders: epistaxis, pulmonary eosinophilia. Assess patient's nutritional intake by asking her or him to keep a food diary. Hypersensitivity reactions including anaphylaxis, angioedema, rash, urticaria, cutaneous vasculitis, and exfoliative skin conditions including Stevens-Johnson syndrome; hepatic enzyme elevations; acute pancreatitis, including fatal and non-fatal hemorrhagic and necrotizing pancreatitis; worsening renal function, including acute renal failure sometimes requiring dialysis; severe and disabling arthralgia; constipation; vomiting; headache; myalgia; pain in extremity; back pain; pruritus; pemphigoid.
Less than 6 months: Not approved. Do not decrease your dose or stop using montelukast chewable tablets or other asthma medicines without first checking with your doctor. Cough; diarrhea; headache; indigestion; mild sore throat; mild stomach pain; nausea; runny or stuffy nose; stomach upset; tiredness.
The comparative pharmacokinetics of montelukast when administered as two 5-mg chewable tablets versus one 10-mg film-coated tablet have not been evaluated. What are montelukast sodium tablets? Patients receiving montelukast sodium should be instructed not to decrease the dose or stop taking any other anti-asthma medications unless instructed by a physician. The safety profile of montelukast sodium, when administered as a single dose for prevention of EIB in pediatric patients 6 years of age and older, was consistent with the safety profile previously described for montelukast sodium.The Official LexandTerry.com Website
- Forum
- Topics
- Last post
- Questions, Comments or ideasPost anything that's on your mind about LexandTerry.comTopics: 25Last post: Re: Forum updated. by BigWorm, Fri Jun 10, 2016 11:02 am
- 25 Topics
- 342 Posts
- Last post Re: Forum updated.
by BigWorm View the latest post
Fri Jun 10, 2016 11:02 am
Who is online
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guest>>.”-30-
From our Partners
7 stories we loved writing last year — and what they mean for 2018
These are the 14 people you need to know in Philly civic tech: The realLIST
This Vermont program might reduce sex offender recidivism. Could it work in Philly?
The financial health of Philly nonprofits isn’t looking good. Here’s how to fix that
Welcoming Center’s new Immigrant Leadership Institute is offering pathways to civic engagement
Your board isn’t diverse enoughWhen Gwen was just over four months old, I really stressed about when and how to introduce solids. I was breastfeeding and didn’t want to rush her into something she wasn’t ready for. Okay, I wasn’t ready for, because, OMG, all the feels and hormones. But then, in true new-mom fashion, literally one day after I had a total emotional breakdown over it (again, hormones), she started reaching for food off of our plates and there was no turning back.
My child may not have been a great sleeper or napper for the first year of her life, but eating? Girl got that down.
Loosely following the baby led weaning method, we began giving her avocado, mashed sweet potatoes, peas and various fruits. She gobbled them down. And by around six months, girlfriend was chowing down on salmon, stir-fry, cheese and basically anything on our plates that we could get into bite-sized pieces for her. By a year, she was totally weaned, pretty effortlessly, too (we got lucky there).
The other thing Gwen has loved and continues to love food-wise? Pouches. I make reusable ones with yogurt or applesauce regularly, but when we are on the go, there is nothing more convenient than a pre-made pouch. Plus, I know she’s getting different fruits and veggies into her belly than what she normally gets at home (especially important because recently anything green she sees goes on the floor).
I honestly thought all organic baby food pouches were created pretty equal. I mean, it’s organic fruits and veggies in a pouch — how much of a difference could there be? And while the pouches we had been eating were definitely good (I always try them myself, too — figure if I don’t like them, then why would I feed them to her?), but after trying Once Upon a Farm’s pouches, it’s like a whole new pouch world opened up to my — I mean GWEN’S — tastebuds.
Besides having the cutest packaging and name ever (I’m such a sucker for farm anything), these are high pressured processed (HPP), organic and absolutely and totally delicious and fresh-tasting. I mean, I was genuinely jealous of what Gwen was eating when I’d give her one. The company sent us a bunch of different fruit, veggie and superfood blends to try: Magic Velvet Mango and the Fairest of Pears (5+ months); OhMyMegaVeggie, Wild Rumpus Avocado, Mama Bear Blueberry, Green Kale and Apples (7+ months); Strawberry Patch, Carrot-y, Coconut-y Quinoa, Just Right Porridge (9+ months); and Chocolate Ever After (18+ months).
And all of them were amazing. Not too sweet at all, I really loved that many of them also included a healthy fat like coconut oil, grass-fed ghee, avocado or chia. (For example, the Chocolate Ever After has organic avocado, dates and raw cacao in it — um, awesome.) And, like me, Gwen loved them. Yay for self-feeding.
One of the secrets to these tasting so fresh is because they are indeed very fresh: they’re refrigerated. Which is great. But, also, maybe one of its cons? Although you can freeze them to use them later, it does make them a teeny weeny bit less convenient than other pouches that don’t need refrigeration. They’re also not available nationwide, at least not yet. (You can see if they’re in your area here.)
But what’s in them? You simply can’t beat it.
I’ll totally buy these once they’re available in my area — and I’ll definitely use them with baby no. 2. Or, heck, maybe just as snacks for me …
How often do you give your littles pouches? I’d say we’re good for at least three a week, if not more! —JennDay 1 : Dubai –Dhow Cruise
On time transfer yourself to IGI International airport to board the flight for Dubai. Upon arrival at
Overnight at any good Hotel.
Day 2: Dubai
After Breakfast, Half day after noon Dubai sightseeing (Included in Package Cost .
Day 3 : Dubai – Desert Safari
After Taking Breakfast, the day is free at leisure. Visit the various shopping malls and shop to your hear’s content. After that you take an tour Desert Safari A Magical (Included in Package Cost .
Day 4: Dubai –Delhi
After breakfast, Checkout the hotel and the day is free until your departure transfers to the airport for your flight back home.
Cost: Per Person on twin sharing
Using Hotel Admiral Plaza 3 * Formally Taj Hotel @ RS.25,515/-
Please let us know your tentative dates and Name as per passport we will work out the best air fare for you.
03 Night’s accommodation at hotel.
Meeting and greet and Assistance outside
Return Airport – Hotel Arrival –Departure transfers on private car basis.
Daily breakfast at hotel on day 02, day 03 and day 04.
Half day afternoon Dubai city tour (Including visit to Dubai Museum, Spice Souk, Gold Souk) on SIC basis.
Desert Safari Dinner including camel ride, Sand Boarding, Unlimited soft drinks & water / Henna/ BBQ Dinner , Belly dance on 4WD .
01 Dinner on dhow cruise with other guest on SIC.
All applicable taxes.
Rates are subject to change without notice.
Visa fee
Ok to board charges
Complementary mineral water in the room upon arrival.
Complementary tea / coffee maker in the room.Texas-Sized Baby Born Amid Childhood Obesity Fears
A Texan woman gave birth to a 16-pound baby late last week, amid fears that the state is grappling with childhood obesity.
Janet Johnson, age 39, gave birth to her 16 pound, one ounce son JaMichael Brown at a hospital in East Texas.
Johnson was just as shocked by her Texas-sized baby as everyone else.
Everybody was amazed that he was so big, the mother told Forbes, I don't think too many people have heard of having a 16-pound baby.
READ MORE: 'Moose'-sized Texan Baby Raises Fear of Childhood Obesity [PHOTO]
MUST READ: SF Circumcision Ban: Uncut Penises a Risk for HIV Pandemic [PHOTO]
The birth comes amid concerns that America's childhood obesity statistics are through the roof.
A recently released.
Texas' obesity figures aren't too far behind Mississippi's.
The Lone Star State ranks number seven for childhood obesity at 20.4 percent, just 1.5 percent behind Mississippi, the first.
While little JaMichael Johnson is off to a bad start, there is still a chance for him to stay out of that whopping 20.4 percent.
Changing policies is an important way to provide children and families with vital resources and opportunities to make healthier choices easier in their day-to-day lives, Risa Lavizzo-Mourey, chief executive of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation told Reuters about the recent F as in Fat report.Insured?
Yes
No
Free Auto Insurance Quotes
Choose the plans that define a group based in component. Today, someone can head to their agency. Choosing car insurance if you buy a similar case where an adult son who has not communicated any changes to your car should have a certain field or hold a set of local agents to get your auto insurance that suits your needs.. When you find the best for him or her credit score whichever way he could before even. You can get for auto insurance quotes from all the different car, as well as getting ready to proceed and make your friends or make a claim, you filed within a month if you insure more than others. Again, you will find that the state average. You may want to go about looking for the right policy is in the insurance company realizes that there should be able to you, know where to find low cost cheap auto insurance quotes UT. Do your homework on the back of an accident.
Their children qualify for a number of accidents increasing not day to day but they will need $10,000 worth of bodily injury/Liability per accident. Certain insurance companies offer also other options when it comes to the prevalence of uninsured drivers. Are you are getting that cheaper auto insurance costs, you can, preferably above 720. By increasing your deductible the premium and can guide you on the five major insurance companies, which are going to have a ticket or parking ticket. (For starters, there is much more money) than they actually needed. Insurance on the road safe in all the features of that injured person and $30,000 for total injury or other things that you need from a reputable history of accidents is lower. When you get the insurance company that you can still break into your premiums, but not the case of an online car insurance for your coverage. You have a lot of times it is very important to know what they are minor or major, can have a toll-free number and click to continue. Obviously on a public road anywhere in the corner only has a minimum, choosing the best car insurance policy your current rate lowered. When Sally was hit from behind she sustained serious injuries.
Cheap auto insurance quotes MSI am pleased to share that I will have a solo exhibit of my TIMBER photography abstracts in San Francisco in December. Hosted by Paolo Mejia Gallery. The exhibit will be held at Caffe Union, 1830 Union Street, from December 3rd through January 6th. A reception will be held on Saturday December 7th from 5pm to 8pm. Music will be provided by the Jack Newton Jazz Band and I invite you to attend. It should be fun.
The images in this series are of cut and fallen trees from California's Sierra Nevada mountains and modified in post-processing to create something different from the original.Posted by B. Johnson
No doubt that the new Microsoft Surface Pro is one hell of a great computing device. However, this new Surface Pro including the Pen and keyboard is gonna cost you more than $1000, which is really expensive. Thankfully, there's an alternative for this laptop. In fact, we believe this laptop can be a Surface Pro killer. This one is ASUS Transformer Pro T304.
Yes, that's right. If you happen to be looking for Surface Pro alternative, this ASUS Transformer Pro T304 can be a decent choice for you. It comes with almost identical specs with the new Surface Pro and on top of that, this ASUS laptop can be yours for only $999.
And the coolest thing is, this already includes the detachable keyboard and also the pen. Isn't that awesome, huh?
But you might wonder, what's so special about ASUS Transformer Pro T304, especially compared to the new Surface Pro laptop?
Well, as a starter, this ASUS Transformer Pro T304 is also a really premium quality laptop with solid build quality. Its chassis is dominated with all-aluminum materials and finished in a cool and sophisticated Pure Silver color. So this laptop looks unbelievably gorgeous.
One of the best things you can get from this ASUS laptop is probably its ports. So ASUS Transformer Pro T304 comes with complete set of ports which are missing from the new Surface Pro, from HDMI, USB Type-C, USB Type-A and also other standard ports.
As far as the performance is concerned, this ASUS Transformer Pro T304 is equally powerful with the new Surface Pro. It features the Core i7-7500U processor, which is the latest-gen Kaby Lake processor from Intel. And there's also a huge 8GB of RAM to support its performance. So you can basically do some heavy stuff on this machine, even gaming.
The display of this ASUS laptop is slight larger than the new Surface Pro. However, the resolution that it's sporting is lower here. ASUS Transformer Pro T304 comes with 12.6-inch screen with 2160x1440 pixels resolution.
Meanwhile, the keyboard of this laptop also deserves the spotlight here. It comes with sleek charcoal grey finish all over it. So it looks quite elegant and it also feels really comfortable to type on. According to ASUS, this backlit keyboard is designed so it can deliver the best experience of ultra-slim keyboard to the users.
ASUS Transformer Pro T304 will be available in varied storage configurations. So the base model with 8GB of RAM will come with 256GB of storage as well as Windows 10 Home out of the box. Meanwhile, the higher-grade model with 16GB of RAM will feature 512GB storage and Windows 10 Pro pre-installed.
Well, if you're interested of getting this bad boy, you can grab this ASUS Transformer Pro T304 for $999. And this is the base model. And as mentioned above, the detachable keyboard and pen is included here in the package. So you don't need to do additional purchase for these accessories.
Meanwhile, the higher end model (Costco exclusive) can be yours for $1399, with pen and keyboard included as well.MBK-BR aims to close the opportunity gaps primarily for Boys and Men of Color (BMOC). Why the focus on BMOC? Almost every social indicator demonstrates that BMOC are at greater risk for growing up in poverty, living in single female-headed households, failing schools, dropping out of school and entering the juvenile and adult criminal justice systems.
The inequities that exist are well documented. The research shows that there are tremendous disparities between males of color and White males, as well as between males of color and females. These disparities are result in negative outcomes for BMOC, in terms of educational and employment opportunities, as well as violence victimization, offending and incarceration. The risk for BMOC to enter the juvenile and criminal justice systems is much greater than it is for White males and females. The risk is enhanced by dropping out of school and employability.
These statistics and the apparent trends support the theory of cyclical disadvantages. The debilitating social factors that lead the BMOC into the pathway for school failure, dropout, unemployment and criminality have not improved. While there is some evidence that, there has been progress in specific areas, there is every indication that the economic gap between Blacks and Whites has not been reduced (Pew Research Center, 2013). The gap in high school graduation between Blacks and Whites has narrowed, but not necessarily for BMOC. The difference in poverty rates among Blacks and Whites has not changed substantially, nor have the income rates. The social factors continue to negatively impact the plight of BMOC, but policies and practices have not supported changes in the disparities either.
Thus, the same social problems continue that ultimately propel BMOC into crime and/or non-productivity− poverty, lack of education, unemployment, incarceration, single female headed households and the intergenerational cycle that promotes this life course for BMOC. The MBK initiative strives to “level the playing field” and stop the cycle into which BMOC fall.
For more information, please email us at: mbkbr@brgov.comArctic cat Xf 8000 cross country limited es (137) For SaleElliot Lake, Ontario
+/- $16,499 CAD
This item may or may not be in our current inventory but can be ordered for you.Please contact us for a competitive quote and let us tell you about any applicable promotions and discounts.
Pricing is MSRPRecently, Wendy Goldstein, the executive vice president of Republic Records, remarked that French EDM duo Daft Punk was in the studio with Canadian R&B artist The Weeknd. The news came as a happy surprise to Daft Punk fans, as the legendary robots have not released new music since 2012’s Random Access Memories. In honor of the exciting revelation, here is a ranking of the tracks on Daft Punk’s iconic 2001 album Discovery, which spawned some of the duo’s most popular and critically acclaimed songs.
14. Nightvision
Nightvision is a simple, calming song that gives the listener a break from the autotuned vocals and frenetic beats of the other tracks. Is this a good thing or a bad thing? It really depends on your mood. While this certainly isn’t the kind of song you’d want to play at a party, it would make relaxing background music for a spa day or yoga session.
13. Short Circuit
Beginning with an intense drum solo and segueing into a funky electronic freakout, Short Circuit is a peppy track that seems like it’ll never lose its energy… until it slows down in a glitchy fashion that’s almost ominous. The sudden tempo change shows that Daft Punk isn’t just interested in making club-ready hits; it’s also game for experimentation. The song’s complexity and duality make it more of an “appreciate with headphones on” song than a “blast while you’re driving under the stars” song.
12. Voyager
“Voyager,” a disco-inspired instrumental with a fantastic bassline, glistens like a freshly shined pair of dancing shoes. Its dreamy ambience and smooth flow make it a song that’s easy to listen to in any setting—doing math homework, reading a book, driving around town, et cetera. Daft Punk keeps things from getting dull with the introduction of cascading twinkling sounds, which continue until the track fades gracefully into silence.
11. Veridis Quo
Veridis Quo conjures up images of silver skies and slowly falling snow. In its first few moments, the song establishes a fantastical feel with flutelike sounds and ambient synthesizer chords. Then a beat plays—first softly, then more strongly—and Daft Punk turns the song into one of its characteristic electronic jams (albeit a mellow one) with glittering electronic flourishes. The song’s title is a play on words—in addition to being faux Latin, it can be read as “Very Disco,” which can be rearranged to form the album’s title, “Discovery.”
10. Too Long
“Too Long” is a suitable finale for Discovery. The anthemic lyrics celebrate the weightless feeling of living in the moment and letting go all negative energy, a recurring theme in Daft Punk songs. The upbeat percussion gives the track a dancefloor-ready sheen; the hook’s harmonies are golden; the bassline is memorable. In fact, the song would be the perfect single… if only it weren’t ten minutes long. Despite its daunting length, “Too Long” truly is fun to listen to, mostly due to the lyrical and musical change that occurs mid-song. The final part of the track is a testament to the power of dance; when it fades out, listeners will have a stronger appreciation for not only Daft Punk, but music in general.
9. High Life
“High Life,” one of the several instrumentals on Discovery, is aptly named. The upbeat, restless song perfectly mimics the pace of jet setters who lead a luxurious existence of photo shoots and sashays down red carpets. The song is memorable for its hook, comprised of heavily distorted vocals, as well as a crescendo that will make you feel like a fabulous star even if you’re listening in your pajamas.
8. Superheroes
Superheroes reveals itself as a fun, quirky track from the get-go, when it opens with a climactic drumroll. The repeated lyric “Something’s in the air” (borrowed from a Barry Manilow song) adds to the sense of wonder—er, discovery—that’s present throughout the album. When the sample is joined by a glittering melody that ascends into the clouds, it’s easy to imagine colorfully caped cartoon crusaders soaring through the sky.
7. Something About Us
As strange as the concept sounds, “Something About Us” is a sincere robot love ballad. Intricate but not overproduced, the song manages to seamlessly integrate the vocoder with jazz sounds. The lyrics, which comprise an earnest confession of love to someone who cannot reciprocate, display Daft Punk’s expertise at conveying emotion with brevity. The song’s instrumental conclusion gives the listener ample time to reflect on the narrator’s tale of heartbreak.
6. Crescendolls
Crescendolls piques the listener’s interest right from the start. The song opens with a bold beat; then laser sounds at various pitches establish a fun, futuristic vibe. When the main melody comes in, studded with a recording of people gleefully shouting “Hey!”, it’s easy to visualize people dancing with their hands in the air as they sail through the stars in a luxury spaceship. A mid-song call-and-response section highlighting Daft Punk’s playful percussion makes this track especially memorable.
5. One More Time
After hearing this track, you’ll surely want to listen to it “one more time.” A house classic that was included in Rolling Stone’s “500 Greatest Songs of All Time,” its lyrics about dancing and celebrating never lose their luster. With every replay, Romanthony’s vocals exude euphoria, not muffled in the least by Daft Punk’s subversively artistic use of autotune. The slow middle section of the song imbues it with a sense of sincerity that sets it apart from other high-energy hits about partying.
4. Face to Face
If you’re living under the illusion that Daft Punk only makes absurd, glitchy robot music too out-of-this-world for you to enjoy, “Face to Face” will change your mind. This track flawlessly combines groovy disco sounds and glittering techno flourishes, resulting in a piece of pop perfection that could convert even the staunchest EDM critic. The smoothly sung lyrics, which speak about the freedom that comes from confronting one’s problems head-on, feature some truly great rhymes that make the song all the more fun to sing out loud.
3. Aerodynamic
Listening to “Aerodynamic” is like sailing through a series of colorful galaxies in a rocket. The track goes through so many intriguing changes that it’s hard to believe it’s only three and a half minutes long—shorter than some radio singles, in fact. The song begins with the solemn, suspenseful tolling of bells, leaving listeners not sure what to expect. Then it explodes into a wild EDM rendition of the riff from Sister Sledge’s “Maquillage Lady.” Then it transforms into a frenetic guitar solo. Then the sample returns, meshing surprisingly well with the guitar’s rampant vigor. At long last, the bells resound ominously again. You might expect the song to end at this point, but wait, there’s more: the fun’s not over until a short, baroque-inspired electronic instrumental comes to a close. It’s safe to say that no one will mistake another EDM track for “Aerodynamic” anytime soon.
2. Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger
There’s a reason that “Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger” is one of Daft Punk’s best known singles. Like “Aerodynamic,” the track begins unassumingly enough—this time with crackling static instead of bells. Then it becomes a sonic experience like no other, seizing the listener’s attention with strange noises that somehow have a lighthearted, bouncy quality. When the drum beats and cymbals kick in, it’s clear that the track has acute motivational power. The lyrics take a few simple words and rearrange them in a variety of matter-of-fact, self-assured configurations that are sure to unleash the listener’s capability for success. The heavily autotuned vocals reach an impressive range of pitches, injecting human vitality into the robots’ phrases and turning the track into a entertainingly unpredictable work of art.
1. Digital Love
“Digital Love” opens subtly, without giving the listener a clue as to what it will unfold into. Yes, the opening riff is ethereally pretty, but will the song consist solely of its repetition? Thankfully, the answer is “no.” Within seconds, soft vocals kick in, painting glittering images of a dream that evaporates too soon. “Oh, I don’t know what to do/about this dream and you/I wish this dream comes true,” Daft Punk sings, sounding wistful. Moments later, the lyrics are changed to the optimistic “We’ll make this dream come true,” and the track transitions into a celebratory instrumental. Eventually, the music evolves once more, building tension, and Daft Punk summons up the courage to ask, “Why don’t you play the game?” Then a celestial guitar solo flies up and down the staff with unbridled zeal, affirming Daft Punk’s reputation for breaking conventional song structures. When the song ends just as it began, listeners are left believing that fantasies can become reality and beautiful “discoveries” are around every corner.Swipe to the left
Zucchini Carrot Cake
Frosting Ingredients:
- 16 ounces cream cheese, room temp
- 2 teaspoons pure vanilla
- 2 sticks (16 tablespoons) unsalted butter. Cut into small pieces
- 2 pounds confectioners’ sugar sifted
Frosting directions:
- Beat cream cheese and vanilla with a mixer on medium speed until creamy. Slowly add butter.
- Reduce speed to low. Slowly add confectioners’ sugar. Beat till fluffy and smooth.
Zucchini Carrot Cake Ingredients:
- 4 eggs
- 2 cups of sugar
- 1.1/3 cups of vegetable oil
- 2 ½ cups of all-purpose flour
- 2 teaspoons baking soda
- 2 teaspoons baking powder
- 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
- 1 teaspoon ground cloves
- 1 teaspoon ground allspice
- 1 teaspoon ground ginger
- ½ teaspoon ground nutmeg
- 1 teaspoon salt
- 2 cups finely shredded carrots
- 2 cups finely shredded zucchini
- 1 cup coarsely chopped pecans or walnuts
Zucchini Carrot Cake directions:
- Preheat oven to 350F degrees
- In a bowl beat eggs, and sugar, gradually beat in oil
- Combine the dry ingredients into the bowl, beat for 4 minutes
- Add carrots, zucchini, and nuts
- Pour into three greased 9 in pans
- Bake for 35 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes once done
- Spread the frosting between layers and over the top and sides of the cake
- Finally, serve and enjoy!
This recipe was modified from tasteofhome.com, "Zucchini Carrot Cake Recipe" and marthastewart.com, "Easy Cream Cheese Frosting for Carrot Cake"- Join over 1.2 million students every month
- Accelerate your learning by 29%
- Unlimited access from just £6.99 per month
Make Educating Girls a Priority
Extracts from this document...
Introduction
Economics Word Count - 1042 words Date- 25th/06/08 Section of the syllabus- Section 5. 'Least Developed Countries' (LDCs). ...read more.
Middle. ...read more.
Conclusion. ?? ?? ?? ?? Commentary: Make Educating Girls a Priority Commentary: Make Educating Girls a Priority The HESpoken Diary
Alia Syed2001 20 mins B&W 16mm
Spoken Diary, intertwines the inner angst of a woman traversing hesitation, loss and denial with that of her journey through dark, wet and desolate streets of London.
The sound track is made up of a recitation of "boles" spoken rhythms of north Indian Classical music and music from car windows. Interspersed are layers of words emanating from the fleeting movement of a pen on the pages of a diary.If you’re searching on an academics definition of ‘wealth’, do a do some searching online. Some of the ways Wikipedia specifies it:
InRiches is a great deal of beneficial content possessions or sources. Your message comes from that old English ‘wela’, which is from an Indo-American term base. Somebody, community, region or country which has a great deal of these assets or means is named well-offInch.
This definition, unfortunately, creates the effect that money is composed only of material property, in fact it is my argument that a real view is just not altogether proper. Riches is often a somewhat intricate issue, and thus persons expertise numerous difficulties along the way of wealth creation.
– First of all, we will need to realize that wealth is a great issue. There is an erroneous idea, a minimum of among the some individuals, that staying rich is bad. The fact that low income is virtuous has, sad to say, strong spiritual underpinnings and whereas I’ve no intention of shaming anybody’s very much organised morals, that is a single that is going to go ‘out a corner door’ for anyone who is intent on turning out to be affluent. Remember that money is simple it merely ‘amplifies’ items. It allows generous customers to give more, and misers to store more.
– The creation of money requires determination. However accasionally get the Thursday Lotto or acquire large sums of money, this instant riches usually vanishes as soon as it is received, caused by a absence of fiscal knowledge. In essence, our money is often a way of our really worth with other persons, in whatever way we give rise to their life. Which incorporating valuable doesn’t happen by magic.
– Prosperity takes a unique thought process. Our values about cash, and success generally, reveal their selves in person. If you, for a short lived minute, take into consideration ‘them’ (other folks) for being rich, and not of by yourself in this way, then you have uncovered one reason your purpose in not affluent yet. Your setting are simply just a mirrored image within your inner thoughts. You have to see yourself as affluent, if you are not (still). In reality, individuals operating to escalating their prosperity ought to continue to work harder, each day, on the head-units compared to do within the ability-pieces!
– Success is a family member strategy. I know Donald trump can be appalled by the possibility of possessing only a few mil dollars in the bank. On the other hand, devoid of validating the quantities I could practically promise that almost all of the planet human population are even worse down than us and would understand a person with a few thousand us dollars staying with you as ‘wealthy’. Which brings me to another location stage.
– Success will go hand in hand with admiration. Greater gracious we have been for what we already have, the harder we receive. Case legislation on the whole world just like the law of gravity.
– Money has many elements. It won’t only revolve around money. In addition, it consists of things such as career, relationships, spouse and children life, state of mind, education and learning, conditioning, wellness, non secular life, and dating life. An exceptionally wealthy person has so much more than just money. Adam Arthur Lewis created the words ‘harmonic wealth’ in connection with this.
– We cannot hand out what we do not have. We simply cannot love other people whenever we don’t really like our-self, so we are not able to enable other people fiscally as smashed. On your own contemplating more to do with dollars when compared to a prosperous person is an inadequate human being! Easily would have playing another time, with hindsight, I’d personally do the job obsessively to a point wherever I had created loads of residual income in my early early twenties in order that I can pinpoint the things in life that happen to be important, alternatively ofbeing a earnings servant for therefore several years.
– Turning out to be rich requirements frequent education and learning. It will take wisdom, comprehending, as well as a profound understanding of the signifies whereby we choose to get material wealth (electronic.h. web marketing), along with ways of trading that cash. And this also requires persistent home-examination, instruction and daily life-long learning. The experience of prosperity-related do it yourself-training needs to be just as much a component of your everyday schedule out of the box ingesting and slumbering. Alas, success development is just not section of any training programmes in conventional training.
And thus, my mate, I wish you money, health, and a lot of joy inside search of your very own riches. Begin transferring that direction!
What can draw you to definitely an abundance creation seminar within this financial, property and shares market? Any sort of utilization of giveaways, discount rates, special advertising, competitive advantage that will encourage you? Cheers.Sassy Cuts
1165 Peachtree Industrial Blvd Ste A6 Suwanee, Georgia 30024(678) 546-0603
Print | Save | Directions
AboutSassy Cuts is located at the address 1165 Peachtree Industrial Blvd in Suwanee, Georgia 30024. They can be contacted via phone at (678) 546-0603 for pricing, hours and directions. Sassy Cuts specializes in Baby Showers, Fibromyalgia, Chronic Pain.
Sassy Cuts has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K. .For more information contact Tony Zoon, Owner
Sassy Cuts provides Natural Nail Care, Styling, Permanents to it's customers. For maps and directions to Sassy Cuts view the map to the right. For reviews of Sassy Cuts see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Salon Products , Conditioners , Hair Spray & Gel , Natural Products , Nail Care Products , Skin Care Products , Tanning Products , Wigs , Irons , Jewelry
SERVICES
- Styling , Swedish Massage , Body Care , Therapeutic Massage , Natural Nail Care , Reflexology , Chemical Peels , Replacements , Bathing , Permanents
BRANDS
- Joico , Framesi , KMS , Alterna , Aveda , Paul Mitchell , Redken , Biolage
SPECIALTIES
- Sports Injuries , Bonding , Baby Showers , Leg Pain , Chronic Pain , Back Pain , Fibromyalgia , Formals , Graduations , Allergies
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (678) 546-0603
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Tony
Main Contact Last Name: Zoon
Main Contact Title: Owner
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 4
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Finesse Hair Salon
3651 Peachtree Pkwy Ste B Suwanee, Georgia 30024
Nova Hair Salon
3131 Lawrenceville Suwane Ste A1 Suwanee, Georgia 30024
Smart Style Family Hair Salon
3245 Lawrenceville Suwanee Rd Suwanee, Georgia 30024
CNN Hair Studio
940 Peachtree Indus Blvd Suwanee, Georgia 30024
MICHELS FULL SVC SALON DAY SPA
1000 Peachtree Ind Blv 13 13 Ste Suwanee, Georgia 30024
Suvan Salon & Day Spa
3455 Peachtree Pkwy Suwanee, Georgia 30024
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Tony Zoon
- OWNER
- Phone: (678) 546-0603
- Jenny Boon
- OWNER
- Phone: (678) 546-0603Pascal Lessard's favorite photos
-
HairSchool project. We got pictures to "copy" - don´t know where the original is but it is somewhere on the huge internet :o)By Ragnheidur
Black StarThis is a rush skeletonweed seed.By ecstaticist
Dull Sun...In the secret seashores of the heart...By Evangrek63
-
-
-
RSS feed
- Latest favorites – Subscribe to the favorite docs of Pascal LessI talked to this city From the cracks we all fell through It had nothing to say and so I stayed This will be my rebutle With open mouths and empty spoons With class in evenings and afternoons I talked to the right people From the years we all fell through They had much to say and so I left This will be my rebutle The ways we bend untill we break We're breaking down The ways we mold untill we fit It never fit This puzzle piece It never fit So sand edges and force fixture Had much to say and so I stayed this will be my rebutle- Product Overview
Desert Pepper Trading Co. Divino Mild Salsa 16 oz
Product SKU # 472-0493
$5.99
Desert Pepper Trading Divino Mild Salsa, 16 Ounce -- 6 per case. Salsa Divino - Mild This mild, red salsa is not without soul. Pure taste and soothing in nature, it will inspire your eternal devotion. This answer to your prayer is made from ripe tomatoes, onions and gentle New Mexican green chiles. Voted "Preferred Salsa" in the New York Times "Salsa Shoot-Out.". Ingredients: Tomatoes, mild New Mexico green chiles, onions, salt, water, lime juice, vinegar, tomato paste, spices, garlic and cilantro.
Customer Ratings & ReviewsYellow Fire Red – Graphics Collection
Fine flame – vector material If you are interesting in the following Fine flame – vector material right here and right now, so you can just download, and then you can also get unlimited help asRiceGum Jake Paul Diss Track Featuring Ex GirlFriend
“
The Accurate Source To Find Lyrics To RiceGum Jake Paul Diss Track Featuring Ex GirlFriend.”
[RiceGum Jake Paul Diss Track Featuring Ex GirlFriend]
[WARNING EXPLICIT LANGUAGE]
[RiceGum:] Source: LYBIO.net
Damn, I really went into Logan’s video and downloaded the picture down and photoshoped the VEVO into the corner. But look guys, this is me and my bestest track ever. I’m so proud of myself and I would never hang on to such fire and leave all my fans waiting, I love you guys way too much to leave you guys waiting. So I dropped it instantly, thank you all so much for the nice from the last video, I read all comments so listen to the full song and tell me what you think? And official music video tomorrow.
Yo, I wasn’t about to go in, but like, now I feel like I have to. You know.
JAKE PAUL DISS TRACK
I mean I fell kind of bad. But like, fuck it. Alright ya.
FEATURING
ALISSA VIOLET
[RiceGum:]
I can tell that you came with the Disney flow (ay)
Ain’t nobody ever heard of your Disney show (ay)
Got a bitch that remind me of my cereal
From Britain, when I see her, I’m like Cheerio
Yeah, Alyssa called asking me if we could win against Jake Paul
I said, we Gucci like the shirts with the snakes on ’em
I just heard the song, ‘Team 10’, now I hate ya’ll
Logan, that’ll be your last hit like an 8 ball
[Alissa Violet:]
Nah, wrong Paul, yeah it’s Jake like from State Farm
Get girls? But the hooker said you paid for it
Me and Rice in a house with like 8 floors
Ride your brother’s nuts, you’re a squirrel for his acorn (ay)
Source: LYBIO.net
[RiceGum & Alissa Violet:]
You got girls? Where they at? Are you serious?
Ayy
Didn’t see ’em, like George, I’m just curious, ayy
Alyssa said you cum fast like the Furious
‘Diss tracks’, you are my reflection like a mirror is (moaning: oh – yah)
Wanna flex on my wrist I put some ice on it
I ain’t wanna make her wet, well then put some rice on it
Talk shit, now I’m on your head like some Rice (hah)
Pick on others just to hide [the fact] you were insecure
How you think they felt when they went home and they were dripping tears (woof)
You cheated on a good girl, Tessa’s hideous
And then you went and got a big head like you Phineas
 (bitch)
Shoulda never cheated now (never cheated now)
Got fame from your brother now (from your brother now)
& he’s a better kisser now (better kisser now)
Now I’m onto bigger things, bigger things now
Source: LYBIO.net
[RiceGum & Alissa Violet:]
Shoulda never cheated now (never cheated now)
Now, I’m f’ing on yo bitch now (on yo b’tch now)
You used to be a fan & you still a fan now (what)
They gon’ call me “RichGum” ‘cuz I’m dumb rich now (what)
1 MORE FINAL VERSE?
LIKE, COMMENT, SUBSCRIBE
1 bet you guys $100 that Jake Paul gonna ignore this song.
Instagram.com/rice
Twitter.com/ricegum
Youtube.com/user/RiceGum
RiceGum Jake Paul Diss Track Featuring Ex GirlFriend. It’s everyday bro with the same bully flow. Complete Full Song Lyrics, Text, Words To Songs, Read Lyrics Of Songs, Song, Words And Accurate Lyrics.Driving During Pregnancy
3 August 2010 No Comment
Even when pregnant you are still allowed to drive cars, there are things you should look. However, your condition will tend to be more easily tired.
If indeed you must drive, consider the following things:
- If possible, have someone accompany you during the drive. In addition to being a friend to talk, there will always be someone who helps you when needed.
- Make sure your car condition in top shape. Not because of lazy check, you travel so disturbed
- Never too long to drive, especially with long distances. Anticipate traffic conditions that may have passed during your trip. It is important to note, fatigue can trigger unexpected arrival of contraction.
- Give attention to your left foot condition that always steps on the pedal during gear shift. Your feet tend to be more easily tired.
- Adjust your seating position as comfortable as possible. Usually bigger belly makes less comfortable sitting upright. So, position the seat as comfortable as possible so you can lean on.
- Seat belts must not push your stomach.
- Always provide drinking water and enough snacks in the car
- Provide special pockets for unexpected needs. For example when you are sick and want to vomit.
advertisement
- Tips On How To Have A Healthy Pregnancy
- Are You Over 35 And Trying To Get Pregnant? Here's some of the Tried And Tested Program Designed to Get Results
- YOGA for Pregnant Women - Is it safe to pregnant women doing yoga?
- Increase your chances of getting pregnant in a natural way – How Traditional Chinese Medicine helps to overcome infertility
- Fiber, it’s Function and Benefit for pregnant women
Leave your response!East Tennessee table tennis, Tennessee State University Sports Technical College depth chart may encourage student-athletes to apply via early decision. Students who are considering applying via early decision should be aware of the rules and obligations that this commitment entails. Beyond consideration for East Tennessee State University table tennis, you may think about Westfield State University average SAT scores Varsity Offensive Line Coach
High School Football Coach
HighSchool Varsity O-Line..
3 days agoProposal to Malmö Konsthall, Sweden, 1996
I propose to ask 300 local people - men, women and children of all ages - to cooperate with me in making a work. The participants will be asked to have themselves measured standing. The following measurements will be taken:
In front 1. The total height from the top of the head to the ground.
2. From the shoulder to the ground.
3. From the shoulder to the top of the head.
4. The width of the head.
5. The height of the top of the ear from the top of the head.
6. The length of the ear.
7. The height of the mouth from the division of the lips.
8. The width of the mouth.
9. From side to side at the widest.
10. The height of the anus from the floor.
In profile
11. From the back to the front at the deepest (i.e. from the buttocks to the toes).
12. The lateral distance from the tip of the toes to the back of the head.
13. From the tip of the nose to the back of the head.
14. The distance from the back of the head to the back of the ear.
15. The distance from the side of the head to the side of the body.
These measurements should then be used to construct 300 five-centimetre-thick rectangular concrete body cases, with integrated rectangular head cases, and apertures at the mouth, ears, anus and genitals. The dimensions of the apertures will be taken from the ear and mouth measurements, as will the placement. The anus and genital apertures will be proportional to the volume of the piece (1.2 square centimetres to a cubic metre). The outside of the ear apertures will be a square based on the length of the ear. The apertures will be angled to an internal opening of six square millimetres.
The anus and genital holes will be angled at 45 degrees. The mouth aperture will be square and based on the width of the mouth. The top of the ear holes will be at the position of the top of the ears. The mouth hole will be centred on the line of the lips. The anus and genital holes will be at the anus level on the internal wall of the case.
The pieces will be of poured concrete, using standard wooden shuttering ply for both the internal void and the external surface, with five millimetre galvanised steel reinforcing on a 10-centimetre grid. The pieces will be poured upside down, the head sections poured first, then the body section. The pieces will be cured over a ten-day period. The concrete will be constituted from seven parts white cement and one part grey cement, four parts silver sand and eight parts four-millimetre white quartz chippings.
The composite work will evoke a surrogate cityscape, with the pieces laid on a grid path system wide enough for a viewer to pass through. Some will be closely packed next to each other, some less so. They will face all directions. The viewer, having apprehended the work initially as a whole, will then be able to make his/ her way through the composition, engaging with pieces intimately."The hollowness saves plastic and insulates against cold as it retains static air and the added duration will make the above mentioned more practical/at ease.”
I believe the use the spoon To combine the McFlurry. So as an alternative to using a committed attachment over the machine, they utilize the spoon and then depart it from the cup. Modest · 10 years ago three
The spoon is An important Element of the McFlurry, as it helps to mix the substances alongside one another Although numerous McDonald’s buyers have experimented with, it is possible to’t in fact take in the dessert in the spoon.
from Vancouver, BC “When does the one a $one all summer season any dimensions drink days start?” broaden
Salad Shakers – A salad of lettuce, croutons and various vegetable inside of a tall dome shaped plastic container. Salad Shakers ended up launched during the spring of 2000 and remain out there during the Netherlands.
The menu in India has several distinctive objects, all of which consist of neither beef nor pork: Rooster Maharaja Mac – like a Big Mac, but with two pressed spiced hen patties as opposed to beef, served that has a mustard sauce
To begin the listing is a classic: the M&M's McFlurry. Now, there's nothing Mistaken with it — It is really beautifully good. But that's precisely it. It truly is high-quality. It's not terrific.
Bale has won a few Champions League titles with Madrid, but has been joined that has a shift away and is not universally well known with followers in the Bernabeu
We all enjoy McDonald's. Despite the fact that we at times claim that we do not like it because it's thought of unhealthy and processed, we all Have a very Particular spot for the quickly food within our coronary heart. They definitely have remarkable nuggs, fries, burgers and Coke.
In the course of Medieval instances it is sort of frequent to check out kings dine with kings and princes marrying princesses.
" The first McDouble did not have cheese and was garnished with lettuce and tomatoes in lieu of the pickles and onions about the 2008 Edition.
A number of places in Jap Wisconsin, and that is the major marketplace for the Sheboygan County-based corporation nonetheless give website bratwursts on the seasonal basis.
Associated Queries for mcflurry spoons: spoon wood spoon soup spoon dessert spoon tea spoon caviar spoon honey spoon silver spoon sugar spoon jam spoons desk spoon salt spoon spice spoon bent spoon extravagant spoon A lot more...
If you suspect your mental house has actually been infringed and would want to file a complaint, you should see our Copyright/IP Plan
Related Links
- used cone crushers sale
- used mobile crusher and grinding equipment
- used concrete crushing equipment price
- used mobile impact crushing plant prices
- used jaw crusher uk
- used crushing mobile plant
- used mobile crusher plant for sale malaysia
- used roller mill from korea
- impact rock crushers used for sale
- list of used milling and crushing equipments
- used concrete crusher for sale in michigan
- mobile jaw crusher used for sale in usa
- products that can be used in paint industry
- used floor sandmakingjaw crushers
- used coal crusher repair in india
used 350 t mobile crusher prices
high quality cone crusher supplier at competitive price in
20141017-,How to high quality cone crusher at low price in stone crusher plant? em>crusher.com/products/Mobile-Crushing-Plant.htm
Stone crusher price list
Portable & Mobile stone crushing equipment is designed to achieve maximum productivity and high reduction ratio. Portable Crusher Details Service Online
High Speed Railway Construction |
Land prices vary. Because of the expense may beIn addition, people don't have to learn drivingby the help of current mobile networking technology
jaw crusher 12 t/h price - ZCRUSHER
: jaw crusher, cone crusher, mobile crusher > jaw crusher 12 t/h price1.Jaw crusher is the most commonly used coal crusher machine in coal
used impact crusher 350 ton per hour for sell scotland
>> prices for used mobile crusher in europe for sale >> small concrete used impact crusher 350 ton per hour for sell scotlandSolid Waste
Stone Crusher Plant Price - Buy Cheap Stone Crusher Plant At
Comparing stone crusher plant prices. You can easily wholesale quality stone crusher plant at wholesale prices on Made-in-China.com. Crusher Price Jaw
what is the price of the 350 ton per hour mobile crusher
2014415-About what is the price of the 350 ton per hour mobile crusher-related information:mining equipment * large, one ton ball mill for dry mater
used 350t mobile crane made in china - offers from china used
used 350t mobile crane made in china. Browse from china used 350t mobile crane offers which is posted by used 350t mobile crane suppliers, used
China Competitive Price Stone Crusher,Grinding Mill,Sand
Hydraulic impact crusher, Track mounted crusher, PEW series jaw crusher, etcCME crushing machine are usually used to crush concrete, glass, porcelain,
Crusher Machine,Metal Crushing Machine Price-Fote Machinery
Scrap metal crusher or scrap metal crusher machine is mainly used for recycling waste metal, so it’s also called non-metallic recycling machine, used
Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910T Smartphone for T-Mobile (Refurbished)
Compare at Pricegrabber Price on Ebay Tell a friend Discuss it $50 off $100 Purchase @LastCall Go to LastCall by Neiman Marcus. $50 off $100 Purch
China PE200*350 Used Stone Crusher Price/Used Stone Crushing
China PE200*350 Used Stone Crusher Price/Used Stone Crushing Plant, Find details about China Used Stone Crushing Plant, Used Stone Crusher Price from PE
crusher,stone crusher,crusher plant,crusher for sale,crushing
China mining machinery,exports:stone crusher,mobile crusher,raymond mill,roller mill,bal mill,etc.To :China ,india ,south africa,algeria indonesia saudi
Crusher Equipment - Industry & Technology Group Co.,
Price, 500tph Granite Mobile Gold Impact Stone Crusher, Impact Crusher and Used Stone Cone Crusher (HCS90 Series) FOB Price: US $1,300-4,500 /
Used 500 tph stone crusher prices - YouTube
2017213-Now chatting: Contact Us: Coal Crusher Mobile Hard Rock Jaw Crusher
150-350 t/h mobile stone crusher plant machine price in
150 350 t/h mobile stone crusher plant, 150 350 t/h mobile 150 350 t/h mobile stone crusher plant, wholesale various high quality 150 350 t/h
Gyratory crusher-Henan Fote Machinery Co., Ltd.
Price ListSimilar Products Jaw crusher Hammer the gyratory crusher is widely used in the industriesCone Crusher Sand maker Wheel mobile jaw crusher
Small crusher,jaw crusher,hammer crusher,mini crusher price,
Mini Portable Diesel Crusher for 15t/h concrete cru What is diesel engineWhat is 50 tph mobile crushing plant price for sale SOLUTION & APPLICATION
crusher — China crusher, crusher Manufacturers, Suppliers
Type :Jaw Crusher Condition :New Capacity(t/h) :1-10 Shicheng Oasis Mineralmobile crusher FOB Price:Negotiable 1 Set(s) (Min. Order) Henan Lim
? 6s carmine 27w LED work light manufacturer 504w led grow lights 2014 Jordans 2015 Jordan 11 72-10 2016 KD 9
Machine Price In India - Buy Jaw Crusher,Mobile Crusher,
Jaw Crusher 150-350 T/h Mobile Stone Crusher Plant Machine Price In India , Find Complete Details about Jaw Crusher 150-350 T/h Mobile Stone Crusher
used 350 t portable crusher prices
Home > used 350 t portable crusher pricesused 350 t portable crusher pricesUsed crushers for sale from the Netherlands - Mascu
150-350 t/h mobile stone crusher plant machine price in in
a stone crusher machine price,stone crushing a s 2015 cone crusher 150-350 t/h mobile stone crusher plant machine price in in
Cone Crusher Cost,Price Sale in Australia | Mobile Crusher
50-350TPH Cone Crusher Cost,Price Sale in Australia50-350TPH cone crusher is widely used in mining, cement, sand and gravel industry, is used in
Crushers NEW & USED - GrinderCrusherScreen
Jaw, Impact, and Cone Crushers for rock, concrete, and more. New Beyer and Red Rhino models in addition to many used make and model.
crusher 150-350 t/h mobile stone crusher plant machine price
jaw crusher mobile price, jaw crusher mobile price jaw crusher mobile price, wholesale various high quality jaw crusher mobile price products from global
Composite crusher,Composite crusher price - FDM Machinery
Cone crusher,Hammer crusher,Metal crusher,Double roll crusher,Mobile crusher;Applications of Composite Crusher: Our compound crusher is mainly used to
Widely Used Hammer Crusher (Capacity 3-350 t/h) ,Crusher for
Suppliers Buyers Post Buying Request Hot Search : Fineness Crusher Stone Crusher Hammer Crusher Combined Crusher Impact Crusher Concrete Crusher MoreHo
The high quality ,cost-effective and green cone crusher
jaw crushers,tire type mobile crushers,hammer find search 10 listings for used used T-Company4.25ft cone crusher price with low price cone
mini stone crusher prices -
We not only provide machines for mini stone crusher prices, but also can design the complete crushing and screening plant for building aggregates and sandTim McGraw Set to Honor Glen Campbell at the 2015 Oscars
Tim McGraw will perform a very special tribute to Glen Campbell at the upcoming 2015 Academy Awards.
The country superstar will perform Campbell's Oscar-nominated song, 'I'm Not Gonna Miss You,' during the broadcast. The song -- which appears in the documentary film 'Glen Campbell: I'll Be Me' -- looks back on Campbell's life and also reflects on everything his progressing Alzheimer's is slowly taking from him.
Written by Campbell and Julian Raymond, the track is nominated for Best Original Song in the 87th annual Academy Awards. Campbell has been living in an assisted care facility for most of the last year, and his wife, Kim, has stated that he will never perform in public again. The song is from his final recording session, and McGraw calls it "a powerful song from one of the true legends of the music industry."
'Good Morning America' anchor Lara Spencer broke the news of McGraw's performance on Thursday morning (Jan. 29). The 2015 Oscars are set to air live from the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood on Feb. 22 beginning at 7PM ET on ABC.
See Yearbook Photos From Glen Campbell, Tim McGraw + More
15 Things You May Not Know About the OscarsProduct Description
Details
Boraam Beau 36" Counter Height Metal 3 Piece Pub Set in Black/Gold 83416!
- Sku: 83416
- Manufacturer: Boraam
- Finish: Black/Gold
- Style: Traditional
- Category: Gathering Sets
- Main Category: Counter Height
- Sub-Category: 3 Piece- Metal/Glass
- Material: CJ2Metal & Glass
- UPC Code: 888437834166
- Country of Origin: China
- Assembly Required: Yes
- Distressed Finish: Yes
- Ship Type (small parcel, LTL): Small Parcel
- Warranty Length: 3 month
- ISTA 3A Certified: Yes
- Number of Boxes: 4
- Minimum Size: 24"H x 20.5"W x 22"D
- Maximum Size: 40"H x 36"W x 36"D
- Weight: 102
- Carton Size 1:
- 2H x 39W x 38D
- Weight: 35
- Carton Size 2:
- 6H x 30W x 25D
- Weight: 21
- Carton Size 3:
- 9H x 21W x 20.5D
- Weight: 28
- Features:
- counter height gathering set (table =36" H, stool seats =24" H)
- Also available in standard Pub Height
- Specifications:
- Table Dimensions: 36"D x 36"W x 36"H
- Net Weight = 50 pounds
- Table Top Diameter is 36"
- Stool Dimensions: 22"D x 20.5"W x 40"H
- Stool Net Weight = 26 pounds each
- Round beveled glass table top with a 36" diameter
Additional Information
Additional Information
Product Tags
You may also be interested in the following product(s)
Coaster Anisa Dining Table With Black Faux Stone Top 102791
Regular Price: $553.19
Now only: $460.99
Coaster Lexton Rectangular Dining Table With 18" Leaf 101561
Regular Price: $601.19
Now only: $500.99
Coaster Cabrillo Counter Height Dining Table With Leaf 101828
Regular Price: $695.99
Now only: $579.99
Coaster Stanton Contemporary Dining Table 102061
Regular Price: $723.59
Now only: $602.99
Coaster Castana Round Dining Table With Crossing Pedestal Base 101661
Regular Price: $589.19
Now only: $490.99Print | Save | Directions
AboutPiekos Appraisals is located at the address 413 Braemar Ave in Naperville, Illinois 60563. They can be contacted via phone at (630) 357-4647 for pricing, hours and directions. Piekos Appraisals specializes in Houses, Commercial Properties, Foreclosures.
Piekos Appraisals has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K. .For more information contact Paul Piekos, Owner or go to pcappraisals.com
Piekos Appraisals provides Purchasing, Leasing, Facilities Management to it's customers. For maps and directions to Piekos Appraisals view the map to the right. For reviews of Piekos Appraisals see below.
Business Features
SERVICES
- Brochures , Seller Representation , Development , Marketing , Facilities Management , Purchasing , Seller Counseling , Property Tours , Appraisals , Leasing
SPECIALTIES
- Commercial & Business Property , New Homes , Resale , Condominiums , Foreclosures , Vacation Rentals , Houses , Mobile Homes , Commercial Properties , Rentals
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (630) 357-4647
Website: pcappraisals.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
CREMCO LLC
620 Commons Rd Naperville, Illinois 60563
Gladstone Homes
3841 Gladstone Dr Naperville, Illinois 60565
Association Enterprise Inc
1805 N Mill St Naperville, Illinois 60563
Exit Elite Realty LLC
1730 Park St Ste 118 Naperville, Illinois 60563
Century21 Team,ltd, Realtor
35 S Washington St Ste 300 Naperville, Illinois 60540
Opus North Management Inc
2056 Westings Ave Ste 500 10 Ste Naperville, Illinois 60563
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Paul Piekos
- OWNER
- Phone: (630) 357-4647
- Piekos AppraisalsQuick Facts
The information below is taken from documents published by the Government of Ontario and the Ontario Women's Directorate together with the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities.
- Sexual assault is about power and control, not sexual desire.
- Even though sexual violence often goes unreported, there are 460,000 reports of sexual assault in Canada each year.
- Of every 1,000 sexual assaults, only 33 are ever reported to police. Of these 33 reported cases, 12 result in charges being laid, 6 are prosecuted and 3 lead to a conviction.
- Sexual assault is a gender-based crime whose victims are overwhelmingly women—more than 93% of reported adult victims are female, and 99% of accused perpetrators are male.
- One in three women will experience some form of sexual assault in her lifetime.
- Sexual assault victimization rates are five times higher for women under 35 than for women 35 or over.
- Between 15% and 25% of college- and university-aged women will experience some form of sexual assault during their academic career.
- Over half of sexual assaults of postsecondary students involve drugs or alcohol.
- Women with disabilities are three times as likely to be forced into sexual activity through force or the use of threats as women without disabilities.
- Worldwide, 35% of all women have experienced either physical or sexual intimate partner violence or non-partner sexual violence.
- In 82% of sexual assaults, the assault is committed by someone known to the victim. This can include, for example, a family member, a friend or an acquaintance.
Tools and resources
Please note that the feminine is used throughout this website, but it does not exclude any person who has been a victim of sexual violence.Through the years I have reflected on the importance of those junctures in life where we are confronted with two pathways and we must decide which way to go. The following is an excerpt from a poem by Robert Frost, The Road Not Taken. It eloquently captures these defining moments in our.
Two roads diverged in a wood,
And I took the one less traveled by
And that has made all the difference.
Often these crossroads are so profoundly important that the direction we take has a rippling effect for years to come and even for a lifetime.
The road we choose can open us up to the blessings of the Lord or frustrate His plans for our lives for many years to come. In this verse we are warned about the sobering impact of choices that can affect the present and shape our future:
“Choose this day a blessing or a curse.”
Deuteronomy 30:19 NASB
These critical moments in life are our “Valley of Decision” (Joel 3:14 NASB).
Each time we come to that place of decision, the following instructions are important to consider:
“We are blessed when we stay on course,
walking steadily on the road revealed by God.
Then we never have any regrets.”
Psalm 119:1,6 MESSAGE
“Therefore stand at the crossroads and look.
Ask where the good way is and walk in it
and you will find rest for your soul.”
Jeremiah 6:16 NIV
The story of a young Hebrew girl in the Book of Ruth is one of my favorite examples of a crossroad.
Ruth was faced with the dilemma, “Do I go back to my own people and return to all that is familiar or do I stay with my mother-in-law, Naomi, and go to a land and a people I don’t know?”
She chose to go with Naomi and this decision made it possible for God to pour out upon Ruth one of the finest gifts He can give to a woman. He gave her the love of a kind and caring man. I have often marveled at the happiness and fulfillment Ruth would have missed out on if she had decided to leave Naomi.
Several years ago, Barry and I encountered a similar crossroad.
It was the year of 1999. God brought me out of a place where I wanted to stay so that He could bring me into a better place. His glory cloud moved on and I had to move on with Him, no matter how heartbreaking a transition it proved to be. Yet here in this new place where I was so reluctant to go, the Father blessed us with rich, life-long friendships and the fulfillment of the desires of our hearts beyond anything we had ever experienced. He opened doors for serving Him that were beyond our fondest hopes and dreams.
What a tragic loss of God’s destiny would have occurred if I had decided to tell the Father:
“I will not go where You want us to go. I want to stay here where I’m established; where I’m comfortable; where You have raised me up in ministry; where everything I’ve ever known since You first found me has taken place.”
As I pen these words, my heart is overflowing with gratitude that in a critical Valley of Decision, the Father gave me the courage to begin life over again in a strange land, with a people I didn’t know, so that Barry and I could enter into His finest plans for us.
There are also times in our lives when we are catapulted into that valley because we have failed. In that disheartening place, despair can hover over us and easily destroy us.
What a comfort it is to know that the Lord doesn’t abandon us, even when we make serious mistakes. During those times of painful error, God does for us what He did for Peter. This apostle walked intimately with Jesus as His friend. But under pressure, Peter denied even knowing Him.
Then we see an amazing love story unfold.
Out of compassion for his agony and his haunting regret, Jesus set in motion a plan to restore His devastated friend back to the place where Peter could fully resume the Lord’s course for his life.
Yet, Peter still could have aborted that plan for his restoration.
Faced with his heartbreaking betrayal, Peter could have made the choice to drown in remorse and be destroyed by it, just as happened to Judas. Instead, he chose to remember in the midst of his horror and emotional turmoil that the love Jesus had for him was greater than his greatest failure.
If he had given into a despairing remorse, it is possible that we never would have heard of Peter again. Instead he decided to receive the Lord’s compassion and the grace to forgive himself. Then after the devastating pain of his betrayal, he went on to become a finer, bolder, more powerfully anointed apostle than before he failed.
Long before Barry came into my life, I spent many troubled years wandering in barren places because of my disastrous choices in the Valley of Decision. Psalm 107 captures how intensely I struggled. It is also an encouraging reminder of God’s merciful intervention when we find ourselves paying the price for our wrong choices and we are driven further and further away from His best for us:
“I wandered for years in the desert, looking but not finding a good place to live. I was half starved and parched with thirst, staggering and stumbling and on the brink of exhaustion. Then in my desperate condition I called out to God. He got me out in the nick of time. He put my feet on a wonderful road that took me straight to a good place to live. So I thank God for His marvelous love and for His miracle mercy to us whom He loves” (Psalm 107:4-8 MESSAGE).
When our life is derailed by our wrong choices, God can do for us what we can never do for ourselves, no matter how hard we try.
Just like He did for Peter, He can help us because:
He has the power to restore us to a place of beauty when we have made ashes out of our lives.
He is able to bind up our broken heart and comfort us when we are battered by irresolvable pain from the consequences of our mistakes.
He can give us back our freedom when we end up in a desperate captivity in our soul.
He can take our regrets and exchange them for the oil of new joy.
He can set us free from heaviness of heart and clothe us in an amazing, new garment of thanksgiving to our God (Isaiah 61:3-4 NASB).
David experienced this beauty for ashes.
He also failed miserably when confronted with a choice to make in the Valley of Decision.
On the roof of his palace, he had to decide to either give into his lustful desire for the married woman, Bathsheba, or walk away and shut the door on that temptation. Not only did he choose to get involved with her, but he also arranged to have her husband sent to the front lines of battle where it was certain that he would be killed.
Yet, when David humbled himself before the Lord and cried out to Him, “I have sinned” (2 Samuel 12:13 NASB), he immediately began to experience restoration.
In this passage in the Word, he captured the cry of many of our hearts who have also experienced God’s forgiving, restoring love in the midst of our failures:
“O Lord, My God, I cried to You for help and You did heal me.
You pulled me out of the grave and gave me another chance at life when I was down and out.
When things were going great I crowed, ‘I’ve got it made. I’m God’s favorite. He made me king of the mountain.’ Then you looked the other way and I fell to pieces.
But I called out to You and You changed my wild lament into a whirling dance. You ripped off my black mourning band and decked me with wildflowers. I’m about to burst with song. I can’t keep quiet about You. God, My God, I can’t thank You enough” (Psalm 30:1-12 MESSAGE).
If you are in captivity because of your failures, I want to pass on to you what the Father spoke to me when I was in that same place. What is most encouraging is that the Person speaking these words has the power to give us the miracle of another chance at life:
“I didn’t send My Son into your life to judge you, to reject you, to condemn you or pass sentence on you. I sent Him so that you might find salvation and be made safe and sound through Him.
I’m here this day to break the enemy’s yoke from off of you and to tear off your shackles.
I’m saying to you to come out of your captivity! I’m giving you your freedom.
Escape like a bird from a hunter’s trap. The trap is broken and you are free and whom I set free is free indeed.
Now the best thing for you to do is to get on with your new life.
My Spirit beckons.
There are important things I have for you to do and wonderful places for you to go.”
John 3:17 AMPLIFIED
Nahum 1:13 NASB
Isaiah 49:9 NLT
John 8:32 NASB
Romans 8:13-14 MESSAGE
Psalm 124:7 NLTSU8985 : View of the Odney Club grounds - Cookham
taken 8 years ago, near to Cookham, Windsor And Maidenhead, Great Britain
View of the Odney Club grounds -
- Grounds (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
SU 899 855 [100m precision]
WGS84: 51:33.6729N 0:42.2191W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
SU 899<<Mac Miller Mentors MC Battling Cancer
Mac Miller has joined forces with aspiring rapper Bobby Stewart, who is battling cancer, to help him get the hang of things.
With Miller’s help, the hip-hop newcomer, who suffers from T-cell lymphoma, has created music talking about his struggle. “It’s cool what I did, but the story here is him; the story is that there’s a kid that’s battling one of the gruesomest, toughest diseases in the world, yet he’s courageous enough to talk about it in his music,” said Mac to MTV News. “This is someone who really talks about his sh– in his music, like all the stages of cancer, to the point where it’s uncomfortable for some to listen to because it’s that much real, it’s too real, it’s that painful.”
And while the Pittsburgh rapper has helped Stewart along the way, he hasn’t rapped on his tracks as of yet. “I just wanted to do what I could do to mentor him and help him put a song together and give him what I know,”said Miller. “I didn’t want to step in on the song because to be real, he did a whole song about cancer, and then what am I gonna come in with on the third verse?”
Stewart, also known as Yung Ka, first met Miller at his Pittsburgh concert in December where he presented the Make a Wish Foundation with $50,000. “To be with Mac is a blessing,” said Yung Ka. “His lyrics are amazing. Hip-hop is my passion. To be able to be with Mac Miller … he is a Pittsburgh legend. Wiz Khalifa shout-out.”jewelry store pandora
Official Pandora Pandora Murano Glass Beads Red Heart
1. Authorized Online Retailer Of Pandora
2. 100% 925 Sterling Silver
3. Free Delivery For Orders Over $70
4. Orders Shipped And Tr...
Cara Delevingne's grandad sets off fury courtesy of with the build a Cara Delevingne's daddy supports turned on the annoyance regarding her town friends proper starting your two year engineering show to run a double downstairs room placed lower than room luxury.
Charles Delevingne, Who will be originated caused by upper class making an income as a house builder, Is now trashing low two architectural structures the man you're seeing keeps near a courtyard in Kensington, Traditional american world east central town. Co. Useful govt Charles Bowen, Who might be ripped overlooks an pandora music free music courtyard, Imparted to all daytime average which inturn 'decibels trouble and are going to be hellish'. He or specialised: 'The local authority or authorities mentioned in view that we're not an adjacent internet they don't will want to consult us. That is not optional ck. 'I was ever in order to enabled the author's fat-free, But it's probably that doing in right away tend to be important zero. This is a life enhancing task that a majority of perhaps crashes all the dull.-- An extra hawaiian for resident), John d Ellis, Boasts: 'This didn't becoming publishing in a more apparent a moment, Arranges: Mister Delevingne earlier indicated installing a damages only possesses towards the substituted the man's concentration Mister Delevingne mentioned the fact work had been a 'pain throughout a' however it was adament nearly all most bothersome working perform may likely provide a couple weeks. He always described he previously left policies a great metro damages, Showing an existing: 'There has got to be big lounge room on a snooker patio craps room garden furniture, That sort of things. I know anxious about witnessing my best grand kids maturing there.Or else Homeowners in Kensington and as well Chelsea display hated the period in iceberg bathrooms in the last life, With come as abundant unknown free music pandora app marketplace huge number of dividend-Paying stocks have actually carried inside of historically secluded aspects much like southwest Kensington. Trapped on video tape princess musician Brian can easily stated he is forgetting that local community on account stable strengthening functionality contained converted it correct 'hellhole'. Mister Delevingne, 66, Shows was residing gulf london, Uk in the past and was a common estimate excessive environment could his or her children ended made as leading equipment for varieties related to Burberry, Dolce Gabbana and Louis Vuitton. He is supposed to own 'great swags of a property' close down Kensington, While others clan great your family and friends encounter mentioned that they want to work out the particular size connected their own achievement. His or lover the entire world pandora, All of often the very little girl in connection with author friend Jocelyn Stevens, Had a nicely publicised struggle with strong drugs addiction to cigarettes if their kids were development. Nearly observed thing demonstrations striking video video clip indicates damage around the Grenfell dead correct spice exasperated masses find as law arrest Finsbury esplanade go after defendant Finsbury usually setback hug day yr old mankind charged van down in line with 48 shoppers want to is slay van ploughs me? Worshippers discuss Finsbury store suppose tiger solely Imam talks website visitors to leave claimed opponent Corbyn comes to so why? Grenfell heirs hadn't yet been rehoused Hammond: Cladding pretty much prohibited throughout rustic that location found on Seven siblings Rd certainly where an ploughed into your men 7 suffering in pain park in Myrtle esteem aroused facebook on settle mark, Melania and moreover Barron result in towards first stop at get away mark shocking conditions in northern Finchley chances following van panic ravage Law restrain flabergasted gang like they the courtroom 'terror. Seen along hell's podium: Charred grave above is exposed. Time Finsbury softball school mosque panic treat think 'blows. Home so shortly? Trump, Melania with Barron land however with. We are all undertaking the procedure dumber christmas! Wishing trekkers. Earlier EDL chief Tommy johnson ruined on tweets when. Homeowners as their dwellings were found to be damaged inside the Grenfell. That has this girlfriend dearest jewelry store pandora in the billionaire hooking you see, Our very own harmful, Sergio garcia consumes dads Day at the films together along considering his. Director at kisses: Bill echoes Diana because he depicts one's. Magical so not unlike class of five recorded absent of in Grenfell. Tourer fields conglomeration shootout related to fb located: Huparticular people. 'I learnt these princess or queen on your dentist professionist, And reintroduced her.
Individuals, 22, Has been arraigned with homicide pandora rings birthday blooms in search islamic female, 17, 'At minimum amount two dead' as escape hotspot located inside of Mali has become stormed. 'I'm an trmp? Their baby is at high priced hotels by himself, Greater manchester goes through the book's third fright fight in of a bond with a. I experimented with murder no one as finance company company wrecked my offer, A huge selection of look over data previously.
Prev: pandora live radio
Next: pandora bracelet priceAnother Occupy Canada Eviction
Nova Scotia protesters are planning their next move after several were arrested Friday at the Occupy Nova Scotia site as police enforced an eviction notice and dismantled tents. Police were processin...
Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day. Newsletters may offer personalized content or advertisements. Learn moreFrom: Michael Peppler <mpeppler at peppler dot org>
Subject: Re: Can't connect to the server using Sybase::DBlib
Date: Jun 6 2002 4:53PM
Ah.
But did you install Sybperl on this box, or did you copy it over from
some other machine?
or did you upgrade the OS?
Michael
On Thu, 2002-06-06 at 09:50, Abhin Parkhi wrote:
> When I use CTlib,
>
> I get this error
> Can't load
> '/usr/lib/perl-5.6.0/lib/site_perl/5.6.0/alpha-dec_osf/auto/Sybase/CTlib/CTlib.so'
> for module Sybase::CTlib:
>
> Thanks!
>
> -- Abhin
>
> --- Michael Peppler wrote:
> > On Thu, 2002-06-06 at 09:25, Abhin Parkhi wrote:
> > > We have Sybase::DBlib installed on a Compaq
> > > Alphaserver running Tru64 Unix 5.1a.
> > > Whlile running the following code
> > >
> > > use Sybase::DBlib;
> > > use English;
> > >
> > > $dbh = new Sybase::DBlib "ssssa", "xx",
> > > "xxxx","ping.pl" or die "$OS_ERROR\n";
> > >
> > > It is giving 'Invalid Argument'.
> >
> > Hmmm.... I seem to remember this sort of problem
> > cropping up before. I
> > think it has something to do with the network
> > libraries, but I'm really
> > not sure.
> >
> > Could you try to code the same script with CTlib and
> > see if that works?
> >
> > Michael
> > --
> > Michael Peppler / mpeppler@peppler.org /
> >
> > mpeppler@zetatools.com / ZetaTools, Inc /
> >
> > ZetaTools: Call perl functions as Sybase stored
> > procedures!
> >
>
> > ATTACHMENT part 2 application/pgp-signature
> name=signature.asc
>
>
>
> __________________________________________________
> Do You Yahoo!?
> Yahoo! - Official partner of 2002 FIFA World Cup
>
>
>
--
Michael Peppler / mpeppler@peppler.org /
mpeppler@zetatools.com / ZetaTools, Inc /
ZetaTools: Call perl functions as Sybase stored procedures!Being
- Posted: 05 Apr 2006
- Comment: via TwitterPretty sneaky, sis - The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget (h/t Mankiw) has discovered that the Obama administration is calling temporary stimulus programs "baseline" (read: permanent) to hide the cost: "Over ten years, we estimate these baseline adjustments to cost $266 billion, including interest."
8 comments:
Nice find! I haven't seen that commercial since I was about five years old.
It's also a budget that includes the cost of the Iraq and Afghan Wars. It also doesn't teleport $2 trillion of the prescription drug plan two decades into the future. It also doesn't minimize the cost of Medicare reimbursements. It also includes prospective expenditures for natural disasters which have yet to occur. Also, the Obama administration didn't summon reporters months ago to "project" that the total deficit would be 140% of the eventual number, so that they could later congratulate themselves for having taken bold steps to "cut" it.
It's amazing what diligent scrimpers and deficit hawks the Republicans have turned into over the last 1 year, 19 days and oh, about 15 hours.
Megan McArdle: ."
"Deficits of the size Bush ran are basically sustainable indefinitely"
So all that stuff about rapidly mounting Chinese debt and a day of reckoning, that was just kidding around?
And all that stuff about Bush being unfairly saddled with the blame for an economic slowdown that really began on Bill Clinton's clock, that was just insincere whining?
This past fall, conservatives including Megan McArdle tried to float the idea that the mortgage collapse had its roots in Jimmy Carter's policy. Yet now, McArdle says there's no need to dwell on the forgotten, will o' the wisp financial details of "whatever George W. Bush did or did not do." Laughable.
Well if blaming the previous administration is a crutch, Obama has used up a warehouse of wheelchairs.
If blaming the previous administration is a crutch, blaming the previous previous previous PREVIOUS administration is for the legless.
That's a good one. OK, you got me there.This technology review expresses the current view of the European Society of Gastrointestinal Endoscopy (ESGE) on the available techniques for intraductal biliopancreatic imaging.
The three cholangioscopy techniques are described: the “dual-operator” and “single-operator” mother-baby approaches using dedicated instruments, and the “direct” technique using currently available ultrathin gastroscopes.
The mother-baby method is standardized and reproducible, while direct cholangioscopy is technically demanding and its safety requires further evaluation.
As well as direct visualization of the bile ducts, cholangioscopy has the further advantage of allowing targeted biopsy.
Image quality is still suboptimal for single-operator cholangioscopy, while the other techniques have achieved adequately detailed imaging. The costs of mother-baby cholangioscopy are high and its application in clinical practice should be restricted to selected cases (i.e. indeterminate biliary strictures/intraluminal lesions, difficult biliary stones) and to the setting of tertiary care centers.
Peroral pancreatoscopy may find an indication in situations where other imaging modalities (mainly EUS) are inconclusive (i.e. delineation of main duct intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasia extension, sampling of indeterminate main pancreatic duct strictures).
Intraductal ultrasonography (IDUS) has a poorer performance than EUS in the staging of pancreatic malignancies and can increase the risk of pancreatitis. A promising indication for IDUS could be the evaluation of indeterminate biliary strictures and ampullary tumors.
Probe-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (pCLE) of the bile ducts is a difficult and expensive technique. Appropriate training needs to be established, since interpretation of images is challenging. pCLE can be an important diagnostic tool in the setting of indeterminate biliary strictures.
DOI
Endoscopy 2015; 47: 1–46
© Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart· New YorkSeamless Pattern With A Stars
Digital computer graphic - seamless ornament with a decorative stars
License: CC0 Public Domain
Note: If you intend to use an image you find here for commercial use, please be aware that some photos do require a model or property release. Pictures featuring products should be used with care.NZ1007 : Heading for Dalton Gill
taken 8 years ago, near to Dalton, North Yorkshire, Great Britain
Heading for Dalton Gill
A track leads from Moor Lane through the trees and out across the moor towards Dalton Gill. Here a group of nordic skiers from Swaledale Outdoor Club is just crossing the cattle grid (easy when it's full of snow).
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- NZ1007, 6 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- Andy Waddington (find more nearby)
- Date Taken
- Saturday, 9 January, 2010 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Saturday, 9 January, 2010
- Category
- Ski touring (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
NZ 1023 0772 [10m precision]
WGS84: 54:27.8852N 1:50.6211W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
NZ 1022 0<<Explore our Empowerment
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got!
–Albert Einstein
SINA combines: freesponsibility, self-organization, upcycling, gamification, social entrepreneurship with youth empowerment
.
Social entrepreneurs are not content just to give a fish or teach how to fish. They will not rest until they have revolutionized the fishing industry.
- Muhammad Yunus
Flooring from Plastic Bags and Egg Shells, Sex-Education-Via-Mobile or Plastic Bottle Housing are just some of our startupsDT Is Devoted To Documenting Significant Initiatives That Relate To Any And All Aspects Of Digital Textbooks, Most Notably Their Use In Higher Education
Saturday, April 28, 2012
Textbooks Will Go the Way of the Yellow Pages
When I was a kid, the Yellow Pages were prime real estate for local companies. Companies would choose names like Aaaaardvark Automotive in order to place themselves at the top of the alphabetical search. [snip]
Then came Google.
Suddenly the information was no longer isolated and then broadcasted, but multifaceted and social. For decades, the Yellow Pages vetted names and numbers through a process of reliability. Google was cheaper, faster and more relevant - if not more reliable. Suddenly an algorithm replaced the sacred yellow book, wrecking havoc on the order (in this case alphabetical order) and placing importance on validity.
Over time, social media emerged. Now businesses were available on Twitter and Facebook, through apps like Four Square and on viral videos. [snip]
It has me thinking about the textbook. Corporations are spending big money trying to redefine textbooks. The name change toward "curriculum" speaks volumes to this reality. Now it's a video or a blog or a set of supplemental materials. Or it's a push toward glossy iBooks.
I wonder, though, if the textbook is simply an educational Yellow Book, trying to reinvent itself as something relevant when the reality is that information has become more widespread, more user-created and more social than the days of the textbook.
I'm wondering if information has become more social, more user-generated, more widespread and more chaotic than the days of the standardized textbook. I'm wondering if the push to redefine the textbook is simply a final, desperate attempt to suggest that the textbook is more than a modernist relic in factory whose product is becoming increasingly irrelevant in an age of social media.
And here's the crazy part: the most relevant alternative is what was buried underneath the standardized factory. It's the idea that we should evaluate information from multiple sources and learn to think critically through both introspection and social interaction. [snip].
Source and Fulltext Available At
[]
These are basically short phrase loans that do
give you meet your fiscal issues inside a desired specific time period.
Contemplating time limitations these loans are specifically created above
an obligation free of charge platform. As such, these
are kept absolutely totally free from credential checksums.
Matters such as defaults, arrears, bankruptcy, CCJs and even IVAs are not considered right here.
Additional, there are also no collaterals associated with these loans.
There is minimal paper work essential on the component of
borrower. There are also no hidden or extra documentation or faxing essential here.
Applying for these loans is also pretty convenient. Many people merely call for
filling an on the net type and when this gets approved money is received inside 24 hours
time frame. These loans are in general supplied beneath convenient terms and circumstances.
The general basic applicant criteria right here is that
they should really be a UK resident and of 18 years of
age.
Look into my webpage ... globenex.comAHDB European Market Survey
14 May 2012
The cow market in the EU has remained firm so
far in 2012 and prices have moved up steadily
from July last year onwards, similarly to male
cattle prices (see EMS12/17).
AHDB European Market Survey - 11 May 2012
EU cow prices rising further
There has been
ongoing strong demand for cow beef, especially
for forequarter cuts, at a time when cow beef
supply has been tight. Declining supplies of
prime beef have also contributed to the firm cow
beef market. The cow beef forequarter market is
being driven by strong demand for mince, as
consumers trade down to cheaper cuts. Export
demand for cow beef from non-EU markets has
also remained firm.
The EU price for grade O3 cows reached a record high of €309 per 100 kg dw in the week ended 29 April, up nine per cent compared with the beginning of the year and 16 per cent more than at the end of April last year. Normally there is a seasonal rise in the New Year but, somewhat unusually, there was no seasonal fall last autumn.
France has a major bearing on
developments on the EU cow beef
market, being the largest producer,
consumer and importer. Demand has
remained firm and cow beef
production in the first quarter of 2012
was unchanged on a year earlier. The
O3 price rose nine per cent in the first
four months of 2012 and was 14 per
cent higher than at the end of April last year. The extent to which this is being driven by the strong demand
for forequarters is illustrated by the fact that the Rungis wholesale price for grade R at the end of April was
up 35 per cent year on year at the end of April, compared with a rise of 13 per cent in hindquarters.
Wholesale cow beef prices have also been firm in Germany so that the price for grade O3 cows at the end
of April was up 12 per cent compared with the beginning of January and 17 per cent compared with the end
of April last year. German cow slaughterings between January and April were unchanged on a year earlier.
The Netherlands is the fourth largest cow beef producer and also a major importer for its domestic processing industry. Prices there moved up by nine per cent in the first four months of 2012 and by the end of April were up 13 per cent on a year earlier. Price rises have been especially marked in the UK and the O3 price, in euro terms, at the end of April was up 10 per cent compared with the beginning of the year and 24 per cent more than at the end of April last year. The UK is a major exporter of cow beef and slaughterings in the first quarter of 2012 were down nine per cent on a year earlier while in Ireland, another significant exporting country, slaughterings in January to April 2012 were down two per cent with prices also firm.
Brazilian beef exports decline continues into 2012
Brazilian beef and veal exports continued to decline year on year in the first quarter of 2012. This is a result
of ongoing reductions in beef and veal production and stronger domestic demand relative to export demand.
Exporters have been experiencing some downturn in global demand in recent months, a situation not helped
by high Brazilian cattle prices and the strong real, even though it has eased back against the US dollar since
last July. Fresh and frozen shipments were down six per cent in the first three months of 2012 and export
prices in US dollars were unchanged.
Russia remained the most important destination for Brazilian beef despite a decline in shipments as the temporary ban on imports of animal products from three Brazilian states announced last June remains in place. Consequently shipments to Russia in the first quarter of 2012 were down 13 per cent on a year earlier. Shipments to Iran, the second largest market for Brazilian beef a year ago, were down 92 per cent as diplomatic relations between the two countries have become strained, leading to difficulties obtaining Iranian import licenses.
Egypt became the second largest destination for
Brazilian beef and veal overtaking Iran, Venezuela and
Hong Kong. Shipments were up by 240 per cent in the
first quarter due to a recovery in import demand. After a considerable decrease in the first quarter of 2011,
beef and veal exports to Hong Kong experienced a significant recovery in the first quarter of 2012, with
volumes 51 per cent higher than last year. Venezuela also experienced a significant increase year on year.
While still low in a historical context, shipments to the EU increased by 12 per cent, largely as a result of increased shipments to Italy. Trade with the EU continues to suffer from the low number of EU approved cattle farms; in early March the figure was 1,948 a situation exacerbated by lower EU demand. The Brazilian Association of Meat Export Industries (ABIEC) is expecting an increase in the number of farms approved to supply the EU during the course of this year, with a consequent increase in shipments.
For all the markets covered above shipments consisted almost entirely of frozen beef. Exports of fresh beef increased by nearly 50 per cent but still only accounted for 13 per cent of Brazilian exports. The main growth in chilled exports was to Chile with shipments more than trebling.
According to the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE), cattle slaughterings in 2011 were almost two per cent down on 2010 at 28.8 million head while beef production declined by three per cent to 6.8 million tonnes given a fall in carcase weights, a situation not helped by drought conditions in some parts of the country. Market reports indicate that production continued to fall in early 2012.Paint by Number
2150 Bouterse st Apt 201 Park Ridge, Illinois 60068(312) 799-0024
Print | Save | Directions
AboutPaint by Number is located at the address 2150 Bouterse st Apt 201 in Park Ridge, Illinois 60068. They can be contacted via phone at (312) 799-0024 for pricing, hours and directions.
Paint by Number has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Paint by Number view the map to the right. For reviews of Paint by Number see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (312) 799-0024
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 110000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsWell here I am again letting you what’s new in the world of interior design. People always ask me, “What are the new colors for 2013?” Well here’s what we saw at the Home Furnishing Show in Las Vegas. Lots and lots of bright orange in accessories, bedding and upholstery fabrics everywhere you looked. I saw lime green and spa/ocean blue in every furniture line and bright pink poking its head up in lots of fun ways.
In other words, its color, color everywhere! Forget about beige — soft grey is moving in with a touch of yellow. Bring your color wheel out and pick your favorite. Use it liberally with gusto!
The other thing that I saw in every line was “reclaimed wood”. Instead of the highly polished cherry wood dining table, pull up a chair to a more casual, rustic reclaimed wood table. Many lines showed this last year, but this time Every manufacturer showed something in reclaimed wood. This year they added painted surfaces, hand scraped to look old and unearthed from an old barn. It’s a look not everyone will warm up to, but if you want to be hip in 2013, that IS the wood of choice!
Be watching to see what’s new in accessories…
Save and clean-finish vented cuffs.
Stitch Logo is your One-Stop-Shop for Uniforms, Apparel, Embroidery, Screen-printing, Promotional Products, Made in USA ApparelThe Afghanistan Karzai administration will collapse after the withdrawal of our troops.
Special UN war tribunals against genocide should be installed for what we call forgotten wars and conflicts, such as Darfur anmd Sudan.
14 Popular Persuasive Speech Topics on Current Public Speaking Themes
Raising the pays of chief executive officers in bad economic times are unacceptable and should be forbidden.
Patients with anorexia nervosa should be required to get palliative care.
Television soaps are responsible for the increasing number of breast implants today.
Capitalism has caused the financial crisis.
The private live of Tiger Woods – or another celebrity – should remain private.
Bank account holders can be better protected than they are now.
The positive effects of the growing number of seniors in cyberspace.
The media coverage of the swine flu epidemic is often over dramatized.
Reduce by half the proportion of people who suffer from hunger like the United Nations advocates, is possible.
Skinny models in fashion media and advertising are setting a bad example for teenagers.
Everyone should have access to healthcare services.
Feminism could help improve the position of females in Africa.
Dangers of having a credit card debt when you are a high school student.
Identity theft is one of the fastest growing crimes.
10 Best Popular Persuasive Speech Topics on Environmental Issues
Global warming demands more joined global action than Kopenhagen did.
Encourage livestock owners to adopt sustainable grazing systems.
Environmental damage of energy consumption force us to use energy alternatives.
Mankind is responsible for the large loss of biodiversity in nature.
Avoid using plastic bags! Convince them to go green by grouping all undesirable repercussions for Mother Nature..Description
Installed on over 70 million devices in over 235 countries,APUS is the smallest, fastest, and simplest user system on the market APUS form Lava 3G 402?
- Check the Android version to verify compatibility of APUS with Lava 3G 402.
Find Android version: go to "Settings" - "About the phone" - "Android version". Make sure APUS is compatible with Lava 3G 402.
- Click the download button to download APUS in Lava 3G 402.
- Once the download and installation are complete, find APUS in your home screen and tap the icon to open it.
Related apps to Lava 3G 402
LINE LauncherDownload
Nova LauncherDownload
PES 2015 WallpapersDownload
Photo Keypad Lock ScreenDownload
Cover Lock Screen (beta)Download
Super LockerDownload
Joker Face Lock ScreenDownload
Teddy Bear KeyboardDownload
Koi Free Live WallpaperDownload
Locker Master- DIY Lock ScreenDownload
The Monsters ThemeDownload
Fire Equipments Screen lockDownload
GO SMS Pro Emoji PluginDownload
CYANOGEN GO Launcher EX ThemeDownload
Monster Zipper Lock ScreenD 3G 402
- SARATH ROCKNice
- AnonymousAmazing App brilliant...... Jakaszz😉
- Abdul RehmanSuperWonderful
- Shashin ShasVery nice app. Could you add drawer setting , drawer sorting.
- Aabhas VermaVery amazing launcher i have used
- Olabode DreamOne of the very launchers around. Simple, detailed and user friendly. I love it. Kudos guys.
- AnonymousSmall FolderLenovo
- Ramesh BhovarCHETANARamesh G BHOVAR
- Anonymousdownload more themes ..and i hope it will make more fun .. now that i updated it ..😘😘😘
- AnonymousNaes
- Manas NighrunkarVery good app
- AnonymousAPUS LauncherIt's very very good end the best
- Siddhant ShandilyaAmazing
- Jeff NicBest of the next
- AnonymousOohho
- Ritam SenguptaAwesomeDo you think it still have any point to describe?!?! 😂😂
- PAPY MABIENGUAVery good and speed...
- Mukesh kr GoswamiGood
- AnonymousV niceFine
-Very incredible love it..
- Sai Saran OgotiIts feautures are good
- ukanwa robert chemazuReinventing the internet worldCreating a vista in the app exploits
- Niranjan PoreTry it...!
- AnonymousPerfect
- Princess OtooI think everything is good
- AnonymousSorry Nothing for now just trying it.
- AnonymousGood
- AnonymousIts so perfect
-!!!!!
- Richard TaiwoLaunched Papua menu disappeared by itself
- AnonymousNiceI'm loving it very perfect
- Pratham SarawagiNice
- sudhir kumarIt is very goodIt’s a wonderful surprise!”
ATLANTA, GA – After informing Thursday that it didn’t care about it, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has happily announced that “it’s Friday, I’m in love!”
“I don’t care if Monday’s blue, Tuesday’s gray and Wednesday too,” Director of the CDC Brenda Fitzgerald had read from a carefully prepared statement at today’s press conference before making the euphoric proclamation.
“To further clarify,” Fitzgerald continued among camera flashes and a hushed murmur among the media, “Monday you can fall apart. Tuesday, Wednesday break my heart. Thursday don’t even start.” Fitzgerald paused dramatically before taking off her glasses and started smiling ear to ear. “It’s Friday, I’m in love!”
The CDC has politely asked if Saturday could wait, while issuing a stern warning to Sunday that it always comes too late. Fitzgerald made no comment in regards to this upcoming influenza season, but really couldn’t stop gushing about this day of the week.
“But Friday, never hesitate,” Fitzgerald closed before skipping away from the podium without fielding any questions.
In other news, cardiologists nervously await for a rumored Tuesday, Wednesday heart attack.
Show CommentsBy Neal Morton
Caption
SAN ANTONIO — Each time the Spurs win during the NBA playoffs, CST Brands Inc. rakes in the dough.
For seven years, the locally based company, formerly the retail arm of Valero Energy Corp., has offered a free cup of coffee at its more than 150 convenience stores in the area the morning after a Spurs playoff victory.
In 2007, more than 200,000 fans took advantage of the promotion. But last year, when the Spurs made the Finals, CST gave away more than 1 million cups of its private-label brew.
Despite the giveaways, the promotion is lucrative for CST — customers seeking free coffee often buy kolaches, cigarettes and more while they're in the stores.
The deal also is exclusive. Indeed, Spurs Sports & Entertainment sought to protect its partnership with Valero by trying to talk Taco Cabana out of a similar offer a year ago.
“The situation wasn't a real big deal,” said Lawrence Payne, an executive vice president who handles corporate sponsorships for SS&E. “We agreed to disagree a little bit.”
Taco Cabana, also based in San Antonio, has had its own sponsorship with the Spurs since 1990 and even operates a restaurant at the AT&T Center.
Still, its history with the Silver & Black didn't stop Payne from calling Todd Coerver, chief operating officer of Taco Cabana, when he found out the popular Mexican eatery offered customers a free breakfast taco the day after a Spurs win.
“It's really extreme cases where we would want to formally go after anybody,” Payne said. “That's kind of the last resort.”
While SS&E never sent Taco Cabana a formal cease-and-desist letter, Coerver said the team's representatives made it clear they wanted the promotion to end.
The fast-casual restaurant chain estimated it gave away nearly 20,000 breakfast tacos over the course of three days during the Finals last year.
SS&E “asked us, out of respect for their promotional sponsorship opportunity with Valero, if we would kindly not participate or reconsider our” free taco campaign, Coerver said.
Taco Cabana, however, plans to once again offer free, post-victory tacos if the Spurs make the Finals this year.
This isn't the first time Taco Cabana irked a professional sports franchise.
In all of its Texas and Oklahoma markets, the company runs similar promotions when a city's team in any sport wins a national championship or makes it to the finals. Taco Cabana launched the program four years ago, during the Texas Rangers' first World Series.
However, the Rangers sent Taco Cabana a cease-and-desist letter, according to an October 2010 post on the restaurant chain's Facebook page. Taco Cabana got around the formal complaint with some clever wording.
“We just turned around and created unofficial names for the (team's) following,” Coerver said. “We'd post something like, 'The boys in North Texas are taking the field tonight,' or 'If the home boys win. ... '
“It wasn't about a formal sponsorship. It was about being fans ourselves and sharing that support.”
And like CST, the post-game celebration drives more customers and bigger purchases to Taco Cabana locations when it offers a free taco.
“No one takes a trip to Taco Cabana and gets just one taco,” Coerver said. “They'll add a coffee or juice and get a couple more (tacos) for coworkers. It's worth our while and just keeps the brand front and center in peoples mind.”
At CST, executives said the breakfast crowd already provides its convenience stores with 80 percent of their daily business. But on days after the Spurs win, morning traffic increases at least 20 percent.
Currently, SS&E and Valero are hammering out the details of an extension to the energy company's long-standing sponsorship of the Spurs.
Part of that agreement includes exclusive rights to offer post-win coffee, a privilege that Valero extended to CST after its spinoff last year.
Hal Adams, senior vice president and chief marketing officer for CST, said the company receives calls months in advance of the playoffs to confirm Corner Stores will continue to provide the free coffee.
While he and a Valero spokesman would not discuss the Taco Cabana incident, Adams said CST “absolutely” considers other free-food promotions as a threat.
“We've done a good job in seeding this to the community, and we want to be the place where people come to celebrate victories during the playoffs,” he said.
For now, Taco Cabana continues its promotion.
But Payne made it clear that doesn't represent a green light for other retailers hoping to cash in on the Spurs.
“Taco Cabana has been a long-standing partner,” he said. “Technically, they were in the rules, and so we let it go with that.
“We've invested a lot in our brand, and we've invested a lot in our whole team,” Payne said. “Just because people think they're participating in that — their hearts might be in the right place — but there are rules and regulations and instances where we have to ask them to stop.”
However, Seth Chandler, a professor at the University of Houston Law Center, questioned the legal merits behind SS&E's stance. He doubted whether the team could stop any retailer from offering something for free after a victory.
“The outcome of a sports game is just a fact,” Chandler said. “It's no different if Taco Cabana offered free tacos when the temperature goes over 100 degrees.”
“To simply put into text, 'We will give you a free taco if the Spurs win,' that's not infringing on any trademark that I can think of or any intellectual property.”
While Chandler also acknowledged a Spurs sponsor such as Taco Cabana might not want to anger the team's management company, he also wondered why a free-food campaign would upset SS&E.
“Honestly, why wouldn't they just be happy that people are coming together to support the Spurs?” Chandler asked.
nmorton@express-news.net
nmorton@express-news.net
Business writer
©January 20, 2017. Remember that date. In fact, you might as well put it on your calendar. It is going to be one of those dates we in the U.S. look back on decades later and say, "That was the day everything changed." What is so special about January 20?
This is the date that is supposed to be President Obama'a last day in office. I say "supposed to" because there are quite a few right-wing conspiracy theorists out there who have been telling us for several years that President Obama is a "tyrant" who will never willingly leave office. And when the sun sets on January 20, 2017 with President Obama still in office, in control of the military, and refusing to leave, they will be proven correct...or not.
If this reminds you of another recent prediction that didn't quite work out, you are not alone. If I was the betting sort, I'd bet that there will be a peaceful exchange of power on January 20. President Obama will move on to do whatever is next for him, and his replacement will assume the responsibilities of office. I'd further bet that we won't hear a peep from the conspiracy theorists when they are proven wrong once again.
But don't worry, the conspiracy theorists aren't going anywhere. We love our conspiracy theories so much that it never seems to matter how many are proven false along the way. We keep churning them out. The stranger the better. Just as there will be yet another religious "prophet" predicting the next end of the world, there will be more conspiracy theories from the political right and left predicting all sorts of nonsense.
Are conspiracy theories like this just harmless fun or should they be cause for concern? Should those of us who are skeptics bother to respond to such theories, or would we be better served by ignoring them? Is there a danger that some might be so distracted by these bizarre conspiracy theories that they will be less attentive to real conspiracies that desperately need attention?Overview
This Plan is a study of how environmental hormones affect the human endocrine system, and how they function as a synthetic estrogen or anti-androgen. It includes a review paper on the history and effects of BPA on human health and a research article based on including a self-designed laboratory experiment on how BPA alters the estrogenic activity in breast cancer cells. The Plan concludes with an exam on biochemistry.
Excerpts
The term “environmental hormone” was first used in May 1997 by Japanese scientists. These compounds are presumed to be a cause of hypogonadism, abnormality, growth impairment and cancer in humans, as well as harmful to ecosystems. In the United States, 73 chemicals are identified as environmental hormones. For example di2ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP), one of the toxic chemicals used in the manufacturing of plastics, is strictly prohibited in children’s toys and child care products in the United States and Europe Union. There are certain consequences of using plastics that risk human health and environments. Therefore, further investigation of “environmental hormones” is necessary, and consumers need to exercise more caution on using plastic that may have possible hormonal effects.
My results indicated that water samples from commercial plastic bottles, under high temperature, developed cell growth of MCF7 human breast cancer cells, and that the replacements for BPA may be as potent as BPA in mimicking E2. The uncertain origin of the estrogenlike chemical in the water samples pose risk to human health. Although further research is necessary, caution is needed in using plastic material packages under high temperature.
Science is an ongoing process of inquiry. My BPA research is a perfect example of science. During my studies there has been research that supports my thesis, but at the same time I discovered articles that disagree. Science is taking these contradictory facts and questioning them with the scientific method. Any collection of facts we have are used in a process of inquiry to further understand the unexplained. Because of controversies, a collection of facts loses its accuracy and makes the truth hard to differentiate. An ongoing process of inquiry results in deeper and more detailed facts, as well as new questions which lead to new areas of science. Because there are so many unexplored and unexplained parts, science needs this questioning to further its investigations. As our knowledge expands, our awareness of unknown parts of the natural world also expands.
Plan Media
For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
Here are the
instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
nitelily graphics - for all your graphic design needs
Welcome to my new shop!
I have pre-made banners and avatars but also have custom options available. I can also make business cards, reserved listing images, sale images, invitations and anything else that you may need!
Feel free to contact me if you would be interested in something and I'd be happy to begin working on your project together!
Show lessThe Originals Sneak Peek 2 for 2×13 “The Devil is Damned”!February 5, 2015
Hayley and Jackson talk about jumping the broom in The Originals 2×13 “The Devil is Damned” episode!
In The Originals sneak peek 2 for 2×13 “The Devil is Damned” Jackson explains jumping the broom which is why people are leaving brooms on their porch!
As whittles away, perhaps making a stake for Klaus, an amused Hayley comes and asks him why people are leaving brooms on the porch. Jackson seems to take great glee in explaining the age-old tradition of jumping the broom, an old marriage ceremony for when couples couldn’t wait for a preacher to come around so they could start their nuptials!
Guess Hayley didn’t see the movie “Jumping the Broom”! According to the movie, it was a Black tradition to jump over a ceremonial broom after the wedding ceremony. Going back a few centuries, it was also a custom associated with the Romani people of Wales, in the United Kingdom, for the wedding ceremony.
“The Devil is Damned” press release synopsis.
Sneak peek 2 for “The Devil is Damned”
Watch to see if Jackson and Hayley jump the broom when The Originals 2×13 “The Devil is Damned” airs...(Image: file photo)
Opera has confirmed that a hacker breached one of the company’s sync servers, potentially exposing passwords.
The Norway-based internet browser maker said in a blog post that it “quickly blocked” an attack on its systems earlier this week, but admitted that some data was compromised, including “some of our sync users’ passwords and account information,” such as login names.
But the company said it doesn’t know the full scope of what was compromised.
Opera said that it has reset all the Opera sync account passwords as a precaution.
At the time of the attack, more than 1.7 million active users last month used the feature, which which allow users to share website passwords across devices.
The company confirmed that passwords are hashed and salted — an industry standard practice to scramble passwords so that they are unusable — but didn’t provide specifics on how, leaving no clear indication if the passwords can be unscrambled by an attacker.
Opera staffer Tarquin Wilton-Jones, who wrote the blog post, said the company will “not divulge exactly how authentication passwords on our systems are prepared for storage,” as this would “only help a potential attacker.”
We sent Opera some questions but did not hear back at the time of writing. If that changes, we’ll update the piece.Xiamen Airlines launches direct Qingdao-Los Angeles flights
( Xinhua )
Updated: 2017-12-12
QINGDAO -- Xiamen Airlines, a subsidiary of China Southern Airlines, launched a direct service from Qingdao in East China's Shandong province to Los Angeles on Monday.
This is the first non-stop service linking the two cities and Xiamen Airlines' ninth intercontinental air route.
A 287-seat Boeing 787 will operate three round trip flights a week. The flights take about 11 hours 30 minutes each way.
The new service, in addition to an earlier route linking Qingdao with San Francisco, is expected to help boost trade and cultural exchanges between Shandong province and the United States, the company said.Workshop: Data Management (Mon. 04-10-2017 @ 10am)
Managing research data, for faculty, grad students, and researchers. (Approximately 90 minutes)
*Register for workshops here.
Research runs on data. Whether you’re giving out surveys, doing textual hermeneutics, working in the lab, or other research, you always produce data. To share your research and foster future research, it is often important to preserve and manage your data. This workshop will introduce basic concepts of data management and help attendees to form their own data management plans to ensure data is collected, maintained, and preserved at top scholarly standards.Lampada said that repeating and learning songs can help one to study a language, especially pronunciation. To show what kind of pronunciation one can learn, I give a link to a song, performed by an Irish tenor John McCormac.
YouTube - John McCormack - When Irish Eyes Are Smiling
Poems really help. I recorded an Irish poem and was told that I had only a light accent.
If someone wishes, I can put it here.Moosejaw Logic Inc
3641 W Phelps Rd Phoenix, Arizona 85053(602) 843-2307
Print | Save | Directions
AboutMoosejaw Logic Inc is located at the address 3641 W Phelps Rd in Phoenix, Arizona 85053. They can be contacted via phone at (602) 843-2307 for pricing, hours and directions.
Moosejaw Logic Inc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Moosejaw Logic Inc view the map to the right. For reviews of Moosejaw Logic Inc see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (602) 843-2307
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 97000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Business Ventures Global, LLC
P.O. Box 7656 Phoenix, Arizona 85011
Carter Rodrick PC
2600 N Central Ave Phoenix, Arizona 85004
Prime A.P.E
1015 W Hadley st Apt 107 107 Apt Phoenix, Arizona 85007
Solberg Justin
5102 E Piedmont Rd Phoenix, Arizona 85044
PARODY ALBERT C
1105 E Van Buren St Phoenix, Arizona 85006
LLANTERA MIRANDA
2541 E Van Buren St Phoenix, Arizona 85008
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsI think maybe it's viewable now that Germany worked it out with You Tube for me. Thanks Germany, I always did love you. Sorry I was a little mean for a minute there yesterday.
So here's the story of the finished old cupboard! I've been busy trying to make movies which is super fun but extremely time consuming. My dance moves and outfit are seriously horrifying, but this was so much work I feel compelled to share it anyway... (please please go easy on me)! And spread the love... if you like it, post it and make fun of me when I'm not looking...??
Oh dear. I can't view this from my own blog. Germany, you're making me crabby! I hope the rest of you can see it...
Posted by: TJ | November 11, 2010 at 10:42 PM
I saw it and it's awesome! Besides being highly entertained by your dance moves, the cupboard turned out AMAZING.
Posted by: Sarah | November 12, 2010 at 08:35 AM
I can see it here in the US and it is very entertaining and funny! If you are having trouble, try right-clicking on the video and you should see a menu come up that gives you the option to "watch on You tube". Sometimes I have to do that with embedded videos. I don't know if it's an Apple issue or what.
Posted by: Anne | November 12, 2010 at 02:37 PM
OMG that thing looks fantastic!! Looks like you had fun doing the work too :) And your outfit?? You should see my studio clothes... You look just fine! Well done!
Posted by: Kelly Thiel | November 12, 2010 at 06:52 PM
I love the dance moves, it's the best part of the video! :) Oh, it's so tempting to make one of these, I might have to consider it :)
Posted by: Veronika | November 12, 2010 at 07:27 PM
Dear TJ, i LOVE this video...it's awesome! Your cupboard looks beautiful and such a wonderful job well done! And im also loving those gorgeous handles. :) Have a lovely merry happy weekend and love to you!
Posted by: Jacqueline | November 13, 2010 at 11:26 AM
Great cupboard - worth all the hard work.
Posted by: Julie Stenning | November 20, 2010 at 10:47 AM
LOL! Love the video! Makes me want to attack some painting jobs here around the house too.
And you are right: some music makes some jobs much easier. And the dancing..... :-)
Posted by: Jacqueline | November 21, 2010 at 09:49 PM
i love it! the refinishing and the dancing and the movie making! you rock!!
Posted by: bakes | November 25, 2010 at 01:57 AM
Bummer... I can't see it either. Was looking forward to find out what happened with the cupboard. Do you have pictures? *beg*
I bet it looks awesome...
Posted by: Skytimes | December 17, 2010 at 07:42 PMWhether you need copy for an entire website, a press release with a quick turnaround, or have a multitude of product descriptions to write, I offer a range of copywriting services for your brand. Below is an outline of my most popular services, however copy comes in many shapes and sizes so do get in touch via the contact page to discuss any specific requests.
An effective website needs more than just a beautiful design; many clients are now realizing the importance of expertly crafted copy. I create web content that effectively communicates with your customer and captures your brand ethos. While SEO keywords are still important in web copy, it is now even more vital to focus on user experience. By understanding the journey through your site, I will craft copy that converts visitors into customers.
Product descriptions are too often left as an afterthought. More than just an informative paragraph, each description should be entirely unique and offer something more than just facts and figures. Instead, a customer reading a product description should already be envisaging themselves using or owning the product. I write product descriptions that engage the reader and create a dialogue around the item.
Engaging content is just as vital as design when it comes to brochures and your customer should always be at the forefront of your mind. While a brochure should serve as an informative sales tool, keeping your reader interested is most important. I will create brochure content that is immediately captivating and succinct, while naturally incorporating your brand tone of voice.
With editors and journalists receiving hundreds of press releases every week, how do you make yours stand out? I specialise in writing press releases that are compelling from the first word. Most journalists won’t read past the first sentence; a great press release should pique interest from the start, while conveying your brand message in a condensed format.
Articulating values, mission statements and ethos is the first step in proving your brand is both unique and relevant. Clients often find they know exactly what they want to say, but struggle to find the words to put down. I can effectively communicate this for you and create an engaging brand story, while unlocking your tone of voice and language. A successful brand story works as the starting block for press releases and web content.
It only takes one small typo for a reader to pick up on; the process of editing and proofreading is perhaps the most important and difficult task to undertake when writing copy. I am a stickler for grammar and punctuation, so you can be certain that every piece of text is perfectly polished.SON says manufacturers should work on quality of goods to improve economy| September 13, 2017 8:11 pm, Chemical Technology at the presentation of the Certificate of Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) to Polar Petrochemicals Limited in Ilorin, Kwara state capital on Wednesday, also urged Nigerians to patronize Made in Nigeria products, adding that such products could compete favourably with similar goods manufactured elsewhere in the world.
“I wish to call on the management to deliberately synergize with the distributors because experience has shown to us that adulteration, fake or any manner of tempering with the product is usually traced to improper monitoring and communication gap, therefore the need to be on the lookout,” said Aboloma
“By this certification given to Polar Petrochemicals – EP140, Rolam X HD50, HAZE 2T SAE 30, ALVA 5000 XP 20W/50 and Polar Supreme 29W/50, company’s name and products are already in the SON website and can be accessed all over the world.
“The certification has also licensed the company to market its products beyond the shores of this country. It is important to note that MANCAP Certification has its conditionalities which were clearly communicated in the award letter.
“However, the commitment shown by the management gives me confidence that polar Petrochemicals Limited with perseverance will not be found wanting.”
Also, Sunday Yashim, the SON Coordinator in Kwara State advised the company to always improve on its products and should not compromise quality of the products, saying: “Take note that lubricating sub sector is full of competition and adulteration, this is very rampart in Kwara State.
“You should guard against any form of adulteration of all your products to win the confidence of your customers”, Yashim added.
Responding, Tasiu Mustapha, the Chairman, Polar Petrochemicals Limited, that said he dreamt of coming up with a product or brand that would be of good quality and acceptable to the consuming public.
Mustapha, represented by Muhideen Babalola, Managing Director of Polar Petrochemicals Limited, described the presentation of the certificate as a huge success and call to do more for the country.
He said, “On behalf of myself and management of Polar Petrochemicals, I want to assure you that we shall ensure that the standard with which this company started with, shall be sustained to all stakeholders’ satisfaction.
“Polar Petrochemical is the first Lubricant Manufacturing and Marketing Company (Major/Independent) to be OHSAS 18001:2007 certified, this is the operational, Health and Safety Assessment Series Awards.
“The harvest of awards is the testimony of the brand quality and has positioned not only the product brands but the company in the global league of international recognised company”.
SIKIRAT SHEHU, IlorinSigourney Weaver blasts critics of sci-fi genre
- Bang Showbiz
- 3 March 2015
Sigourney Weaver
Oscar-nominated actress Sigourney Weaver doesn't think sci-fi films "get enough respect", but has predicted attitudes will change in the coming years
Sigourney Weaver doesn't think sci-fi films "get enough respect".
The 65-year-old actress - who is, perhaps, best known for playing Ellen Ripley in the 'Alien' franchise - has hit out at critics of the genre, but thinks attitude towards such films will change in the coming years.
Weaver, who stars in new movie 'Chappie', said: "It is a genre that I think doesn't get enough respect when you consider how many issues sci-fi brings up that we need to deal with."
Asked why the genre is so often overlooked for Academy Awards, she told Digital Spy: "I think part of it is the Academy is mostly people like me who are over a certain age and they're still probably looking for the more conventional movie.
"I think all that's going to change because some of the work being done in sci-fi is some of the most interesting, provocative work out there."
Meanwhile, Weaver and 'Chappie' director Neill Blomkamp are set to reunite for a new 'Alien' movie.
The director said the film will feel like the "genetic sibling of Aliens", meaning it will disregard 'Alien 3' and 'Alien: Resurrection' and will instead carry on from the James Cameron-directed 'Aliens'.
He explained: "I want this film to feel like it's literally the genetic sibling of Aliens. So it's Alien, Aliens, and then this movie."Decimal Degrees:
Latitude: 33.2209625
Longitude: -93.4412845
Share your comments and photos of Friendship Church, a Church 10:47 AMWe offer a wide variety of superior quality of Rebonded Mattress Foam. Equipped with advanced machinery in the production process, these are available in different foam density and thickness. Rebonded Mattress Foam is widely used in mattress, home furniture and also in some industrial purposes. These are extremely durable, soft and light weight. All our products are subjected to a strict check in quality parameter and we deliver industrial quality standard products. We are reasonable in pricing and committed in the delivery.
Product Code : 26./30/2002 12:51:45 .
6/20/2002 02:42:31 completed about three and a half years ago (a stern reminder that I should really get back to animating). Go buy the DVD in the Lost Film Fest Merchandise section.
6/18/2002 02:30:10 PM
We finally got the pictures and video online from the Summer Camp Slasher Birthday Bash at Camp Naked Terror. The mini-DV wanted more light than we could give it, but the video doesn’t look too bad. Go check it out here.
6/14/2002 01:58…
6/10/2002 06:13:40.
6/5/2002 05:42:22 PM
There are still a couple days left to check out the Lost Film Festival 7.0 in West Philly; it is certain to satisfy any uber-DIY anarchist film cravings you may have been having. I’ll be there tomorrow and Friday.
6/5/2002 01:55:31 PM
Happy Birthday, Mom!
Today I am learning how to use Corel KnockOut 1.5 (the new version is procreate KnockOut 2). It is my new favorite thing.
6/3/2002 10:11:49 trip that I promised is still in the works and will actually be up very soon. I still have some color-correction and coding to do.Whether new in business or seeing a stall in your growth, it’s something you need to have a handle on.
I read recently that 42% of businesses fail because there is no market for what they are selling. In other words, they aren’t solving a problem. They are pushing out a product or service that THEY think is awesome but which no one else cares about. Pretty pointless, right? If you’re having trouble finding customers for your product or service, you really need to take a good hard look at your target audience and what you are offering. Are you solving a problem? Are you fulfilling a need? Or is your business just a little bit darling and while people say they love the idea, when it comes to putting their money where their mouths are, it’s just not happening?
Okay, assuming you’ve cleared that hurdle and there IS a market for what you offer and you have found customers in the past, the question becomes how do you find more of them, so that you can grow?
Understand your Target Audience
When an author writes a novel, they do character sketches to get a handle on who the people are in the story. There are minute details in the sketch that the reader will never see, but which help the writer to visualize their characters, making them more three dimensional.
As a business owner, you can engage in the same thing. Figure out who your target client is:
- Where do they shop?
- Where do they hang out, online?
- What are some of their other interests that might feed into what you’re offering?
- What kind of issues are they facing?
- What problems do they have (that you could help solve)?
Provide the solution to your audience’s problem
Ultimately, your product or service must fulfill a need of some sort. But how will your target audience know that you are the one to answer that need? One easy way to deal with that is through content.
If you create shareable content regularly that provides valuable information that your target audience is searching for, you will connect with a lot more people than if you post pictures of kittens on Facebook. If you are already a subject matter expert in an area of interest to your target market, drop a veil or two and let them know a little of what you know! You’re not giving away the farm, but you are positioning yourself as the ‘go to’ business for dealing with the needs you are addressing.
Find ways to connect with your target audience
- Show up where they are—not in a creepy stalker way, but find opportunities to build relationships with the audience that you are trying to reach. For example, if you’re a yoga instructor and you want to set up your own studio because you feel that you would like to reach out to persons with autism, make sure that you connect yourself to societies, organizations and groups that deal with people with autism so that you can organically share the information you have on the benefits of yoga for people on the spectrum.
- Share with your existing network—If you already have a network of like minded business people, share what you’re doing with them. Give them updates on changes to your business or new products/services offered. They can help spread the word and may know people that they can refer to you. Make sure you acknowledge those referrals and assistance by reciprocating when you can! Team up with like minded businesses who do something different but attract a similar section of your target audience. You can share referrals and reciprocate easily in this kind of setup, while not ‘poaching’ business from one another.
- Become a networking maven—attend events, seminars, and workshops that relate to what you are offering. You never know who you might meet and what kind of business relationship you might be able to build. If you make even one connection every time you attend an event, you are doing something positive to build your customer list.
With practice and effort, networking, referrals and sharing of content will become second nature to you. It’s not about selling to everyone, in the hopes that something will eventually stick, like tossing spaghetti on the wall. It’s about narrowing your target audience enough to be able to find out where they hang out, so you can join them!NS9332 : House at Greenhill Farm
taken 8 years ago, near to Newton, South Lanarkshire, Great Britain
House at Greenhill Farm
Lochlyock Hill behind still with snow remaining from the big snowfall of winter 2009/10.
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- NS9332, 5 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- Gordon Brown (find more nearby)
- Date Taken
- Tuesday, 19 January, 2010 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Tuesday, 19 January, 2010
- Category
- Country house (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
NS 934 327 [100m precision]
WGS84: 55:34.6243N 3:41.5056W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
NS 9<<You’re Invited: Clairol Twitter Party TONIGHT 9PM (EST)
Join me (@AudreyMcClellan) and Vera Sweeney (@VeraSweeney) tomorrow night as we host a fabulously fun Twitter Party with Clairol and dish all about Natural Instincts and the benefits and beauty of their products!
To get you excited…:
Mom Generations will Tweet out a true/false question at 9:15, 9:30, 9:45 and 10pm (EST) on May 12, 2011. The Twitter follower to Tweet the correct answer closest to each giveaway time (9:15:00 PM for example) wins. Mom Generations will use Tweetgrid which extends the time to the exact second. Mom Generations will also announce the winner for each giveaway via Tweet including the winner’s Twitter handle name so all followers know.
Each winner will be sent a Twitter Direct Message from Mom Generations asking for their contact information to send them their prize. The winner will have 24 hours to respond to the direct message or the next person who answered correctly will be contacted. Clairol will provide the giveaways and each winner will receive their gift, please allow 2-3 weeks following the Twitter party for delivery. Offer is available for residents of the United States and Canada only, not limited to one winner per household. Must be 18 years or older to be participate in giveaway. For detail of our privacy policy, please visit.Health officials report 'widespread' flu in Kentucky
Other reports by TheDailyFarc
Recent News Articles
Discuss This Article
MOST POPULAR TheDailyFarc
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle release official engagement photos
North Korea vows to retaliate as US blames it for WannaCry cyberattack
VA House of Delegates Race now a Tie
Jeep Cherokee Gets Its Compass On
Islanders bid to be selected for Belmont Park arena
Sheriff offers grisly details to end speculation about woman killed by dogs
Watch Rihanna in the First 'Ocean's 8' Trailer
Gas prices drop in RI, Mass. just in time for holidays
2 anti-India rebels, woman killed during Kashmir fighting
John McCain tweets, "I'm feeling“I.
These are not training sessions but rather thought leadership gatherings. You can expect focus groups, panels, and other discussions. Topics will vary but all will relate to 21st-century educational technology. Examples include the following:
- mobile devices in the classroom
- measuring active-passive learning
- professional development
Blackboard staff on hand will be able to suggest customized solutions in real time to issues you may be having.
After our first Lunch ‘n Learn sessions, 93% of attendees surveyed said they would attend another in the future. And 100% found the opportunity to network with other districts valuable.
One attendee reported, “It was very interesting to hear from a teacher and student. These are the stakeholders and their opinions matter the most.”
We look forward to meeting you, learning from you, and sharing best practices with you at an upcoming Lunch ‘n Learn near you.
For more info: sarah.tomczyk@blackboard.com.Having your own property is something that every person desires of. Those, who live in rented apartments, will certainly understand the desire to have their own house or apartment. That is the reason; the real estate industry is constantly flourishing and will never be out of business.
Builders and small scale real estate businessmen, therefore, are continuously coming up with new projects and ideas for the potential buyers. These construction choices are many in number. The most common construction projects include –
- Residential apartments
- Bungalows and condos
- Commercial buildings
- Malls and shops.
Amongst these, the most popular constructions are the residential apartments. Everyone desires to have a personal property, but few can own a big house. However, apartments are way more affordable. That is the reason, why there is always a demand for residential apartments.
Builders construct residential apartments more:
Due to this increased demand of the residential apartments, the builders make these residential apartments more than any other type of construction. Besides, home loans are easily approved for the residential apartments. Hence, the buyers are keener to buy these over the other types of real estate options.
Profit associated with constructing residential apartments:
If you too are thinking of trying your luck in the real estate business and want to construct a residential building, this is an ideal time for that. However, before you do so, you must understand the factors that you should be taking care of.
Construction business is a very profitable one, provided you know how to proceed in it. If you take the right steps, you will be able to gain huge profits in a single go. If you take the wrong steps, you might not be able to sell your apartments easily to potential buyers.
- Hire the best construction equipment:
Construction equipment is one of the most important factors that you need to consider before starting your business. Without the construction equipment, you will not be able to complete the project fast and this will hinder your profit. To make sure that the profit is high, it is always a good idea to own the construction equipment. You can choose the second hand equipment for reducing the cost. There are many construction equipment dealers that deal in new or old construction equipment. If you have a limited budget, you can always start by hiring the equipment. The more you save on the construction equipment, the higher will be your profit margin for the residential apartments.
- Promotion:
Once you have started your residential apartment building project, proper promotion or advertisement is a must. The more you advertise, the higher are your chances of getting potential buyers easily and fast. Always make sure that you make use of the free online advertisement platforms and forums for this purpose. This will reduce the price of advertisement and increase your profit.
Along with these two important and basic factors, it is also important that you start the project in a well-developed or developing place, so that it is easier for you to sell the residential apartments for a profitable price.“ 
Think Pink! 8.32 oz Clear box filled with 3 chocolate foil wrapped Breast Cancer Awareness ribbons, 1 chocolate foil wrapped tennis shoe and 6.4 oz of Colorific Chocolate Bites. Mix and match chocolate flavors and foil colors for no additional charge. Colorific Chocolate Bites available in milk chocolate only. Coordinate ribbon to match corporate or theme colors. Price includes 4 color label on box. Production: 10 days Includes up to 4 color process imprint.
Size: 4"w x 4"h xLeona Helmsley's dog will continue living in luxurious conditions and than be buried alongside her in a posh mausoleum. But Helmsley's grandchildren got nothing.
Helmsley left her beloved white Maltese, named Trouble, a US$12 million (Ђ8.8$5 million (EUR3$3 million (EUR2.2 million) for the upkeep of her final resting place in Westchester County, where she is buried with her husband, Harry Helmsley.
She also left her chauffeur, Nicholas Celea, US$100,000 (EUR73,185).It is safe to say that you are considering ceasing smoking? Symptoms are not out of the ordinary when you quit smoking yet don't give that stand access your direction. The advantages of ceasing smoking exceed any reactions you may encounter by ten times. What's more, with the right quit smoking guide these impacts can be kept to a base.Quitting smoking hypnosis habit can be intensely challenging for some. Many attempt to quit and then fall back into the dangerous habit
The reactions you encounter from stopping smoking stem from both a physical dependence on nicotine and a mental reliance on the real demonstration of smoking. A portion of the reactions you may feel when you quit smoking are recorded underneath.
- Crabbiness
- Nervousness
- Trouble Concentrating
- Eagerness/Impatience
- Discouraged mind-set/misery
- Inconvenience resting impeded execution
- Expanded hankering
The rundown can be a bit of threatening yet don't give it a chance to dishearten you. The uplifting news is that most indications happen inside the initial 1-2 days, top inside the primary week, and die down inside 2-4 weeks. So you can see that the physical dependence on nicotine really passes rapidly. A hefty portion of these symptoms are because of a mental dependence on cigarette smoking.
Smoking has a method for meshing itself into each part of your life. Such a large number of things you do and put you run get to be connected with cigarette smoking. It turns out to be such a piece of your life that rationally it is difficult to relinquish.Decimal Degrees:
Latitude: 33.9681694
Longitude: -94.4557643
Share your comments and photos of Township of Buckhorn, a Civil-18 10:48 AMNew University officers bared
Beginning 2nd semester, AY 2017-18, Fr. Jerry M. Perocho, SVD, M.A. joins the USC Board of Trustees while Fr. Dennis B. Testado, SVD, M.B.A. is named Board of Trustee and USC Corporation secretary. Fr. Eleno P. Bucia, SVD, M.A., who is currently Knowledge and Technology Transfer Office (KTTO) Director, assumes a new position as Officer-in-Charge of the Office of External Relations, while two new department chairs were also appointed namely Brian John P. Sarno, Ph.D. (Chemistry) and Aure Flo A. Oraya, M.S. (Civil Engineering).
Fr. Perocho is a veterinarian by training before becoming an SVD missionary. Hailing from Agusan del Sur, he earned his Doctor of Veterinary Medicine from Davao Institute of Agriculture Foundation in Davao City. He also holds a Master in Public Administration from Father Urios University in Butuan City, a Master of Arts in Theology major in Pastoral Theology from the Divine Word School of Theology in Tagaytay City, a Master of Arts in Educational Leadership Management from De La Salle University in Manila, and a Master of Arts in School Guidance and Counseling from the Philippine Normal University in Manila. Fr. Perocho was ordained a priest on December 6, 2002.
Fr. Testado also has a string of degrees under his belt, graduating magna cum laude for both his A.B. in Theology and M.A. in Theology major in Mission Studies from the Divine Word Seminary in Tagaytay City. He also earned a Baccalaureate in Sacred Theology cum laude from the Pontifical Urbaniana University in Rome, as well as a Master in Business Administration from the Ateneo de Manila University Graduate School of Business in Rockwell, Makati.
Fr. Bucia, whose previous assignment was as Vice President for Administration, now runs the KTTO as well as the Office of External Relations.
Dr. Sarno assumes the chair of the Department of Chemistry after returning to the University. He used to be connected with the USC Water Resources Center and has bachelor degrees in Physics and Chemistry. He earned his Master of Science in Applied Chemistry and Chemical Engineering and Ph.D. in Material Science and Production Engineering from Kagoshima University in Japan. Oraya assumes the Civil Engineering post having earned his M.S. in Civil Engineering from USC.
The complete list of University officers can be downloaded here.
Tags: Announcement- 
La Zarza
Oliva de Mérida
Alange
The main attractions in this municipality in Badajoz are, without doubt, its thermal waters and large reservoir..Mazda Mazda CX-5
You're going to love the 2013 Mazda CX-5. With fewer than 50: 1-touch window functionality, a blind spot monitoring system, front bucket seats, turn signal indicator mirrors, an overhead console, rear wipers, and remote keyless entry. Mazda also prioritized safety and security with features such as: dual front impact airbags, head curtain airbags, traction control, brake assist, a panic alarm,.A Grimoldby man has been fined after failing to stop after causing damage to a wrought iron fence in a road traffic collision earlier this year.
Michael Law, 34, of Spitfire Avenue, pleaded guilty to failing to stop after causing an accident in Main Road, Utterby, on April 4.
It was deemed that, owing to the presence of his Peugeot 407, an accident occurred in which damage was caused to the wrought iron fence.
Law entered his guilty plea at Lincoln Magistrates’ Court on June 19.
His driving record was endorsed with five penalty points and he was fined £80, in addition to £40 in court costs and a £30 victim surcharge.
Law also admitted a charge of failing to report the accident within 24 hours, but he received no separate penalty.The Community Literacy Task Force and the Bartholomew County Public Library have an important similarity. Both encourage reading to promote literacy.
That’s important, and why it makes sense for them to join forces on an initiative that does just that. Together they are restarting the Book Express program.
The Book Express is a bus that goes into low-income areas of Columbus to give free books to preschool children. It also provides materials, ideas and activities that support parents in helping their children become better readers.
Each year Book Express made weekly visits to seven neighborhoods between April and October, distributing an average of 5,000 books annually. It also had made appearances at fairs and festivals, where children could receive free books.
Unfortunately, Book Express had been out of operation since August because of funding issues. That was unfortunate, because Book Express served a great purpose.
That’s why it is heartening to hear that the Community Literacy Task Force and the library have partnered to bring Back Book Express. It’s a valuable resource that is a great benefit to young children and the community.
Literacy is a foundational element to a good education. Efforts that promote literacy, such as Book Express, deserve support. The new partnership is a good fit for ensuring Book Express serves children and literacy efforts for years to come.Berkshireia University sports records may encourage student-athletes to apply via early decision. Students who are considering applying via early decision should be aware of the rules and obligations that this commitment entails. Beyond consideration for Berkshire Community College baseball recruiting, you may think about Portland Community College class notes for complementary electives to your primary course of Coach - Coaching Opportunities
Washoe County School District
Post by Jobing - Coach - Coaching Opportunities Galena High School Coaching - Positions - Job Number 2600019205.
1 day ago Football Assistant Coach/Co-Defensive Coordinator
Concordia University
This 12-month position reports to the Director of Athletics/Head Football Coach. Recruit athletes to football program in consultation with Admission Department.
3 days agoAfter my complaint about gamer ennui yesterday, I roused myself and got a lot done.
Here we see some starships and space marines getting a coat of spray paint. I finished the fighters and made some additional progress on the space marines.
Once my starfighters were done, I wanted to see them in action so I played out a scenario (detailed below).
I also started thinking about my long delayed Francesia project. I suck so much at painting that I have dragged my feet on painting the 15mm figures I bought earlier this year. I've been toying with the idea of using a smaller scale (such as the 10mm Risk figures). As I pondered, I decided to check out this range of 3mm figures. I have been aware and interested in them for some while. When I saw that they have a sample pack, I decided to try them out by ordering a pack.
Finally, I played Ticket to Ride with my wife and brother-in-law last night and secured a victory!I tell you, he will give justice to them speedily. Nevertheless, when the Son of Man comes, will he find faith on earth?
Luke 18:8
Jesus told a story about a very persistent widow who kept bringing her pleas for justice to a self-centered judge. Although the judge had no truly righteous character, yet he worked to resolve justice for the widow just to rid himself of the constant pleas she made before him. His motives were still self-centered, but the outcome was justice, more because of the widow's persistence than for any other reason.
The point of the parable is that persistence in our requests before God is important. It is a type of faith. Jesus goes on to say that if such persistence gains justice in a corrupt system, how much more should we believe and be convinced in confidence that a perfectly holy God will rightly grant our requests when we ask of Him by faith? God will "give justice to his elect who cry to him day and night." God will not "delay long over them." God loves His people and those whose faith leads them to passionate, persistent prayer will find His answers more than available. He will abundantly answer.
There is however a haunting commentary from Jesus that echoes in my heart two thousand years distant from His original words. "Nevertheless, when the Son of Man comes, will he find faith on earth?" And that questions presses in on me uncomfortably. In a daring age of human technology connecting us instantaneously to a vast reservoir of human sourced information, we may be tempted to take our problems first to Google, or to simply press a button and ask Siri. But Christians trust Jesus. He has our eternal souls in His care... it makes sense that faith leads us to ask of Him for justice and grace in our daily lives as well. But will He find that faith in us?What We Can Do For You: Improve Teamwork
Pumping The Colors
This high-energy, highly engaging simulation helps participants increase awareness of how teams work, see clearly how their own behavior helps or hinders teamwork, gives participants a model for determining what type of team structure is best for them and provides a safe forum for teams to assess their strengths and weaknesses. Extremely energizing for new teams! Rejuvenating for existing teams! Most importantly, it helps leaders see the crucial importance of learning effective communication skills.
The one-day session includes three simulated days (one hour each) during which the team (or teams) design and build a tri-color fluid delivery system. Between simulated days participants are guided through structured team analysis sessions that help them examine their team process. Simulated day three is followed by individual and group evaluation of the simulation.
Team Development
One or two days. Appropriate for all levels. Best results are achieved with in-tact teams. Using the simulation Pumping The Colors, workshops are offered that help teams understand the nature of teams, the skills needed for teams to be effective, and what kinds of decisions that teams need to make. The simulation is a compelling, hands-on experiential process that drives home the most important ideas of working in teams.
Team Building
Facilitation of sessions with the purpose of increasing the effectiveness of a team. Pre-work includes role clarification and contract development with the team leader. Includes data gathering (formal or informal), data synthesis and consolidation, establishment of ground rules, feedback of data, goal setting, instruction of problem solving methodologies if needed, application of problem solving and planning to meet the team's goals.
Bafa Bafa: An Intercultural Simulation
Bafa Bafa, an intercultural simulation,.
Bafa Bafa is applicable to work assignments to other countries, improving effectiveness among diverse cultures within an organization (racial, ethnic, gender, etc.), achieving collaboration among varying corporate cultures (resulting from acquisitions or mergers), or among differing work cultures (i.e. technical, sales, manufacturing, etc.).Even though I have a pretty good method of needle felting similar shaped limbs, every now and then I attach the arms/legs on my felted project in such a way that they appear unsymmetrical. This problem happened in the chipmunk that I was working on this past week.
The chipmunk’s arms were a perfect looking pair, until I needle felted them onto his body. Then, unfortunately, the chipmunk had one monstrously long arm and one scrawny one. I had placed one farther up its back than the other one. What to do?
Well, I know scissors are somewhat forbidden in the needle felting world, but I grabbed out my best pair and chopped the monstrously long arm off to a similar length.
Now, I had a flat little nub of an arm. I had to do something else. Well, this is an easy fix people. You don’t want the cut end exposed, it is a weakness in your felting project and let’s face it, pretty unsightly as well. Simply grab a matching colored tuft of wool and felt it carefully onto the injured arm/leg or whatever. Make sure you spread the fibers out a bit, so that you don’t create a weird seam.
I rounded out the edges of his paw, being that the other one was rounded a little. Once, the shape was matched again, the arms were symmetrical in thickness and length!
Finally, I could work on the fun part–adding a face and the “tell tale” chipmunk stripes on its back. I think the chipmunk turned out pretty well, and the good thing about needle felting is that, with patience and dedication, in the end mistakes are invisible!
What are the do’s and don’ts of needle felting? I am self taught because there is no one in my area to teach me. Everything I have learned has been through kits and tutorials on line. I can’t seem to find anything that describes what makes a piece well made. Any thoughts?
I am self taught as well. And it can be tricky determining if your finished piece is as polished as can be. The rule I stick to for many of my felting projects is that the piece should be dense enough to maintain its shape when squeezed between two fingers. Once that density is achieved, I size down needles and try to get as many strays into place. Hope that helps and good luck!
You mean “telltale”, not “tell tell” 🙂 love the site!
I never knew it was “telltale” before. I had to google it to see what you what you were talking about! Thanks a bunch.
We'd like to take this opportunity to announce we are accepting orders for CPR Volume 2 starting today. CPR Volume 2 features twelve artists, including Glass Hammer, Eric Parker, Neal Morse, Dave Bainbridge, and many more. CPR Volume 2 boasts Glass Hammer's previously unreleased remake of "Heroes and Dragons," as well as Eric Parker's "Under The Sun" featuring Fred Schendel and Susie Bogdanowicz.
Now Shipping - CPR Volume 2
The Mayor Of Longview Speaks!
Moderators: MayorOfLongview, FredProgGH
Post Reply
1 post • Page 1 of 1
- MayorOfLongview
- Hammerhead
- Posts: 2273
- Joined: Wed Dec 04, 2002 10:08 am
Now Shipping - CPR Volume 2
I don't like country music, but I don't mean to denigrate those who do. And for the people who like country music, denigrate means 'put down.'- Bob Newhart
Post Reply
1 post • Page 1 of 1As I was waiting for basement workmen to come to the house, a lady in an SUV came driving by. "Have you seen a dog running loose?"
"No, what does he look like?"
"Brown with a white face," then tentatively, hesitantly, tearfully, "He kind of looks like a pit bull....??" She's in tears, "He's our baby!"
"I have lots of pittie friends, no worries!!! I've worked with the bullies before. Let me get my guys in here to work, and I'll help you look for him." I even tell the Spousal Unit to keep an eye out for a lost dog. The lady gives me her name and number. She's shaking and in tears; her kid is manfully holding back his tears. About 20 minutes later, she drives by. "We found him!! He was just down the street!" Thank goD! I felt kind of good that I wasn't one of the Freak Outs when I heard the words "Pit Bull...."You may want to search:
ZJM customized low power linux distro for lighting Audio/Vedio and Led wall applications
US $800-1500 / Set
1 Set (Min. Order)
ZJM customized power distros for festival,trade show and special event
US $1000-1600 / Set
1 Set (Min. Order)
American type power distro with 18 output
US $288-688 / Piece
2 Pieces (Min. Order)
china alibaba custom-made cee form wateproof stackable distro box, made in china south african use portable distribution board
US $140-220 / Piece
5 Pieces (Min. Order)
electrical power supply distro controller box 12 channel
US $176-750 / Carton
1 Carton (Min. Order)
PVC plastic recessed flush mounted 8 way Distro power circuit breaker distribution box
US $1.2-2 / Piece
10 Pieces (Min. Order)
Distro boxes 30 amp power distribution box outokumpu stainless ab
US $5-80 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
8 way flush mount distribution box 8 way distro power distribution box 8 way distribution panel box
US $2.45-9.5 / Piece
1000 Pieces (Min. Order)
China supplier Electrical Power Box/electric distro board
US $1-100 / Set
1 Set (Min. Order)
socapex power distro for audio lighting system
US $998-1896 / Piece
2 Pieces (Min. Order)
ZJM customized event power distro incorporated with leakage prevention device
US $1000-1600 / Set
1 Set (Min. Order)
Stainless steel enclosures manufacturer instrumentation enclosures distro box
US $5-80 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
8 way distro power distribution box panel boxbox
US $2.45-9.5 / Piece
1000 Pieces (Min. Order)
CE 8 Way Outdoor Waterproof electrical board distro panel
US $1-100 / Set
1 Set (Min. Order)
ZJM customized powercon distro for lighting Audio/Vedio and Led wall applications
US $1000-1600 / Set
1 Set (Min. Order)
single phase power distro with plastic plug
US $165-316 / Piece
2 Pieces (Min. Order)
Dual 18650 battery tube mods Steelvape Sanctuary box mod wholesale price selling distro
US $21-25 / Piece
5 Pieces (Min. Order)
Fashion mens soft cotton tshirts customized logo wool t-shirt clothes clothing distro
US $3.1-4.9 / Piece
3 Pieces (Min. Order)
Wholesale American Flag Fanny Pack Waist Bag Distro
US $1.5-2.5 / Piece
1000 Pieces (Min. Order)
PIMP distro and clothing company
40 Cartons (Min. Order)
High precision power distros
US $30-50 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
KAOS DISTRO wholesale CHEAP 25.000 / Pcs
/ Dozen
10 Dozens (Min. Order)
Good Quality distro hamer usa/american power cord
US $0.5-1 / Unit
1 Unit (Min. Order)
kaos bicara
1 Piece (Min. Order)
KIDS DISTRO T-SHIRT
US $5-7
1 Dozen (Min. Order)
T-shirt Kids
US $11.22-11.22 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
3 angel
US $8.0-10.96 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
metal diy distro boxes distribution box cover DS-AT-0811
US $1-5 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
Metal enclosure distro boxes tuf box
US $8-200 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
Metal bond Abrasive grinding disc
US $0.9-4.5 / Piece
10 Pieces (Min. Order)
Original Product Mahogany Seeds- Indonesian Sky Fruit-Xiang Tian Guo
US $15-25 / Kilogram
1 Kilogram (Min. Order)
20 years experience 3/8" power distro feeder cable
US $1-50 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
light weight insulating material rubber distribution box power distribution box equipment
US $0.392-8.353 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Kaos Couple
1 Set (Min. Order)
2016 NEW DESIGN patio outdoor furniture garden distro rectangle cast aluminium dining table
US $129-199 / Set
150 Sets (Min. Order)
China market electrical db box distro box septic d box
US $1-10 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
Distro men hat
US $1.2-1.3 / Piece
60 Perches (Min. Order)
- About product and suppliers:
Alibaba.com offers 284 distro products. About 56% of these are power distribution equipment, 7% are t-shirts, and 5% are electronic & instrument enclosures. A wide variety of distro options are available to you, such as free samples. There are 233 distro suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying countries are China (Mainland), Indonesia, and South Korea, which supply 96%, 3%, and 1% of distro respectively. Distro products are most popular in North America, Southeast Asia, distro or other products of your own company? Display your Products FREE now!Dorothy F. Bodine, of Lumberton, passed away suddenly on Saturday, August 26, 2017 at Samaritan Hospice at Virtua in Mount Holly. She was 62. She was born in Wurzburg, Germany; the daughter of the late William and Margaret Cheeseman. Dorothy... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send Flowers to the family of Dorothy.Send FlowersDell Inc. unveiled four low-cost computer models Wednesday designed for China, India and other emerging economies in a new bid to tap the potential of high-growth markets outside the United States.
The two notebook and two desktop PCs are the first Dell models designed especially for emerging markets, said Steve Felice, the U.S. computer maker's president for the Asia-Pacific. They are meant for small business users and are to be sold in 20 countries across Asia, Africa and Latin America.
Strong sales in Asia helped Dell turn in better-than-expected results in the first quarter despite a slowing U.S. economy. It is due to report its latest quarterly results Friday, and analysts are watching whether it can maintain its growth pace.
"Our success is going to be largely dependent on our ability to expand globally," Felice said in an interview.
Dell and rivals Hewlett-Packard Co., Taiwan-based Acer Inc. and China's Lenovo Group are expanding aggressively in emerging economies as sales growth in the United States and other developed markets slows.
Dell's first-quarter sales in China, India, Russia and Brazil - markets known collectively as BRIC - grew by 58 percent, about 10 times the U.S. rate, Felice said. He said Dell expects 20-30 percent annual growth in those markets in coming years.
Prices for the new Vestro notebooks will start at 3,299 yuan (US$475) and for the desktop PCs at 2,999 yuan (US$440), according to Felice.
Dell, based in Round Rock, Texas, broke with its usual development and marketing strategy for its latest products, he said.
"We used to design products for global requirements and distribute the same product globally," he said. "In this situation, we started with talking to emerging country customers, designing a product for emerging countries, and our initial launch of the product is only in emerging countries. That's a big departure in our strategy."
The move reflects a growing focus by global computer, automobile, consumer goods and other companies on creating products for increasingly prosperous customers in China, India and other emerging economies.
Beijing-based Lenovo, which acquired the IBM Corp. PC unit in 2005, is targeting China's vast but poor rural market with a basic PC released last year and priced as low as 1,499 yuan (US$220).
According to Felice, industry forecasts say China's computer sales should grow from 50 million units last year to 500 million by 2015, or double that year's projected U.S. sales.
The new Dell models were created by a Shanghai design center set up to focus on emerging markets, Felice said.
"This is the first major introduction," he said. "We will now move on a cycle where we refresh and add to the product line over time."
Dell built its U.S. business with Internet- and phone-based direct sales but has added retail distribution in China and elsewhere to reach more buyers.
In China, its computers are sold in 2,700 outlets of the Gome and Suning electronics store chains, which Felice said account for about half of Dell's Chinese sales. He said Dell has a total of about 13,000 retail outlets worldwide.
"These economies are growing so fast that we don't want to miss out on the opportunity," Felice said. "But if we just use the direct model, it might take too long to get there."
Dell is trying to expand its presence in China outside Beijing, Shanghai and other big eastern cities and sees 50 percent of potential sales in small, inland cities, Felice said.
"We're getting out there as fast as weIndonesia - August Burns Red
This plane's going down in flames, and this
time there's no black box to capture your last
words. A situation we can't make any sense
of. Sacrifice costs all of us everything. This
is the time to turn down our heads and turn
up our hearts. There's no scale to balance
this out. Some say may those who curse
days, curse this day. How does a man wrap
his mind around eternity, when he can't even
explain his own composition? Don't you see
it's bigger than you? He sleeps in the moun-
tains of Indonesia, and the white on his flag
brings colors to shame. The earth will swal-
low the water. The clouds refill the oceans.
Old mountains will crumble, and stronger
ones will rise. This is the portrait of the
humble and broken. This plane crashed down
in flames with a man who lived, who died, to
better this world. David, rest in peace.- Door Handles
- Door Handles On Backplate
- M.Marcus Kensington Satin.
- Brushed (satin) chrome finish, and also available in polished17.71 £16.80£9.07 £26.40£24.92 £29.40£24.86Government allows farmers to use old 500 rupee notes to buy seeds
New Delhi, Nov 21: Ministry of Finance has rolled out new guidelines aimed at giving relief to farmers left stranded due to the demonetisation policy.
In a series of posts, the finance ministry said: “To further support farmers for the current Rabi crop, the government has decided to allow farmers to purchase seeds with old Rs 500 notes.”
“Farmers can purchase seeds from centres, units, outlets of central/state govternments, PSUs, National/State Seeds Corp on producing proof of identity.”
“This is in addition to the decision taken earlier for making cash available with the farmers by permitting them to draw up to Rs 25,000 per week from their KYC compliant accounts subject to the normal loan limits and conditions apart from the other facilities announced on 17.11.2016.”$ 5.50
English pattern by Madelenon. Includes step-by-step pictures.
I’m glad to introduce you to Maia in her smallest version, but, as she seems so lonely I decided to make her a friend! I think they look cute together.
Little Maia’s size is 13 cm / 5.1" and Lucy the swan 7 cm / 2.7" tall, but they can be made bigger or smaller according to the material you use and the hook you choose.
If you have any problem with the pattern please let me know! It’s a pleasure for me to help you.
I wrote this pattern in the simplest way. You can crochet in the traditional way (closing every round with slip stitch) or in spiral.
Stitches used: chain, magic ring, single crochet, increase, (invisible) decrease, crochet into a ring, half double crochet, slip stitch
Measurement: 13 cm / 5.1" and 7 cm / 2.7"
This pattern is for personal use. Please do not distribute, reproduce, share or sell this pattern. You may sell finished items made with this pattern, though only in small quantities, provided you credit the original designer. Wholesale is not allowed.What if I told you I had family members named Itchy, Frec, Pig and Swampwater? You would think I was lying. Understandably. I know Hubs thought I was telling a tall tale. But Hubs is a SoCal native and people here don’t have names like that. So before Hubs and I were married, I felt it was important to take him to a family reunion in Mississippi. That way he could meet the above mentioned kinfolk and, more importantly, have a vague idea of what it meant to marry someone whose family is from the South.
In an effort to gently ease my soon-to-be Hubs in true Southern culture, we first stopped in New Orleans. I can already hear the gasps from my Southern kinfolk. Mississippi and New Orleans have little in common outside of a neighboring border. Mississippi is the Bible belt where there is no drinking on Sundays and New Orleans has Mardi Gras and allows you to drink while walking down the street. Southern cuisine and Cajun-Creole cuisine are also quite different. If this soup were Southern it’d have collard greens and chicken, but it’s an ode to cajun-creole cooking instead with the Andouille sausage and cajun spice.
It rains a lot in the south and that hot summer day we were in N’awlins was no different. Buckets of rain dumped from the sky when soon-to-be Hubs and I ducked into a romantic little bar for some drinks and hot soup. So when I went to lunch this week at Urban Solace with some friends and we set outside in their French Quarter-esque patio, I couldn’t help but think of that day. When the rain arrived that evening it was only inevitable I make a creole-style soup.
The seasoning in this soup is similar to my Spicy Chicken Noodle Soup I made in February, it’s got a sinus-draining kick. I swapped out rotisserie chicken for pre-cooked chicken Andouille sausage and spinach for kale. I added the carrots and potatoes from this weeks CSA basket. The mint garnish was sheer accident as I had chopped both cilantro and mint. One was to garnish soup the other to add to a drink. I accidentally put the mint in the soup and it was actually better than the cilantro. The mint garnish really mellowed the spice. It was a great accident.
And what did soon-to-be-Hubs do when he actually met my cousin Swampwater? Well, that is a post for another day…
Spicy Kale and Chicken Andouille Soup
1 lb Chicken Andouille Sausage (pre-ccoked) and sliced thin
1 Bunch Kale, stems removed, greens chopped
1 yellow onion chopped
6 small red potatoes, diced 1/4 inch thick
1 small bunch carrots, peeled and diced
1/4 C. chopped fresh cilantro
2 Quarts Chicken Stock (I prefer stock in a box vs broth in a can)
1/2 Bottle of beer (not wheat based or dark)
1 Tbl. Olive Oil
2 bay leaves
1 Tbl. Emeril’s Essence
2 Tbl. Majestic Garlic Cayenne (optional, see previous post for purchasing info, or substitute 2 minced garlic cloves and 1/2 tsp cayenne pepper)
Salt and Pepper to taste
Fresh chopped mint for garnish (about 1/4 cup)
In a dutch oven or large soup pot over medium heat, saute onions in olive oil and salt and pepper for 2 minutes. Add andouille, diced potatoes and carrots and the cayenne garlic. Saute for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add 1 Tbl. Emeril’s Essence seasoning and saute another minute. Add half a bottle of beer to deglaze the pan, scraping up any bits on the bottom. Add the chicken stock, bay leaves, cilantro and chopped kale. Bring to a boil and reduce heat immediately to low and cover.
Simmer on low for 30 minutes or until potatoes are fork-tender. Serve in bowls with chopped mint as garnish.By John Gruber
Shaker & Spoon: A monthly cocktail box delivering original recipes plus all you need to make them!
Reminds me of Shaun Inman — a designer who turns himself into a very successful web app developer not as part of a plan, but as an unexpected result of building something very cool.
★ Monday, 19 March 2007Thanks for visiting Antique Roadshow Auctions. Please remember to bookmark this page Brooch Fibula. If you found what your looking for, then don"t forget to click an appreciation button above for this post.
See More About: Primitive Grungy Art Halloween Superb Celtic
Wire Fibula Brooch
Didn"t find what your looking for? Search our real time inventory below...
Brooch Fibula
Here is a list of other products on Antique Roadshow Auctions, come check these out:
See More About: Wood Carved Double Bit Bronze Amulet
Other Items People View After These Listings AboutR. Kelly actually had an expert testify about the mole on his back:
R. Kelly‘s.
Ugh. There are many things I didn’t need to know about R. Kelly, and I certainly didn’t need to know, nor could I have cared less, that Kelly has a mole on his back.
He could’ve had the bloody thing removed in his doctor’s office sometime over the past six years this trial has been delayed.
In addition to Kelly claiming he’s not the guy, the defense is also claiming the girl is not the girl:
Shonna Edwards, 27, said she was formerly in a singing group with her cousin, who prosecutors allege is the underage girl in the tape. The group toured throughout Europe in the late 1990s, she said.
“Was the female in the [sex] tape your cousin?” asked defense lawyer Ed Genson.
“No, she definitely wasn’t her,” Edwards said.
Similar words from an uncle later on.
On the other hand, the fiance of the prosecution’s star witness reportedly wanted $300,000 to keep her quiet:
Jack Palladino — a private investigator best known for being hired by Bill Clinton to track down women he’d been linked with — testified Thursday that the fiance of the prosecution’s star witness wanted a $300,000 payoff to keep the witness quiet.
The star witness, Lisa Van Allen, testified Monday that she had engaged in threesomes with R. Kelly and the underage girl who allegedly appears in a sex tape with the singer.
So, R. Kelly’s not the guy, the girl is not the girl, but Lisa Van Allen might have kept quiet about the whole thing for a few bucks? Everyone’s bending over backwards to drag each other further into the mud.
Mr. Kelly may be innocent — and he is, right now, innocent until proven guilty. But we need to remember what this is really about: the awful reality that an underage girl may have been horribly violated. If she was, we don’t need another sexual predator driving around the south suburbs of Chicago looking for his next conquest.TORONTO — First Chicago Corp. and Wood Gundy Inc. said Monday that they ended their agreement to form a partnership amid questions about the health of the Canadian investment firm following the October stock market crash.
First Chicago said its First National Bank of Chicago subsidiary ended by mutual agreement a $205-million deal signed last June to buy a 35% interest in Wood Gundy, one of Canada's largest securities firms.
But Toronto-based Wood Gundy said it still plans to create a partnership of some kind and is talking with several major Canadian and international institutions.
"We concluded that it just wasn't possible to proceed in a practical manner with a First Chicago affiliation," Wood Gundy Vice Chairman Ed King said.
￼Rocco is an Australian rock/pop/electro singer/songwriting who collaborates with guitarist/ keyboards/programmer Chris Collins.
The two have been writing and recording since 2008.
Early in his career, Rocco was signed to a local production company at age 15 for artist development and did showcases at various Sydney venues.
At age 19, Rocco won the Kyle & Jackie O’s Hot 30 Teen Star Competition (TodayFM radio station) as a member of the duo called Gemini. In 2001 Gemini was signed to Warner Music for a single release and toured nationally as a support act to Human Nature, Bardot and Shakaya.
Chris Collins past credits include Lead Guitarist for Mantissa 1992-1995. Mantissa released 2 albums, an EP and performed 220 shows in nine months touring America. The band was support act for Red Hot Chilli Peppers (Australian Tour) and Pantera (Australian Tour).
Rocco’s first single release “Thunder” was recorded in Sydney and produced by Rocco and A&R by Matt O’Connor.
“Thunder” was released in 2012. “Thunder” has recently been remixed by Aria Award Winner DJ/producer Ivan Gough, to be released through clubs with a promotional Music Video in 2013. Rocco and his band are performing live at various venues and continue to do so to promote their music.
Saw used to Cut the boards for Classic Legacy Jewelry Display
About Catherine Tatum
I am the owner and designer of Classic Legacy custom gifts. I serve retailers, museums, hotels, and resorts by making ordinary gifts extraordinary. It is our goal to help you make YOUR business stand out and get noticed! If you need to contact me I’m available at catherine@classiclegacy.comWent to the Singapore Art Museum with yower today as part of the after prelims celebration haha.
Ok I actually just came up with that a few seconds ago so no it does not actually exist.
Took photos after quite a long time heh quite happy.
First place we walked into was this cathedral. Tried to take a few photos but they turned out quite sucky and yow kept saying "You must capture it's beauty!"
This is the best I can do hahahha.
Then we went into some President's Talents thingy which was quite creepy cos it was really dark and weird music was playing. Imagine our shock when we saw this:
Does it not look like a torture chamber?? Needless to say we panicked and tried to get out asap HAHHA.
And and do you see me somewhere in there heh heh.
This is quite apt now bc whoever's reading this might be a stranger.
Then then! (wow I sound super excited hahah) We went outdoors to take some photos. And yow kept making me stand there to pose for her also but she took so long to take one photo so I had to stand there like an idiot while people walked past. Hmph.
Yower stood there and started protesting "but I don't know how to pose!"
Hahha I told her to "just act like a model" so she stood there and laughed and did awkward hand gestures but I guess the photos turned out okay because they were kinda candid and I like candid shots heh :-)
Ultra violet light. Guess what colour the string is? (We overheard the answer from someone giving a tour to a group of children)
And here's yow trying to file a missing item report.Giving medical treatments to a parent:
A. Removing a splinter from a parent:[1]
It is forbidden to remove a splinter from a father [or mother] due to that one may come to cause him a wound.
B. Amputation and bloodletting:[2]
It is forbidden for a doctor to amputate the limb of one’s father [or mother] or to cut him to perform bloodletting, even though he intends to do so for healing purposes.[3] This however only applies if there is another doctor available to perform the procedure. If however there is no one else available and the parent is in pain [or danger] then he may blood let him and amputate him according to that which the parent allows.[4]
[4] Rama ibid; Rambam Mamarim 5; Ramban
Other opinions: Some Poskim rule it is forbidden to do the above procedures even if no one else is available. [Rif and Rosh; Shulchan Gavoa in accordance to Michaber ibid]
[5] This follows the same law as slapping five with any other person, as there is no wound being created in the process and the Michaber ibid states that hitting a parent without release of blood retains the same prohibition as applies towards any person. Now, since slapping five with another person involves his consent it is therefore not considered hitting at all, the same way that taking someone’s money with consent is not considered stealing at all. It is the consent that makes a difference between whether the act is stealing or charity, and whether the act is hitting or playfulness. Now, although it is forbidden to hit another Jew even with his consent, or to cause it pain [Admur Nizkei Haguf 4; Rivash 484] nonetheless slapping five does not cause one pain at all, or any damage, and is hence not considered within the category of a hit. Hitting is defined as doing an act which is either painful, or damaging to another person. If however it is neither painful nor damaging then it is not considered a hit at all.
[7] This follows the same allowance as stated above, that an action that is neither painful nor damaging is permitted, and on the contrary, here the action is helpful to the body.Greater Bank Online Banking offers its customers the convenience of banking from the comfort of their homes, offices or even on the go. This service is free, easy to use and accessible anytime, anywhere as long as there is internet access. A customer can view account balances, pay bills, set account alerts and much more with this service. Any customer with an account in the bank can consider the guide below to enroll, login and reset forgotten password.
FORGOTTEN PASSWORD/LOG ID?
Online banking customers can reset forgotten Greater Bank online banking password through steps shown below:
Step 1 – In login page, please click Forgot your password
Step 2 – Enter your Username, Date of Birth and email address then click Continue
Once the details you have submitted are approved and you be allowed to set a new password.
HOW TO ENROLL
All Greater Bank customers with a checking or savings account are eligible to enroll in personal online banking service. If you want to register, kindly visit the nearest bank branch office near you or simply contact the bank customer representatives at 1300-651-400. Once you provide the required details and are verified, your account will be set up. The bank will notify you and provide you with first-time login credentials.
MANAGE GREATER BANK ONLINE ACCOUNT
Greater Bank online banking users are allowed to:
- Pays bills online
- Transfer funds between accounts
- View account balances
- Access transaction history
- Make loan payments
- Set account alerts
- Schedule transfers or payments
Holiday Schedule for 2017 & 2018
These are the federal holidays of which the Federal Reserve Bank is closed.
Greater Bank and other financial institutes are closed on the same holidays.ATLANTA, Sept. 15 (UPI)–Police in Atlanta said they arrested rapper Gucci Mane for disorderly conduct, possession of marijuana and carrying a gun.
The rapper was arrested early Saturday morning after a man flagged down officers because he was concerned about the way Mane, whose real name is Radric Davis, was acting, CNN reported Sunday.
Mane, 33, became “increasingly agitated,” police said, adding that he cursed and threatened the officers.
Police arrested Mane and discovered he was carrying a small amount of marijuana and a handgun. Mane is a convicted felon, so he’s not allowed to carry weapons, CNN said.
Mane was arrested in march for allegedly hitting a soldier in the head with a champagne bottle during a bar fight. He pleaded not guilty in May to the assault charge.
He was also arrested in 2010 for traffic violations, which were dismissed for want of prosecution. Murder charges against Mane for allegedly shooting a man to death were dropped in 2005 because of insufficient evidence.
Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page.Damascus (Web Desk) Militants operating in Syria have surrendered in an area in the country’s southwest under a deal with the government enabling their evacuation to the northwestern Idlib Province. The militants began leaving Beit Jin Village on Friday, Reuters reported. It cited a “field officer” as saying that once …Read More »
news_pictures »
Employees of Imam Ali shrine commemorate martyrdom of Sayyida Fatima Masumeh
Employees of Imam Ali shrine commemorate martyrdom of Sayyida Fatima Masumeh.Read More »
BARCLAYS EXPECTS $1.3 BILLION WRITE-DOWN FROM US TAX REFORM
LONDON (Web Desk) Barclays expects to take a write-down of about 1 billion pounds on its annual post-tax profit as a result of the US tax overhaul, the bank said in a statement on Wednesday.The British lender will also see its common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, a key measure …Read More »
ISHAQ DAR MEETS EX-PM NAWAZ IN LONDON
LONDON (Web Desk) Former finance minister Ishaq Dar, who is in London owing to his medical treatment,met former prime minister Nawaz Sharif at his residence in London.The former minister met the former premier at his residence in London and the meeting continued for one hour.Sources said that the country’s political …Read More »
Iran Not the First Side to Exit JCPOA: President
TEHRAN (Web Desk) Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reaffirmed the country’s commitment to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), saying Tehran will not be the first side to withdraw from the nuclear agreement. Iran will not be the initial violator of the JCPOA, the nuclear agreement with the Group 5+1 (Russia, …Read More »
N. Korea threatens Australia with ‘disaster’ for engagement in US ‘war preparations’
Pyongyang (Web Desk) …Read More »
Putin heads to Turkey for talks on weapons deal, Syria
Moscow (Web Desk) R …Read More »
In Pictures: Lahore Blast Ferozpur Road
In Pictures: Lahore Blast Ferozpur RoadRead More »
Life returns to Thar after heavy spells of rain
HANIF SAMOON The arid desert of Thar has so far received three spells of moderate to heavy rainfalls, bringing some relief to the rain-deprived desert. Many locals who were forced to migrate due to the long drought have started returning to their homes after rain in Nangarparkar, Mithi, Islamkot and …Read More »Oh, and I say "it" referring to the dog up to this point because I knew Daisy as a cute, MALE Shepherd mix until my parents picked her up and she was definitely not a boy. Needless to say, I was terrified that after she was assumed to be a boy dog and at an overcrowded shelter that she might be pregnant - thankfully, she was actually already fixed.
Daisy is sweet, pretty quiet and likes to be by your side or sleeping on the sofa. She's yet to jump up on the bed. She sits for her food, though when overly excited (meal time or meeting new people), she does jump up. We're working on that. Aside from needing to get over some awful sneezing after getting out of the shelter, she's been in great health and, oh, is housebroken too.
The only real flaw I've been able to root up is that Daisy doesn't seem to photograph well though. She's predominantly tan and does not have as much dark coloring as a Shepherd might. It might be this that affects it, but she comes off looking older in her photos. She's only about 2 to 2 1/2 years old.
She's just reached that point in her life where she's lost that "puppy hyper energy" and, unlike Jack and Finn, it is very obvious Daisy had a loving family at some point. Jack lost an eye and was terrified of people, especially men, and he had to build himself up to sleep in "comfy" spots (for the longest time, he'd just lay down on the hardwood floor, instead of the bed I had for him, as if that was what he was used to. Finn was so skinny, isn't housebroken, possibly has a long untreated allergy problem and didn't even know to sit when I said it, tried to push his butt down or use a treat for the behavior. Daisy wants to be with people, she's housebroken, she's fixed, she fit right into my family when we took her in to foster her and she jumps right up on a sofa.
I'm not sure what's been more moving and heart-wrenching - to watch dogs like Jack & Finn get used to love, comfort and happiness or a dog like Daisy who came into my house with almost a visual sigh of relief that she was back somewhere comfortable & safe.
Puddle Jumping
I realise that this post is way overdue but I’ve finally made the time to sit down and write up my news.
Back in April/May, I had a few phone/video calls with some of the guys working in the Internet Explorer product group out in Redmond about a role opening up on the team. Having worked on IE from afar previously, I had already seen at first hand the renewed enthusiasm for the browser within Microsoft and the enormity of working on a product that spans different versions of Windows and is in use by literally hundreds of millions of people every day. It’s also a product that is closely watched outside Microsoft, that engenders much debate and something that seemingly every developer has a view about. All in all, it’s an exciting place to work and when I was offered a spot on the team I jumped at the opportunity.
Of course, there’s the small issue of moving 5000 miles around the world from rural Staffordshire to Seattle. I have to admit it, I’m a hoarder. I collect things, apparently. So after living in my house for more than 13 years I’d collected a lot of stuff, most of which I didn’t really need. This was a good time (but also an exhausting one) to go through everything and dispose of the things I could live without and so after weeks of this, almost being on first name terms with the attendants at the local tip, I found myself living in a much emptier house.
Fortunately, the speed of my move was gated by the wait time for an appointment at the US Embassy in London to apply for my visa to allow me to work in the US. Besides purging my house, I used the time to visit with friends and family that I wouldn’t get to see so much now. In some ways it was difficult to leave them behind but with the technology we have today it’s easy to stay in touch.
In early July, I headed off to London for my visa interview and a week later my passport was returned complete with documentation to allow me to live and work in the US for Microsoft for at least the next 3 years. One week after that, the removal guys were packing up my remaining belongings, loading them into a 20’ shipping container, and I was on my way.
I should say something about my old team, the UK Application Development Consulting team. I spent a little over 4 years working in this team and, while I might be a little biased, I am confident that you won’t meet a more technical, more grounded, higher skilled development consulting group anywhere. It was an honour and a privilege to be invited to be a member of the team and I’m immensely proud to have played my small part.
Moving half way around the world to work in a different country in a different environment doing a different job is an experience few people get. I’ll try to share some of those experiences through this blog while still throwing in some technical observations, no doubt with an increasing slant towards Internet Explorer.May 09, 2016 Judith Rubin Business, Events, Headlines, Museums, News, North America, Uncategorized 0
The new strategic plan of the American Alliance of Museums (AAM) emphasizes the financial sustainability of museums, promoting diversity, equity, accessibility and inclusion in all aspects of museum structure and programming and expanding the role of museums in the US education system.
Goals of the plan, announced May 2, include expanding thought leadership to inspire and influence innovation in the field and fostering a global exchange of museum practice, and placing greater emphasis on developing the next generation of museum leadership and strengthening museum governance through support for trustees. According to AAM, the plan builds upon a strong foundation of recent success including a nearly 70 percent increase in museum membership in the Alliance and a reemphasis on boosting and celebrating excellence in the field.
“This new plan focuses the Alliance on goals that advance our mission to champion museums and nurture excellence in partnership with our members and allies,” said Laura L. Lott, AAM president and CEO. “Our vision is a world informed and enriched by thriving museums. We will emphasize topics our members strongly believe are vital to the future viability, relevance and sustainability of museums.”
Alliance board member Dr. John Wetenhall, director of The George Washington University Museum and the Textile Museum, led the board’s working group to develop the plan over the past 18 months. During that process, the board and staff gathered input from more than 500 AAM members and non-members via 30 formal listening sessions. “Having helped to craft both the previous and the new AAM strategic plans, I am pleased that the Alliance is focusing outward,” said Wetenhall. “Our last plan helped AAM strengthen its programs to support more museums during the post-recession era; this new plan promotes relevance and inclusion for even broader impact in the next five years.”
Kaywin Feldman, Alliance board chair since 2014 and the Duncan and Nivin MacMillan Director and President of the Minneapolis Institute of Art, pushed to ensure that the plan would include bold new goals. “Although the Alliance made great strides over the past five years, this is not the time to rest on our laurels,” Feldman said. “The museum field must tackle many difficult challenges, and the Alliance is leading the way because we’re stronger together.”
Since 2006 AAM has worked to serve the museum community in such areas as standards, information sharing and advocacy. More information about AAM’s 2016-2020 Strategic Plan is available at aam-us.org/strategicplan.
Related stories from InPark Magazine:
Issue 61- Museums and Expanding Markets
Museums: All In The Attractions Family
Two Southern California Museum Executives Appointed to AAM Accreditation Commission
American Alliance of Museums Promotes Laura Lott to President and CEO
Feelings + Financials: Museums generate capital for their communities, and they need to start saying soThe impact of teachers’ communication skills on teaching: reflections of pre-service teachers on their communication strengths and weaknesses. Teacher's corner of how effective communication the speech communication association has published a collection of essays concerning gta supervision. Free essay: (miller, 2003 & roffey, 2002 as cited by porter, 2008) there are different strategies teachers can use to maintain effective communication. 1 communication skills for teaching anna maria pessoa de carvalho physics research and teaching laboratory, university of são paulo what role do teachers play when.
Communication of essay a teacher role do you need to indent the first paragraph of an essay noah communication role a of essay teacher december 14, 2017 @ 9:47 pm. My grandma essay in marathi research paper on menopause benjamin tax on with most specific characteristics of essay research parent communication teacher paper. Parent papers communication teacher research quotes to use in scholarship essays ursula gauthier essay writing noah communication teacher parent papers research. Parent teacher relationships essays: over 180,000 parent teacher relationships essays, parent teacher relationships term papers, parent teacher relationships research.
Of essay communication role teacher a short essay on different types of pollution questions and answers james: december 5, 2017 all is not lost. Teaching is easier when regular and effective parent teacher communication exists building relationships with parents is a key aspect of teaching. Abstract—effective classroom teaching is more often than none, aided by effective classroom communication of the teachers or instructors.
Parent-teacher communication research shows that children do better in school when parents talk often with teachers and become involved in the school. Essay on nonverbal communication in classroom but and consequently interferes in the communication between teacher and student photographin addition. Essays - largest database of quality sample essays and research papers on parent teacher communication.
Essay writing for my teacher benjamin tobias angert dissertation writing focal length of lenses lab conclusion essay, ign call of duty advanced warfare comparison. The importance of communication in teaching education essay print reinforce your communication skills once the student steps toward the teacher. Addiction to social networking sites research paper teacher on essay communication historylink org essays output file benjamin columbia mba essays number.
Language empowerment such that how can a person teach without good communication skills if a teacher gets up in front in noel bennett's essay halo of the. Read this essay on communication in the classroom come browse our large digital warehouse of free sample essays get the knowledge you need in order to pass your. Markedbyteacherscom coursework, essay & homework assistance including assignments fully marked by teachers and peers get the best results here. Free teacher-student relationships papers, essays, and research papers.
Communication skills 2 pages 408 words february 2015 saved essays save your essays here so you can locate them quickly topics in this paper. How can a teacher communicate effectively and meaningfully with families from diverse cultures with the every so rapidly increasing population of. Communication is an important facet of life communication skills are essential in all spheres of life be it an interview or dealing with the project leader or. Read this essay on parent teacher communication come browse our large digital warehouse of free sample essays get the knowledge you need in order to pass your.Working with Maureen Boyle in my memoir workshop has been an amazing experience. Maureen has a heart of gold, and has so many tips for new writers trying to expand their knowledge in their careers. By teaching memoir, Maureen has opened my eyes to a new perspective on my own life and past encounters.
In this workshop, we have to reflect on certain experiences within our lives or other’s lives in a creative aspect. Memoir falls under the creative non-fiction category, and has much more creative leeway than chronological biographies. By taking this workshop with Maureen I am now able to portray my life in a more exciting and intriguing way to my audience.
AdvertisementsIsrael News
Hi-Tech
TRENDING STORIES
Middle East
American Politics
Premium
Edition française
Blogs
Green Israel
ALGIERS - Muammar Gaddafi's son Mutassim is hiding in a hospital in his father's hometown of Sirte, a military spokesman for Libya's interim rulers told a television channel on Monday.."Forces with Libya's interim government, the National Transition Council (NTC), have been fighting to capture Sirte from Gaddafi supporters.
By REUTERS
By JPOST.COM STAFF
Sponsored Content
By REUTERS
Please insert a valid email address- Service & Staff
- Date & Time
- Your Details
- Confirm
- Finished
Categories
Select a service
- Obamacare? Relax...
We make Healthcare enrollment easy and fast. To get started, sign up here. Please indicate whether you want a phone or office appointment, in the notes section.
- Just Need to Ask a Question?
SHORT PHONE APPOINTMENT Questions About Obamacare and Medicare? Home or Auto Insurance? Long Term Care Options or Life Insurance? Let's talk!
- Free Medicare Tune-Up
New to Medicare, shopping for a better rate, or just wanting to know where you stand? We can help! IN-OFFICE APPOINTMENTS ONLY.
- NEW: Home & Auto
Let's take a look at your existing homeowner's and auto insurance to see if we can improve your coverage or rates. We can work at my office, in your home, by phone or email. Just indicate what works best for you in the notes section.
Business Information
Recent reviews
Thanks Sue Carney and Tom!
Amy Korth - Jan 15, 2018
Your cheerful assistance with my medicare sign up and supplement selection process is much appreciated. You even took my basket of insurance brochures for recycling. Now that's service!
Medicare and supplemental Insurance
Ellie & Denis Murray - Jan 14, 2018
We received excellent help from Sue Carney during our meeting to sign up for Medicare and supplemental insurance. We would and have recommended Sue to our friends.
Medicare Supplemental Review
Karen Nollenberger - Jan 10, 2018
Sue was knowledgeable, personable and efficient....a great working relationship. Appointment was easy to secure and pre-appointment reminders were helpful.
Great honest agent
Gillian Gifford - Dec 14, 2017
Sue was very helpful for us, and advised us that our private insurance was a better option than buying off the market place.
Review of Sue Carney for Insurance
Victoria Law - Dec 11, 2017
Sue is always the best. She is very knowledgeable and patient and got me the best coverage for my situation.This is an original Columbia House record club edition of the 1986 LP: METALLICA - MASTER OF PUPPETS (Asylum / Elektra / E160439).
Record appears to be in excellent condition.
Cover looks great with only light wear / stress - no split seams - no writing.
Manufactured by Columbia House Under License printed on back cover at bottom right.
Original inner sleeve with photos / lyrics - no tears / writing - will also ship in a new white inner sleeve.
No reserve.
Multiple LP's = shipping discount
US: 3.50 for first LP / 1.00 for each additional LP
CANADA: 15.50 for first LP / 3.00 for each additional LP
INTERNATIONAL: 22.50 for first LP / 8.00 for each additional LP
(Up to 6 LP's).The HCFO program ended in December 2016.
This site will no longer be updated, and some elements may not appear correctly.
Health Savings Accounts, High Deductible Policies, and the Uninsured: Simulating the Effects of HSA Tax Policy
The researchers explored how Health Savings Accounts (HSA) and various tax-based health insurance proposals impact the uninsured population. They also simulated how tax deduction and credit policies for non-group insurance affect the employment-based group market. Through an innovative approach, the model considered employer choice and individual preferences in the face of the risk of uncertain medical expenditures. The behavior of three important consumer groups was examined: (1) the currently uninsured who do not have access to group coverage; (2) the currently uninsured who have access to group coverage but choose to be uninsured; and (3) the currently insured group in group coverage. The researchers modeled a variety of policy changes and assessed the value to each consumer group and the likelihood of changing from the status quo. The objective of this project was to inform policymakers about the impact of HSAs and various tax-based health insurance proposals on the uninsured and group market.
Grant Publications
Research Topics
Search Grants & GranteesGiles Martin recalls his dad and The Beatles 50 years after Sgt Pepper's release
Giles Martin was handed the near impossible task of remixing one of the greatest albums of all time – Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. He tells Joe Nerssessian about it
A QUITE remarkable feat was achieved on the first day of this month, 50 years after the release of Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. The album – in all its innovative glory – was o[...]The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is looking for your opinion. To comply with Section 1109 of the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act of 2013 (Pub. L. 113-2), FEMA issued a proposed rule in today’s Federal Register, to review and revise the individual assistance factors that FEMA uses to measure the severity, magnitude and impact of a disaster.
Through this proposed rule, FEMA aims to clarify the individual assistance declaration factors that it now considers. FEMA states that the additional clarity “may reduce delays by decreasing the back and forth between states and FEMA in the declaration process.” FEMA is proposing to consider the following factors: (1) state fiscal capacity and resource availability, (2) uninsured home and personal property losses, (3) disaster impacted population profile, (4) impact to community infrastructure, (5) casualties; and (6) disaster-related unemployment.
FEMA pointed out that it will continue to use several factors and data to formulate its recommendations on major disaster declarations that authorize individual assistance. “No single data point or factor would determine on its own FEMA’s ultimate recommendation, nor would any single factor necessarily affect the president’s ultimate determination of whether a major disaster declaration authorizing individual assistance is warranted,” the agency said. The agency said it wanted to retain as much flexibility as possible concerning the disaster declaration recommendations.
Comments must be submitted by Jan. 11, 2016, to Regulations.gov under the docket number ID FEMA-2014-0005. Check out the Federal Register notice and let FEMA know how you feel about this proposal.IIS Debug Toolkit: IIS Crash/Hang Agent & IIS Dump (Version 1.1)
_Two tools make up the IIS Debug toolkit and are designed to help figure out what requests were in flight when IIS terminates unexpectedly or take action when a request hangs. Use this tool if you notice IIS terminating unexpectedly or if you want to figure out why a request is hanging._ [[ Microsoft Download Center]()]
Useful IIS troubleshooting tools.University of Oslo nutrition major, Oslo nutrition major, for example, you may gain an advantage in job recruiting on-campus. Check with the nutrition department for course registration deadlines, and dieting program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for University of Oslo. DeSales University online genetics degree as a complementary elective to your primary course of study.
Nurse Director Oncology Services
Clinical Management Consultants
Fellow nursing directors will collaborate with the Cancer Care Services Nurse Director and will be there for additional assistance and guidance..
5 hours ago Registered Nurse (RN) - ICU - 7a-7:30 Registered Nurse (RN) Day Surgery
Bayshore Medical Center - Pasadena
The Clinical Nurse provides nursing care for the patient; Graduate of an accredited School of Professional Nursing is required..
4 hours ago Registered Nurse LPG Telehealth
Lee Memorial Health System
Certification in Ambulatory Nursing preferred. Graduate of an accredited nursing program. Completion of Certification in Ambulatory Nursing when eligible.
8 hours agoRider Lacrosse. Arcadia University mens golf may encourage student-athletes to apply via early decision. Students who are considering applying via early decision should be aware of the rules and obligations that this commitment entails. Beyond consideration for Rider University lacrosse club, you may think about Worcester State University online class for complementary electives to your primary course of Girls Varsity Tennis Coach
Parma City School District
Has previous successful coaching experience in assigned sport. And special sport events. Promotes the sport within the school through recruiting athletes who..
6 days agoIt’s been a quiet blogging year here this year but I’ve been very busy on Bloggers4UKIP and my councillor blog, Stuart Parr for Brookside.
Let’s have a look back at 2011 …
January saw two sports presenters lose their jobs after secret recordings of a private conversation in which they made sexist comments were made public and the protracted revolution in Egypt which kicked off what came to be known as the Arab Spring.
In February the Northern Irish MP, Ian Paisley Jr, spoke out against an English Parliament even though it’s none of his damn business and consultations started on changes to hospital services in Shropshire.
March was the month UKIP had its best ever election result beating the Tories to second place in Barnsley, the Welsh voted for more devolution in their second devolution referendum (two more than we’ve had), the Scottish government abolished prescription charges leaving England the only part of the UK paying for prescriptions and the far left organised anti-government riots.
In April one of our neighbours and his daughter tragically died in a house fire, the census police were out and about telling lies, GPs in England were told to halve the amount of medication they put on their prescriptions to bring in more money, Telford & Wrekin Council put on an excellent St Georges Day event (Google ignored it) and Nick Clegg said that it’s right English students should pay £9k a year in university tuition fees whilst the rest of the UK doesn’t pay anything despite a broken manifesto promise to abolish them.
May saw the long-overdue death of Osama Bin Laden, my election to Stirchley & Brookside Parish Council and I published my proposal for a British confederation.
June saw teachers striking for special treatment and the British Olympic Committee causing outrage in Scotland, Wales and NI claiming their FA’s support a Team GB football team.
In July the Guardian journalist, Kia Abdullah, showed the true face of the nasty left by making fun of the death of three teenagers killed on a gap year in Thailand and surprise, surprise the racist university tuition fees charged for English students studying at Scottish universities resulted in less English students studying at Scottish universities.
August was the month that thieving former Labour MP, Jim Devine, was released from prison after serving just a quarter of his sentence for stealing from the taxpayer, Iain Stewart MP argued against an English Parliament, a Scottish doctor suggested English students could sell a kidney to pay for their university tuition, the EDL came to Telford and failed to cause mayhem, I reflected on how the British have lost Wales and an opinion poll on the Daily Mail website said 72% support English independence.
In September the Conservatives came close to being disbanded in Scotland and an excellent 89 year old letter warning of imminent doom from global warming was published in the Shropshire Star.
In October I made the conscious decision not to support the Poppy Appeal for the first time, the British government put the recession to one side to sort out the vitally important business of the sexist line of succession and HMRC demanded a voluntary tax contribution off Mrs Sane.
November saw Virgin Money snap up Northern Rock for a song, I explained why we don’t need a British Bill of Rights and Speaker Bercow spent £37k on a painting of himself and a coat of arms.
Finally, in December Jeremy Clarkson was pounced on by money-grabbing unions for poking fun at the BBC, the wicked witch of the left, Harriet Harperson, demanded the BBC stuff its Sports Personality of the Year Awards with women in the name of equality, I found out I need a hearing aid, the South Americans want a pissing contest over the Falklands and the British government have given the Scots, Welsh and Northern Irish a £30m gift of English money because the British have spent money for their Olympics in London.
So, we started 2011 in the EU dictatorship, the only country in Europe without any form of self-government and ruled by a bunch of crooked politicians and we’ll finish 2011 in the same state. I lost a grandad and auntie this year (they died, I didn’t misplace them) but it’s been a good year overall – I have the best wife a man could wish for and four brilliant kids to be very proud of.
I’d like to wish a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to all my friends and enemies.
On Wednesday the British government finally announced the West Lothian Question commission that they promised over a year ago, yesterday they gave a practical demonstration of why it’s so desperately needed.
Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have negotiated a £30.2m bonus from the British government because the British government have spent money in London for the British Olympics. No extra money will be spent in the rest of England where local authorities are facing cuts of about a quarter over the next few years.
The money is being handed over because of what is called Barnett Consequentials – the technical name for giving Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland a big wedge of cash just because the British government have spent some money in England. Barnett Consequentials are part of the balancing mechanism to ensure Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland continue to get the same outrageous level of subsidy at England’s expense no matter how much capital investment the British spend in England.
Paying Barnett Consequentials because of the Olympics is a bloody liberty though because they’re not the English Olympics, they’re the British Olympics. England doesn’t have a Olympic team and the British government’s investment in London is for their Olympics, not for London or for England. Some of the facilities that are being built for the Olympics are going to be relocated to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and some of the events are even being held in those countries. They will “benefit” from the British Olympics as much as the rest of England.
The British government shouldn’t have paid any Barnett money to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland for the British Olympics but there was nobody at the meeting representing English interests. As a consequence (excuse the pun), £30.2m of English taxpayers’ money is going to be handed over to the Scots, Welsh and Northern Irish for no other reason than because the British spent some money in England for their Olympic vanity project. This has only happened because there is no English government to represent English interests, saying “no, this is your Olympic games, we’re not paying your bribes”.
There are no details as yet on who will be on the West Lothian Commission, what they will consider and whether an English Parliament will be ruled out immediately or when they report in 2013.
The South American trade group, Mercosur, has banned Falklands-flagged boats from docking in their ports in solidarity with Argentina.
Uruguay proposed the ban and and the other three members – Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina – agreed. There are less than 40 boats registered in the Falklands so it doesn’t affect a huge amount of people but that’s not the point, it’s an attack on the Falkland Islanders.
The Mercosur nations are ganging up on the Falklands for no reason other than to cause a nuisance. They know that the Falklands belong to the UK, that the Falkland Islanders want to remain a British Overseas Territory and that the British government has pledged not to hand over the Falklands to Argentina unless the islanders wanted it. They know that all they’re going to get out of this is a pissing contest.
That said, we have no aircraft carrier and most of our deployable armed forces are already deployed in the Middle East and Africa so if Argentina did decide to invade the Falklands again, we’d struggle to take them back again. And don’t think our “allies” in the EU will help us – especially the French who Cameron stupidly decided we should enter into a military alliance with – because they won’t. The president of the Falklands Chamber of Commerce has already had a thinly veiled pop at the EU, saying:
If we were Palestine, the European Union would be up in arms
If it didn’t involve the UK and the former Spanish & Portuguese colonies then they’d be up in arms. We can’t rely on our supposed “allies” in the EU to stand with us (they gave Spain jurisdiction over Gibraltarian waters, remember) and we certainly can’t rely on the French to provide us with the aircraft carrier we’re supposed to have an agreement for if it means going to war with their southern neighbour’s allies. Or going to war with anybody for that matter, the cheese eating surrender monkeys.
If the EU won’t impose a retaliatory ban on Uruguayan, Paraguayan, Brazilian and Argentine goods then the British government should impose a unilateral one. If the British government doesn’t have the balls (they won’t) then we boycott them ourselves!
Wh.
Poor Harriet Harperson has got her unisex undergarments in a twist over the BBC Sports Personality of the Year panel not including any women in their shortlist of sports personalities.
No jokes about odd shaped balls please
The man-hating Shadow Minister for Equality and Women has demanded that the BBC include some women in the shortlist immediately and criticised the BBC for including the editors of lads mags in the panel.
The panel of newspaper and magazine editors from publications with an interest in sport chose the shortlist for the BBC and came up with the all-male list.
There are undoubtedly many fine sportswomen – Olympic swimmer Rebecca Adlington for instance or England women’s rugby player Fran Matthews who should surely win an award just for playing a brutal sport and managing to look pretty hot rather than like Fatima Whitbread. But the panel chose an all-male shortlist and it’s not for a failed politician like Harriet Harperson to demand that their decision is overturned and the list stuffed with women in the name of equality.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards are supposed to reward sportsmen and women for talent and hard work, not for having a pair of tits.
Jeremy Clarkson has caved in and apologised for making a joke about the anti-government strikes.
During an interview on the One Show, Clarkson was asked what he thought of the strikes to which he replied that they were brilliant, he could dart around London and there was no traffic and it reminded him of the 1970s. He then went on to joke that because it’s the BBC there has to be balance and said that he would take them outside and shoot them and would have them executed in front of their families.
The joke was actually at the expense of the BBC and its charter obligation to remain balanced and impartial which sometimes makes for bizarre statements from newsreaders and chat show hosts. The unions, however, were consumed with mock outrage with UNISON actually going as far as taking legal advice as to whether he could be reported to the police for incitement to hatred!
Clarkson has now apologised to the unions for making a joke at the BBC’s expense and UNISON have magnanimously accepted his apology and won’t be trying to get him arrested for being funny.
Just in case anyone from any of the unions is wondering, if I was in charge I wouldn’t have you executed, I’d take your leaders and agitators and put them in a hard labour camp until they stopped being such bloody stupid pricks. When people like Dave Prentis (UNISON), Mark Serwotka (PCS) and Bob Crow (RMT) hand over some of their huge salaries (they all have pay and perks of £100k+) to set an example they might deserve some respect but until they do, they deserve all the contempt that’s directed at them, the useless champagne socialist troublemakers.
Apparently the BBC received a large number of complaints which they believe have been made as part of an orchestrated campaign (no doubt organised by the unions). I have made my own complaint tonight at the BBC’s decision to apologise to the unions when they were obviously taking the piss for publicity:
I am disgusted that the BBC and Jeremy Clarkson have been forced to apologise to the unions over Clarkson’s joke on the One Show. No offence was intended and none was caused – the unions were expressing mock outrage at a joke that was made at the expense of the BBC, not the unions and not strikers. The BBC should have told the unions to grow up and do something useful, not waste everyone’s time pretending to be offended by a joke aimed at the BBC for publicity.
The London Evening Standard had a story back in 2007 which I’ve only just seen about a cleaner who pays 22% tax on her part time wages while the people who own the company she works for only pay 10%. It’s old news but it’s pertinent in today’s climate of fierce jealousy of anyone rich and successful.
First things first, it’s possible to reduce your tax liability through legal avoidance but not to the extent where you pay no income tax. If you earn a wage here you pay tax on it. What counts as a taxable income can be bent but you can’t earn the sort of money that give you a £260m personal fortune without paying tax on it. But let’s go with what the London Evening Standard says anyway.
In the case of this cleaner and the financiers behind the company she works for, she’s paid £225 per week and pays £26.58 per week income tax and National Insurance (NI). Her evil capitalist employer pays £11.88 per week Employers NI. That’s £1,382.16 per year that she pays in tax and £617.76 her employer pays in Employers NI for the privilege of giving her a job.
Assuming her evil capitalist scum employer avoids all his income tax liability (which is impossible) and he only pays 10% Capital Gains Tax (CGT) on his earnings, he would have to earn only £117,000 to pay the same amount of personal tax as the cleaner which isn’t a lot for a devil-worshipping evil capitalist fat cat is it? And his company is paying for the privilege of employing her as well as paying tax on its profits.
In more general terms, there are calls every day from the left for rich people to “pay their fair share”, fair share being entirely undefined but more than what they pay now. The fact that the top 5% of earners contribute something like a quarter of the UK’s tax income is lost on these people who are motivated by jealousy, not common sense. But who contributes more to the Treasury? One man earning £200k a year or 10 people earning £20k a year?
The 10 people earning £20k will all have a tax free income of £7,475 each, the person earning £200k will have no tax free income as it reduces by £1 for every £2 earned over £100k. So that’s £149,500 of untaxed income for the 10 people earning £20k each.
The person earning £200k will pay income tax at 22% up to £35k, 40% up to £150k and 50% thereafter. The people earning £20k will pay £4,038 each in tax and NI in a year which totals £80,760 in gross contributions to the Treasury. Most of the people earning £20k will also be entitled to tax credits and someone taking £50 per week in tax credits will be receiving £2,600 per year back from the Treasury.
The person earning £200k will pay £82.959 in tax and NI on his income over a year and will get nothing back from the Treasury. So one person earning £200k contributes more in direct taxation than 10 people earning £20k each and the gap widens the more the high earner earns and more in indirect taxes (such as VAT and fuel duty) because they have a higher disposable income.With […]
Archives for September 2014
Great Performances at the Center in November
The […]
Veterans Day Celebration in Grape Day Park
Veterans Day Celebration in Grape Day Park When: Veterans Day, Tuesday, November 11th 2014 at 10:00 a.m. Where: Grape Day Park, Escondido: 300 Block of North Broadway – On the lawn in front of the Military Tribute Wall of Courage Monument, between the Escondido History Center and the California Center for the Arts. Program: This […] […]
Stone Brewery Announces East Coast Location and more…
Stone […]
FINAL Food Truck Friday at Orfila Winery! (until March :)
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 14th will be the final Food Truck Friday until March… Featured food trucks: FEATURED FOOD TRUCK CHUBBY’S FOOD TRUCK MANGIA MANGIA CRABCAKE 911 About: Every 3rd Friday from 5 – 7:30pm, Food Truck Nation America will feature some of San Diego Top Gourmet Food Trucks at the Award Winning Orfila Vineyards & […]
OKLAHOMA! Is A Smash at Welk Resort Theatre
Welk Resort Theatre August 22 through November 16 The Welk presents a fresh, new look at Oklahoma featuring an intimate cast with a huge heart! Director Dan Mojica is at the helm for this classic Rodgers and Hammerstein musical masterpiece that focuses on the territory about to become a state, and the honest, heart-felt relationship […]
October Music at the Center
The California Center for the Arts, Escondido (the Center) reaches a major milestone this year as they proudly celebrate their 20th Anniversary season with an exceptional line-up of acclaimed performers. Please see the 2014/2015 performance schedule for more information and ticket purchase or call 1-800-988-4253. The fun starts in October… October 10 La Santa Cecilia, […]
October Family Events At-A-Glance
Here’s a great list of activities in and around Escondido for the whole family! Each of these events is in our Online Calendar… with more information. Click on the image to download the PDF. […]. Read more »Organo Phosphorous (OP) Pesticides are used on both plants and animals to control crop pests that and to control ticks on cattle. A majority of pesticides are organophosphorous (OP) compounds which are active poisons. Common symptoms: Hypersalivation, diarrhoea, nervousness, colic, dyspnea , frequent urination etc. Involuntary muscle contraction and relaxation may be visible under skin. Click here for further details ‹ Cyanide up Zoonosis ›THE Barn Theatre's Ambassador, Poldark's Heida Reed, is set to star in the Cirencester Christmas Spectacular, which takes place on December 6 at the town's Parish Church.
The TV star, who plays Elizabeth in the hit BBC drama, leads the line-up of big names performing at this year’s event, which is the brainchild of The Barn Theatre’s artistic director, Iwan Lewis.
The annual event plays host to some of the finest talent the West End has to offer, showcasing Cirencester’s amazing local talent alongside stars of the stage and screen.
In previous years The Christmas Spectacular has hosted West End stars from hit musicals and shows including Phantom Of The Opera, The Grinning Man, Jersey Boys, Les Miserables, and Calamity Jane.
This year promises to be another star studded evening with the full cast of performers to be announced shortly.
- Tickets for the Cirencester Christmas Spectacular start at £5 and are available from barntheatre.org.uk and Cirencester Visitor Information Centre.Commercial Photography
Manu Media’s photography will capture feelings and convey emotion to help you stand out from the crowd. Whatever the occasion, whether you’re promoting a product, your staff, or capturing an event, our professional photography will enhance your profile and brand.
Instead of stock footage and Clipart, show people who you are and what you do with professional, custom photos that add value to your brand and give your business to give the best first impression. Our experienced and unobtrusive photographers can capture moments and initiatives in action to help share your stories the way they ought to be told. We offer our experience and sophisticated approach to help you achieve your goals.
Event Photography
Create awareness and buzz around your next event. Manu Media’s skilled photographers can promote an up-coming event and capture moments on the big day. We offer fast turnaround without sacrificing quality and style.Since I pointed out Senator Kerry's detour into self-parody, I am legally obligated to point out this statement by President Bush:
"...a political candidate who jumps to conclusions without knowing the facts is not a person you want as your commander in chief."
Well, then...
(Sorry, imaginary readers. I love Bush, too. But this one red-lines the irony-meter.)
--JAN DEPAUW
(UPDATE: I know Bush would dispute that he jumped to conclusions without knowing the facts vis-a-vis Iraq. For the record, I would dispute that, too. But Kerry would likewise dispute my characterization of his efforts in Vietnam. But both of them, or more accurately, both of their speechwriters, would have done well to anticipate how these statements would sound to the opposition.)
(UPDATE 10/28: Copycat.)When you get bored to the songs saved in your player, turning on and listening to the radio can bring the excitement back. And to even expand your listening experience aside from the regular channels broadcasted in your radio, Edge can now receive new and extra channels through SiriusXM Edge Dock & Play Radio. This is the first satellite radio that lets you listen to a wide variety of songs and choose more channels from comedy, music, sports to talk channels that are not available on other radios. There is even SiriusXM Latino that includes dedicated Latin stations. The access to these Xtra channels depend on the type of subscription package you prefer.
The SiriusXM Edge allows you to do a lot of functionalities that are not offered on other radio devices. Through its hefty, color graphic display, the artist name, song or program title and channel details can be easily viewed. You can also pause, rewind and replay a live satellite radio up to 30 minutes. The SiriusXM Edge can save up to 10 of your preferred channels for a quick one-touch access. It can let you search other channels while still listening to the current one. Since there are mature content channels that are not suitable for the kids, you can lock and unlock those channels using the Edge’s parental control. This device is also compatible to XM network. In addition, the SiriusXM Edge One-Touch Jump feature lets you know traffic and weather condition of your selected city or use this feature when going back to your previous channel.
Designed with portability, the SiriusXM Edge can be used at home, at the office, outdoors or in vehicles using optional accessory kits. The SiriusXM Edge comes with PowerConnect Vehicle Kit for easy FM tuning. Installing the Edge is made easy through your existing vehicle radio that requires FM radio or Aux In capability.
You can also check out SiriusXM radio here.Palm Harbor Village
Palm Harbor Village
605 S Frontage Rd
Plant City, Florida 33563
Real Estate » Operators Of Residential Mobile Home Sites
Not the business you're looking for?
Find more results for Palm Harbor Village
Find more results for Palm Harbor Village
Search For "Real Estate" Companies in Plant City, Florida - Click Here Now!
About Palm Harbor Village
Palm Harbor Homes Is Plant City?s Premier Mobile Home Dealer. If You Are In The Market For A New Home, You Owe It To Yourself To Visit Our Amazing Model Center To View Our Manufactured Homes.
Palm Harbor Village in Plant City is a company that specializes in Operators Of Residential Mobile Home Sites. Our records show it was established in Florida.
Related Products in Operators Of Residential Mobile Home Sites
About SaleSpider
SaleSpider "The Facebook For Small Biz"Forbes
Recently Viewed Businesses
Business Directory
Over 65 Million Businesses WorldwideBack to Steven’s Bookshop/Canada
The tale of the Trojan War has passed through endless permutations, inspring countless artists, from its origin in Homer’s epic poem THE ILIAD to todays novels, graphic novels, and DVDs...
Nonfiction
HELEN OF TROY: Goddess, Princess, Whore by Bettany Hughes Charismatic historian scours the world of the late Bronze Age in search of the real Helen. Companion book to the PBS documentary.
IN SEARCH OF THE TROJAN WAR by Michael Wood Brilliant on-site exploration of the truth behind the legend. Companion book to the TV series, now on DVD.
DVDs
HELEN OF TROY (2003) Sienna Guillory stars as the legendary princess whose face launched a thousand ships.
HELEN OF TROY (1956) Oscar-winner Robert Wise directed this lavish spectacle starring the stunning Rossana Podesta as Helen.
IN SEARCH OF THE TROJAN WAR Brilliant on-site exploration of the truth behind the legend. See also the companion book by Michael Wood.
TROY Brad Pitt makes an indelible impression as Achilles. Widescreen or Full Screen versions.
TROY: BEYOND THE MOVIE National Geographic looks at the ancient myths and unsolved mysteries behind the Hollywood magic.
Graphic Novels
AGE OF BRONZE: A Thousand Ships by Eric Shanower begins a series of graphic novels depicting the story of the Trojan War. Followed by Age of Bronze: Sacrifice.
Fiction
TROY: LORD OF THE SILVER BOW by David Gemmell “Britain’s King of Heroic Fantasy” (GMI) begins the tale of Troy by introducing the warrior of many names, Aeneas.
PENELOPEIA by Jane Rawlings A novel in verse reveals the surprising adventures of the wife of Odysseus.
THE PENELOPIAD by Margaret Atwood retells the myth of Penelope and Odysseus from a different perspective.
HELEN OF TROY by Andrew Lang Epic poem about Helen by the great British Classicist and scholar.
THE MEMOIRS OF HELEN OF TROY by Amanda Elyot In middle age, Helen writes her autobiography for her daughter, Hermione.
THE WAR AT TROY by Lindsay Clarke Epic novel spans two generations, from the origins of the war to its aftermath. A sequel, THE RETURN FROM TROY, follows the fates of Odysseus and Agamemnon.
THE SIEGE OF TROY by Greg Tobin is a modern retelling of Homers Iliad .
HELEN, QUEEN OF SPARTA by John H. Pollard A cloak-and-dagger tale of mayhem, deceit, bride substitution, divine jealousy, and ritual death.
SHADES OF MEMNON by Brother G In 1200 B.C., a young Kushite warrior becomes a hero of the Trojan War. His adventures continue in RA FORCE RISING.
ILIUM by Dan Simmons Epic genre-bender melds Greek myth with far-flung science fiction, as superhuman “gods” recreate the Trojan War. Sequel: OLYMPOS
ODYSSEUS: A LIFE by Charles Rowan Beye The warrior and wanderer recounts his adventures. sail off to battle Troy, must King to Achilles. What fate awaits her when Troy falls?
KLYTAIMNESTRA WHO STAYED AT HOME by Nancy Bogen A sympathetic view of Agamemnon’s queen and the brutal choice she faced after the Trojan war.
CASSANDRA by Christa Wolf The tragedy of the Trojan seeress is recast as a hyper-feminist short novel, plus four essays by the German author.
AN ARROWS FLIGHT by Mark Merlis Post-modern historical novel retells the Trojan War in modern dress, or undress, since Achilles’s son Phyrrhus is a gay go-go boy!
ACCORDING TO HELEN by Florence Wallin The tale of Troy from the viewpoint of Helen not a mere pawn, but a queen who must do what is best for her people.
Fiction for Younger Readers
BY CLEMENCE McLAREN: Inside the Walls of Troy is the tale of Troy seen through the eyes of beautiful Helen and tragic Cassandra. Waiting for Odysseus is told from the point of view of four women central to the tale of Odysseus.
TROY by Adele Geras Ambitious epic transforms the triumphs and tragedies of The Iliad into a novel for young adults. amazon.ca Best of 2001 selection.A new update is out. This patch adds a peaceful mode as well as a number of bug fixes. Here is a look at the changelog for this update as well as the previous updates in case you missed them on the forums:
Version 0.8.3General:
- Peaceful mode option when creating a new world
- Underground enemies no longer spawn in areas that don't have access to gnomes (ie no surprise monster closets)
- Temporarily disabled rain
- Right click cancels selection. Clicking again cancels action.
- Holding shift while selecting locks the selection to the same plane
- Dig ramp down selection is always locked to the same plane
- Reduced audio file size
Art:
- Added item tiles for pickaxe, felling axe, sword, hand axe, hammer and shield
- Added equipped shield and hand axe
- Added wood door, stone door, bandage, statuette and commemorative coin tiles
- Updated wheat and strawberry
Bug Fixes:
- Crash on alt tab and other windows drawing on top of the game window
- Crash when a goblin dodges a trap
- Crash when characters are missing in text
- Crash with loading equipped items and resaving
- Crash trying to butcher corpses that have decayed
- Conflict when generating new nav graph IDs after loading a game
- Bug when loading items that were created from butchering
- Gnomes trying to use items they didn't have access to and no longer working
- Items sometimes being on a different cell than it thinks
- Digging stairs down on top of a mine job eventually mined out the stairs
- Spawning golems of all material types instead of 1 random
Version 0.8.2.1General:
- Adjusted pathfinding to have more natural paths in special cases
- Moved crash log to My Documents\My Games\Gnomoria
Art:
- Updated bar
Bug Fixes:
- Crash when switching between window/fullscreen
- Crash when a gnome passes out while on the way to their bed
- Occasional multithreaded save crash
- Gnomes sometimes getting stuck and not performing their job
- Personal quarters showing the wrong owner name
Version 0.8.2General:
- Show profession in squad list
- Indicate gnomes that are in squads with "(S)"
- Added a version number to main menu
- Added a max unhappiness level
Art:
- Added hide
- Added wheat
- Added egg
- Added meat
- Added bread
- Added sausage
- Added sandwich
- Added milk
- Added wine
- Added beer
- Added bone
- Added skull
- Added loom
- Added torch
- Updated blood
- Updated yak
- Updated decorative stone wall/floor
- Updated plank wall/floor
- Updated desk
Bug Fixes:
- Save files sometimes corrupting when saving multiple times without exiting
- Crash when mining around a door
- Crash on load when no uniform was set
- Unhappy gnomes were becoming increasingly unhappy over time
- Gnomes refusing to work from unhappiness earlier than they were supposed to
- Added jewelry items to stock settings
- Mispelled sapphire
Version 0.8.1General:
- Original save file is preserved in the event of a crash while saving
- Dig Ramp Down and Dig Stairs Down can now be performed when a wall is present
- Dig Ramp Down is now an area select action
- Default priority for workshops, farms, pastures and stockpiles is now 5
- Kingdom and gnome names can now be manually edited
- Personal Quarters gnome list now shows number of assigned rooms for each gnome
- Increased the drop down list size for the personal quarters gnome list
- Added a save without exiting button to the ESC menu
- Renamed "floodgate" to "mechanical wall"
Art:
- Updated plank wall
- Added crate
- Added barrel
- Added bag
- Bug Fixes:
- Crash on startup when no audio device is present
- Crash when canceling butcher jobs
- Crash on load when a squad didn't have a formation set
- Crash when copying (ctrl+C) text in a text box
- Armor destroyed in combat causing save crashes
- File access with default.png requiring administrator access
- Key bindings not saving to settings.ini
- Issue with creating coal from logs
- Gnomes starting workshop jobs before all ingredients are available
- Creating a designation on top of a conflicting job
- Assigning personal quarters to the last gnome in the list having no effect
- Some floors drawing on top of walls
- Triggering bookmarks while typing in a text box
Woo, fixes and art :D
Great job Bob!
So like a fully graphical version of Dwarf Fortress? Yes please!Artificial Boundary Method. Print version: Boundary value problems gw Han Houde Houde Han Wu Xiaonan Xiaonan Wu 9783642354649 3642354645 Computer science -- Mathematics. Appl. Mathematics/Computational Methods of Engineering. Engineering mathematics. en Electronic books 2013 840403113 840403113 Artificial boundary method . Mathematics. 2017-12-23 Computational Science and Engineering. MATHEMATICS--Differential Equations--General Computational Mathematics and Numerical Analysis.
Stripes--a complex form of electronic self-organization--occur in close proximity to the superconductivity found in copper cuprates. Although superconductivity and stripe order compete with each other to some extent, they are believed by many to reflect a common underlying physics. Two papers in this issue of Science report on some unusual electronic properties of fully developed stripes, providing novel clues on the physics behind superconductivity.DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER
If you live and breathe digital marketing, we want to talk to you.
We’re looking for a Digital Marketing Manager to join our Marketing & Online Team to continue our recent success and play a central role in achieving significant growth for our brands & ecommerce websites.
This is a fantastic opportunity for motivated individual who wants the opportunity to make a real difference and be a part of an already successful organisation. Working closely with our Marketing Manager, you will be responsible for developing our overall digital marketing strategy and then executing this by creating, implementing, tracking and optimising digital marketing campaigns across all channels.
You will be tasked with increasing our brand awareness & authority, growing inbound website traffic & ecommerce sales and increasing our search engine rankings. You’ll have a thorough understanding of digital channels such as SEO, PPC, Email, and Social Media. As well as the ability to interpret customer insight and drive the marketing strategy to achieve business objectives. You will also work with our web design and development team to continually improve the performance of our websites.
Key responsibilities:
- Develop and implement digital marketing strategies for our brands and websites.
- Plan, execute, report and optimise digital marketing campaigns, including Pay-Per-Click advertising, SEO, Email Marketing and Paid Social campaigns.
- Working with our.
Download Full Specification
How to apply?
Downloads
To download our PDF jobs description or application form attachments you will require Adobe Reader. Please click Here to download to your computer if needed.Leo said: "To celebrate the launch of Uncharted 4, PlayStation asked me to come up with my own epic Uncharted Adventure. I came here a few years ago with my dad and did this amazing route, and I thought whilst I was doing it, it would be amazing to do solo."
Barcroft Images / PlayStationJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Need Help? Phone 0800 88 8723
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Monthly Specials
Weekly Specials
CLEARANCE
Swanndri Mosgiel 100% Wool Bushshirt
You have no items to compare.
ddd
Web development by Digital HothouseInterior Design dress, design, food & flowers January 18, 2013 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 Covering all the bases today with a pretty little round up of a few of my recent findings. Happy weekend lovelies <3 8 Comments By Jacquelyn Clark Jacquelyn Clark Founder, Interior Designer Previous Post Next Post You Might Also Like danielle’s bedroom: before. December 8, 2010 house envy: picture perfect. November 29, 2011 Escape to Point Yamu March 4, 2015I thought the course was great! The daily lessons were well done, easy to follow and informative. I liked the recipes provided. Great week of awareness. I would absolutely recommend this class to others. Thank you!
The course of as great. You always provide terrific information and good support systems. I love having accountability partners and the group shout out piece, and definitely appreciate the recipes.
The course was very well done....organized and planned out! I enjoyed all the different facets of it! Different uses of media etc. Many thanks!Tekken Revolution
Review by Nick_Chaos007
Reviewed: 07/08/13
Free to play does not mean play for free
Its here finally a Tekken to bring back the masses to the franchise! To top it off it's also FREE! That's right! The game is free download and free to play fully equiped with a ranking mode, an arcade mode and player vs. player mode! That unfortunately is where the good news stops.
This is supposedly a full game but really plays like a demo, or worst yet an arcade quarter sucking game. Afterall thats exactly what it is.
Gameplay 2/10
It's a fighting game so lets get straight to the fighting! You are given only a core amount of characters and 6 unlockables after you've gained enough points, all which are random unlocks so forget about getting your favorite fighter. Its all luck. The fighting is not much different than tekken tag tournament and the entire purpose of the game was to bring in new players who have never played a tekken game. The one difference is invincible moves. Just like their name they are moves that renders you invincible for the time you use it and theres no limit on them once so ever. So you can just spam them freely, which is not a problem since they are easily punishable. I have no problem with anyone spamming but if your easily annoyed by it, you're going to deal with it often by people at all levels. The juggling is a bit ridiculous though. All characters can juggle you until your dead from the start of the match leaving little room for error, especially with the stat build up.
Stats
Speaking of which. In Tekken Revolution you can level up your characters to a max lvl of 50. Each level all characters get 4 points to put into POWER, ENDURANCE and VIGOR. Increasing damage, health and critical hit % respectably. This pretty much kills the game instantly! Power and Critical damage allows for fights to be over in 2-4 combos. Some even in a single Juggle will end the fight because you can level up how much damage you do with higher critical success. This completely defeats the purpose of any fighting game really. In the end a better fighter will have a chance but a decent fighter with the right stats will always win.
Game Modes 4/10
The gameplay is sorted through 3 types of game mode. A ranking mode that allows you to rank up your characters prestige. 1-15. This really is nothing more than to give yourself a title. It's also probably the best way to get a fight. Titles are an indication of skill, or at least they're suppose to be. all it typically does it get you kicked out of a lobby if your shinny title is present. The one plus side for this mode is as it tries to match you up with someone you fight the AI with no time limit and enhanced AI strength. This allows you to practice while you wait. Probably the only redeeming quality of any of the modes.
Arcade mode is the practice mode of the game. You go through 7 rounds of computer AI. They AI is absolutely pathetic. The only reason for this game mode is to learn your skill. You can press start and see all the combos. You get little exp and gold (for buying your skill ups). Unfortunately you can only play it once an hour...yes, you are limited to 1 play in arcade mode per hour. More on that in a second.
Player match is the most commonly played mode. You enter in a lobby to see all the matches taking place. From 2-6 people lobbys. You can create your own and set the requirements. The requirements mean absolutely nothing. If you set it so that +5 connection anyone can join still, making it pointless. In the lobbys the host can leave at any time ending the lobby. Meaning if you're #6 waiting to fight and the host gets butt hurt and losses they can leave...even if you're in the middle of a fight effectively ending the match. You can also be kicked from the match. This happens all the time for no reason. It happens quite often too with the incredible dumb community. If your spamming, your kicked, if your blocking to much, your kicked, if your winning to much your kicked. Leaving you to create your own lobby, but if you don't have a good connection players won't join because they can see your connection. Even though you can't see it yourself, another flaw of the game. You are limited to fighting in this mode just like ranked once per half hour.
The lack of a vs mode your friends is also terrible. You are forced to play against someone you don't know with a lousy connection potential. There was mention of adding a training mode but if it cost tokens then it's just as pointless as arcade mode.
Tokens
This is where the game play REALLY falls short. You are limited to 2 MAX tokens for arcade play. 1 per hour. 5 Battle tokens for rank and player match and limited to 1 every 30 minutes. Meaning once you run out. You can't play anymore! This is where the isn't free to play mantra comes in. You can buy Premium coins that allow you to play in any mode...for a price. This does make it a nice game to play when you don't have the time since it forces you into that play style anyways. You also receive premium tickets that work the same as the coins through special events in the game and reaching mile stones like 10 wins, 100 wins ect. Everytime you win in player match with these premium coins/tickets you win another ticket. This isn't true for battle coins though. If you run out of battle coins in the player match even if you won the last fight you won't be able to continue. Forcing you to stop playing or buy tickets.
Music 0/10
I only mention this because this game has the most forgettable music ever. A loop of alternative dubstep techno crap that you wish wasn't even there.
The fighting is actually quite fun, but the way they built this game literally takes away all of the fun from playing. As someone who has never experienced a Tekken game before with this being my first attempt at the franchise. I can honestly say its such a huge failure....its a success. Over 1 million downloads and all I feel is that I want to go buy Tekken Tag Tournament because this game is so bad just to be able to fully experience the game. So maybe they did succeed here.
Overall 2/10. This game just is a half assed attempt to get people interested in Tekken. Like the old saying go, there is no such thing as bad publicity and this game is BAD! I have not bought any other Tekkens but it has gotten me interested in future titles, if they're anything like this though I'll be keeping my receipt..
Rating: 1.0 - Terrible
Product Release: Tekken Revolution (US, 06/11/13)
Got Your Own Opinion?
Submit a review and let your voice be heard.A government ambulance in the Free State lost control and overturned with a patient in it after a car allegedly pushed it off the road.
The incident happened on Monday in Bethlehem. The police used CCTV footage to identify the car and a 24-year-old man was later arrested.
Another ambulance was called and took the injured paramedics and the patient being transported from another accident to a nearby hospital.
Arrive Alive’s advocate Johan Jonck said the ambulance was allegedly pushed off the road by a private car near Frontier Casino in Bethlehem.
“The cops got hold of video footage from the casino and arrested the driver of the car, who had fled from the scene. The crew sustained minor injuries and they were treated at Dihlabeng Hospital,” said Jonck.
Free State Health spokesman Mondli Mvambi said: “The ambulance was on its way from an accident on the Kestell road to Dihlabeng Hospital with a patient on board.
“The patient did not sustain any other injuries as a result of the ambulance accident. The ambulance is badly damaged. Injury on duty forms have been completed by the affected officials and have been submitted to determine whether the officials are entitled to any payment.”
Police spokesman Captain Zweli Mohobeleli said: “The 24-year-old man was arrested on Monday at about 6am.
“He will appear in the Bethlehem Magistrates Court soon on charges of drunk driving and reckless and negligent driving.”
Source: Daily SunFall Essentials Modeled by Li Xiao Xing for GRAZIA Italy
Chinese top model Li Xiao Xing takes the pages of Italian Grazia Magazine with images shot by photographer Tim Zaragoza at Atelier Management. In charge of the styling was Caroline Titcumb who selected essential Fall pieces from the likes of Max Mara, Marella, Trussardi, Dior, No 21, Tod’s, Brunello Cucinelli, Jil Sander, and Stella McCartney.
Li is represented by Women Model Management in New York, while she’s with ELITE Models in Paris, Milan, London and Barcelona. For more of the session continue after the jump:
Photographer: Tim Zaragoza at Atelier Management
Model: Li Xiao Xing
Production: A+ Productions
Stylist: Caroline Titcumb at Atelier Management
Makeup: Aya Komatsu at Bridge Artists
Manicurist: Riwako Kobayashi
Hair: Wesley O’Meara at Honey Artists
Images courtesy of Atelier Management – ateliermanagement.comWinter Magics Mandala
© Sue O'Kieffe 2014
Some plants come decked out for the holidays. How could I resist this invitation to honor them in mandala form? Winter Magics Mandala is also imbued with reiki and Light Language, a language from the higher realms that some people are now remembering, and is also enhanced with the energies of Metatron's cube.
Happy Holidays. Doesn't it feel good to be heading back towards the Light again?
Mandala blessings,Sue O'Kieffe
Sacred Circle MandalasSeo for native companies is no longer just centered round small retail outlets as a result of every local business can now take advantage of the benefits of local WEB OPTIMIZATION’s. Whether or not your need is for expertise in the diversified areas of Digital Advertising and marketing or you’re on the lookout for an company that may launch and execute digital strategies which are price efficient, we are Ajax Union and we will fill the bill.
Nonetheless, we still help clients with brand design , graphic design, and firm-wide advertising plan tasks. That is why MULTILEVEL MARKETING/Community Marketing is very advisable by individuals like Robert Kiyosaki and Donald Trump. Some companies nonetheless regard seo and local key phrase focusing on as an non-compulsory a part of their advertising campaign.
I discover that nicely planned out secret enterprise plans, adequate funding, and the heart to see what your product of is one of the strongest marketing plans ever, in no matter kind of promoting. In a nutshell, a great SEARCH ENGINE MARKETING rewards your website at a higher rate than just about another form of advertising or advertising and marketing. We have the aptitude to work with our shoppers’ inner content material, creative, and e-mail marketing groups or deal with the whole campaign for them.
To learn more concerning the on-line Internet Advertising Certificate from Benedictine, contact us to request extra data , apply online or speak to a Program Manager at (866) 295-3104. Slinky Internet Marketing has helped many businesses in and round Perth, Western Australia and the east coast of Australia to develop by means of a considerable increase in on-line site visitors. Members of the TheeTeam host SEARCH ENGINE MARKETING MeetUp groups, head Triangle advertising organizations , blaze the path at Home of Hops run club , lead the way at Toastmasters , and more!
That implies that you do not get paid by the hour, nor do you get paid off of commissions, nor do you receives a commission by wage; you receives a commission on a per appointment foundation. Academic establishments offering advertising coaching were maybe a bit late to understand the tremendous potential offered by the new internet functions and platforms.Happy Summer everyone! There are a few days left to get in on this month's challenge over at the Inspiration Emporium blog. The theme this month is birthdays or celebrating so why not get in on the fun for your chance to win $50 to use at their online store. Head on over HERE and check out my project which I hope will give you some creative inspiration when making your own.
I feel there is going to be some relaxing creative time in my future with over two weeks of vacation ahead. I am in much need of a work break and what better way to spend some vacation time than by getting a little inky.
Recently I had the honour of making samples for Tim Holtz for this summer's Create and Connect trade show which was formerly CHA. You have no idea my nervousness, excitement and sometimes overwhelming feelings to be a part of this exciting time and keeping everything a surprise. I am sure the woman at the post office thought I was crazy when I picked up my parcel of supplies. Over the next week I will be sharing with you my projects and photos of some of my favorite products released at this show. So check back often for some holiday goodness. There is nothing like a little Christmas in July! later. hCar hire comparison made easy
Subscribe for exclusive offers and deals!
8.7 / 10
4.2 / 5
Rentalcargroup offers a price comparison of all car rental companies in Vetlanda, Sweden. Why spend hours doing research while we show you the rates, fleet and car rental terms of all car hire companies in Vetlanda, Sweden.
More than 100,000 people use our services each year to save time and money on their next car hire. Let us help you find a deal on your next car hire and see our high customer rating at reviewcenter.com
Vetlanda Car Hire Comparison | We offer a price comparison of all car hire suppliers in Vetlanda Vetlanda Off the road, on ice, unbridged rivers and/or streams are off limit with a rented car. Even with a 4x4 car. Advise the local rental company if there are any restrictions.
Reviewed by:
Company:
Mr Bjarne Moeller
Sixts
Rentalcargroup Service:
October 21, 2014
Easy to work with, good price and excellent service
Rentalcargroup.co.uk is part of Ecommerce Group NVOn Balance, Progress In North Korean Issue
Three noteworthy things happened after the North Koreans detonated a small nuclear device on Oct. 9.
First, the test itself was something of a fizzle, with the explosion being smaller than perhaps the North Koreans had planned and hoped for. This may have shown them that they weren't as far along in developing a workable atomic weapon as they had thought.
Second, the Chinese government's reaction was quite negative. China joined in the moderate sanctions that were adopted at the U.N., it joined the banking sanctions in Macao that the U.S. had encouraged, and it apparently cut some military aid to North Korea and threatened further cuts. All this showed that the Chinese, like the Bush Administration and the Japanese, were concerned about the prospect that North Korea could become a full fledged nuclear power.
Third, the U.S. abandoned its policy of not talking to the North Korean regime of Kim Jong Il directly. The Administration sent its able lead negotiator, Christopher Hill, to Berlin to talk bilaterally with the lead North Korean negotiator, and out of this precedent-setting meeting came the bare bones agreement that has now been reached in the six-party talks in Beijing.
Anything can happen. Past agreements with the North Koreans have not proved lasting. But in this case, the North Koreans stand to receive quite a bit more in aid, in oil and so on, if they honor their assurance that their main nuclear plant will be shut down within 60 days and let in U.N. inspectors to verify that it has been. Further steps, such as disassembly of present nuclear weapons and/or turning them over to international bodies, have not been ruled out.
It could well be that once Kim Jong Il begins moving in a more peaceful direction, the pressures on his regime will build to undertake even more reforms. North Korea, to put it mildly, has not been an economic success. Like East Germany in 1989, once the ice is broken, pressures may well build up on the regime for even more substantive change. In this respect, South Korea, Japan and China can all be helpful to the U.S.
Once it became obvious that the Bush Administration was in no mind to undertake military action to block North Korea becoming a nuclear power, then some such deal was probably in the cards, and we now have to wait to see what happens next.
It also should be recognized that what happens with North Korea may have some impact on the relations of the U.S. and other Western countries with Iran in respect to its nuclear plans.
Just this morning, at his news conference, President Bush joined the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, Gen. Pace, in distancing himself somewhat from anonymous U.S. military briefers in Baghdad over the weekend who had suggested that senior members of the Iranian government were responsible for the alleged use of Iranian weapons, such as roadside bombs and other anti-tank devices, against American forces in Iraq.
It could well be that, just as Hill's contact with the North Koreans proved useful in Berlin, some mid level bilateral diplomatic exchanges may soon get underway between the U.S and Iran, looking forward at least to stemming tensions that have been building up between the U.S. and Iran in the Iraq war and elsewhere in the Middle East.
One place to watch is Lebanon. If Iran backs off there, and Hezbollah suspends or lessens its efforts to depose the Siniora government, it could be viewed as an introductory positive step. But yesterday's bombing of a bus carrying civilians in Lebanon, the first such attack, was ominous. Also, of course, the doings of the Iraqi radical, Moktada al-Sadr, who reportedly has gone to Iran, bear watching.
--
The departure of Vernon Loeb, an investigative editor at the L.A. Times, to return to the Philadelphia Inquirer as metro editor is another sign that under Tribune ownership, and all the uncertainties about the Times future that that entails, the paper is losing key personnel and sinking. Tribune did enter into one sale this week, that of Hoy, its Spanish-language paper, in New York. But it has not proceeded expeditiously as yet to make other sales, and its stock price continues a slow decline. Unless the Times is sold soon, the departures of John Balzar, Alissa Rubin and now, Vernon Loeb, will only be followed by others.
Loeb was a leader in the Times city room in trying to fashion reforms at the paper. He was a strong and outspoken supporter of the ousted editor, Dean Baquet. Under the circumstances, we can only wish him well at the Inquirer.
Labels: North Korea
Links to this post:
Create a Link)
Hi Clifford!
It's always interesting to read your interviews and reviews.
Clifford, tune into the tribute show tomorrow, 1/23.
Here:
The line up presently is as follows: Prince's children: Prince Jr., Anthony, John, will call in all morning at different times. I think most of them are calling in the first hour. Keep your comments succient so we have time to play some of Prince's music. Anna Johnson, Prince Lasha's sister is also calling in as well as Shirley Moffett. They will call in during the first half-hour.
I will have Odean Pope on the air with me from the beginning, because I am calling him. Sonny Simmons might be on at 8 AM also. Leon Williams and Sandi Poindexter will call in at 9 AM. Chuck Fishman will call in at 8:30 and Oluyemi between 8:30-9 AM. Eddie is on from 8-9:30. When you are on the air, you'll be able to speak to other guests like a regular radio show.
Remember, be concise in your comments. I'd like to play at least 4 songs in the 1-1 1/2 hours.
Guest musicians on the air are: Eddie Gale, Odean Pope, Sonny Simmons, Oluyemi Thomas, Leon Williams, Melvin Butts, and Sandi Poindexter (maybe Destiny Muhammad)
The call in number is: (347) 237-4610. The website is
And here is a treat for you and only the select few that find this blog. Chuck.
PACKAGED IN A ZIP FILE FOLDER - DOWNLOAD LINK:
116 MB - should take about 10 - 15 minutes to download over cable
connection. Should start when you hit the link:
FORWARD TO WHO YOU LIKE WHO MAY PLAY ON THE RADIO
TRACKS ...
THANKS WANDA! PLEASE RESPOND TO LET ME KNOW YOU GOT THESE. PLEASE
FORWARD US THE RADIO PROGRAM INFO FOR FRIDAY.
RECORD INFO HERE:
TRACKS IN ORDER OF HOW I DISCOVERED THEM
++++++++++++
1. Prince Lasha Quintet feat. Sonny Simmons - Congo Call
>> The first track I ever heard from Prince Lasha. Info below. It just
blew my mind the first time I heard it. It was the only track I could
find instant ready on the internet before I prepared for my first phone
call with Prince to talk about recording. I really needed to hear
something from him before I talked to him. I was like this is some
carribean funk. It didn't really stick out as jazz in my head. I was
going to use Prince Lasha to do some original tracks for my band
fONKSQUISh, but as soon as I heard this, I knew I wanted to cover it. I
interviewed him about the origin. Album credits below.
ALBUM INFO FOR 1:
Prince Lasha Quintet feat. Sonny Simmons - The Cry !
(Contemporary 7610)
recorded. 62.11.21
pressed. 1963
Congo Call - Bojangles - Green And Gold - Ghost Of The Past - Red's mood
- Juanita - Lost Generation - A.Y.
Prince Lasha : flute. Sonny Simmons : alto sax. Gary Peacock, Mark
Proctor : bass. Gene Stone ; drums.
Rec. in Los Angeles, USA. Producer : Lester Koenig.
+++++++++++++
2. fONKSQUISh feat. Prince Lasha - Zulu Congo Call
ALBUM INFO:
Prince Lasha dubbed our 2008 rework of Congo Call with a modern style,
'Zulu Congo Call'. This is an unreleased very rough mix of the song, a
full release will follow in 09. Chuck Da Fonk Fishman, G Koop, Prince
Lasha
+++++++++++++
3. cHUCk dA fONk interview with Prince Lasha about Congo Call
ALBUM INFO:
Prince Lasha interviewed by Chuck Da Fonk Fishman - October 2008
+++++++++++++
Videos of the making of Congo call
4. fONKSQUISh feat. Prince Lasha: Zulu Congo Call recording session
outake
5. fONKSQUISh feat. Prince Lasha: Zulu Congo Call recording session
outake
ALBUM INFO:
Chuck Da Fonk Fishman, G Koop, Prince Lasha in the studio.
+++++++++++++
6. Elvin Jones/Jimmy Garrison Sextet - Just Blues
>> At my first lunch meeting with Prince Lasha, he informed me of the
album 'Illuminiation' which is essentially the John Coltrane rhythm
section. I couldn't find this one online for purchase, though Prince
Lasha did show me that it has been re-released on CD. It just is such a
nice blues-jazz piece. It is heart warming. And the drums by Elvin Jones
just keep this one moving so well. Just love this one.
7. Elvin Jones/Jimmy Garrison Sextet - Nuttin Out Jones
>> Another great one from this Sextet album. I love the introductory
riff and how they play off. I dare say this one really is a funk track.
Prince Lasha just does some incredible things with the clarinet on here.
ALBUM INFO FOR 6,7:
Elvin Jones/Jimmy Garrison Sextet - Illumination !
(Impulse AS-49)
recorded. 63.08.08
pressed. 1963
Nuttin' Out Jones - Oriental Flower - Half And Half - Aborigine Dance In
Scotland - Gettin' On Way - Just Us Blues.
Prince Lasha : clarinet, flute. Sonny Simmons : alto sax, English horn.
Charles Davis : baritone sax. McCoy Tyner : piano. Jimmy Garrison :
bass. Elvin Jones : drums.
Rec. in NYC, USA. Producer : Bob Thiele.
+++++++++++++
8. Eric Dolphy - Music Matador
This is one I found on YouTube when searching for Prince Lasha. It had
that trademark Carribean funk I had first heard on 'Congo Call' but this
time the track is even more so... It just sounds like a calypso tune
right off. I love the juxtaposition of Prince's flute, Dolphy's bass
clarinet, and Sonny Simmons' Alto Sax. It maintains this lifting calpyso
riff through the entire song, that underpinning it all. Amazing tune. If
you just take out the improvisations, you have a funky carribean dance
tune. Even a TV commercial jingle - it's just so catchy, like Congo Call
- I could imagine covering this riff too. Prince was always about those
simple riffs.
ALBUM INFO FOR 8:
Eric Dolphy : Conversations
(Fred Miles FM-308)
recorded. 63.07.03
pressed. 1964
Eric Dolphy : bass clarinet. Clifford Jordan : soprano sax. Sonny
Simmons : alto sax. Prince Lasha : flute. Bobby Hutcherson : vibes.
Richard Davis : bass. Charles Moffett : drums.
Rec. in NYC, USA. Producer : Alan Douglas.
+++++++++++++
9. Prince Lasha featuring Herbie Hancock - Kwaado Safari
Prince Lasha with Herbie Hancock. Who knew? Prince hadn't mentioned this
record to me, the first few times we spoke. I found it on iTunes. This
was the stand out track for me. Just the nice samba vibe, with Prince's
flute leading us through. I read somewhere that Hancock felt
uncomfortable on the session. I also love that Prince also did the
saxes. I mean this is all Prince. This record was not released after its
1965 recording and was not heard until the 1970s for the first time. I
called Prince in December -.
ALBUM INFO FOR 9:
Prince Lasha : Inside Story
(CBS unreleased; Enja 3073)
rec. 65.??.??
p. 1974
Ethereal - Flight - Kwadwo Safari - Inside Story - Mary.
Prince Lasha : flute, alto sax. Herbie Hancock : piano. Cecil McBee :
bass. Jimmy Lovelace : drums.
Rec. in NYC, USA. Producer : Prince Lasha.
+++++++++++++
10. Michael White - Land Of Spirit And Light
I found this one by going to the
web site and looking at Prince Lasha's discography. I found he played
flute on this set led by Impuse Records violinst Michael White. It's a
funk fusion jazz number that goes through three different movements.
Part 1 is a funk vamp, part 2 is a nice little, and part 3 features
Lasha prominently. It speeds it up Fela / James Brown style with the
group singing vocals along to Prince Lasha's sullen flute outro. I also
got to tell Prince I had found this track during our last call and that
I liked it.
ALBUM INFO FOR 10:
Michael White - Land Of Spirit And Light
(Impulse AS-9241)
recorded. 73.02.07-08
pressed. 1973
The Land Of Spirit And Light - Fatima's Garden - Fiesta Dominical - O
Ancient One - Lament.
Michael White : violin. Bobby King : guitar. Prince Lasha : flute,
piccolo. Ed Kelly : piano. Cecil McBee : bass. Kenneth Nash :
percussions. Kenneth Jenkins, Stanley Nash : vocals.
Rec. in California, USA. Producer : Ed Michel.
+++++++++++++
11. Prince Lasha - The Trane
I just recently found this album and this track 'The Trane'. I mean it
is otherworldly, like it is just so tight and loose all at the same
time. The band creates so much space in the music. And Lasha's childhood
friend Charles Moffett on drums is just doing some next level things -
playing with the beat so much but staying in pocket. Again this is
another Lasha track where the opening riff is so memorable, that even at
the most improvisational moment, the riff sticks in your head. The horn
section is great. And sometimes Lasha almost is not in the mix in your
head sometimes, because he's like the glue holding all the horns
together - playing the flute almost like the keyboard sustain chords.
Don Cherry is on this session which is so cool, because I didn't check
the session notes first - I was just like who is this trumpeter! You
hear Prince yelling a lot in this track, just catching vibes with the
band. What a discover this was .. My mind is blown.
ALBUM INFO FOR 11:
Prince Lasha - It Is Revealed
(Zounds L71863)
recorded. 63.05.??
pressed. 1963
Lost Generation - The Trane - Prelude To Bird..
Greetings.
Digging back in your archives, I found your eloquent appreciation of Prince Lasha. Thank you for sharing that.
I also found Chuck's share here, which I am looking forward to immensely, as there are several tracks I'm not familiar with.
much appreciated!
TNThe Dutchman Pieter Van der Aa was a publisher, editor and bookseller who worked in Leiden in Holland. He started working as an apprentice to a bookseller when he was nine years old and started publishing his own books by the time he was twenty three. He published numerous atlases and travel books.
His maps are very stylish and decorative. Koeman lists seven different maps of China by Van der Aa between 1707 and 1729 but a number of these are the same map in a different publication. I believe he only published two or three different projections of China. This early eighteenth century map has an unusual shape for Korea but quite a good shape for Formosa for the knowledge of the time. A decorative vignette in the bottom right hand corner shows two Chinese men trading in the foreground with a city and pagoda in the background.
Tooley’s Dictionary of Mapmakers Revised Edition A - D
Antique Maps Moreland and Bannister
Atlantes Neerlandici 1967 Dr Ir. C. Koeman
1790 - 1873The English mapmaker John Arrowsmith was a founder member of the Royal Geographical Society in London. He was the nephew of Aaron Arrowsmith who started one of the leading English map publishing houses in the first half of the nineteenth century. Aaron started the company in 1790. After his death it continued to be run by his sons Aaron Jnr and Samuel and then by John.
The Arrowsmith family built up a reputation for compiling maps and wall charts showing the latest discoveries and the most up to date information of all parts of the world.
Tooley’s Dictionary of Mapmakers Revised Edition A – D
Petrus Bertius was born in Beveren, Flanders, on November 14, 1565. He became the brother-in-law of Pieter van den Keere and Jodocus Hondius, both famous cartographers with whom he collaborated. He settled in Amsterdam and after finishing his studies, he became Professor of mathematics and librarian at the University of Leiden. In 1618 he was appointed cosmographer and historiographer to Louis Xlll of France.
His enormous working power resulted in many geographical and theological works. The larger part of his works was devoted to theology, his fame among geographers was established by his text in the pocket atlas Tabularum Geographicarum Contractarum 1600 and by his edition of Pholemy’s Geographia in the Theatrum Geographiae Veteris 1619.
Atlantes Neerlandici Dr Ir. C. Koeman
Rigobert Bonne was an engineer, mathematician and cartographer from Raucourt in France. He succeeded Nicolas Bellin as hydrographer of the Depot de la Marine in 1773. He produced numerous maps between 1762 and 1790.
The Englishman, Emanuel Bowen, map and print seller, was engraver to George II and to Louis XV of France and worked in London from about 1714 onwards producing some of the best and most attractive maps of the century. Bowen produced a number of maps and atlases of different parts of the world. He was one of the leading 18th century map and printsellers and engravers in London, and operated from various addresses.
Giovanni Cassini was a painter and engraver who worked in Rome at the end of the eighteenth century. He was a student of the famous Italian artist of architecture, Giovanni-Battista Piranesi, who he worked with. His maps are distinctive and beautifully engraved. He produced some of the most beautiful maps of the late eighteenth century.
E. Benezit Dictionnaire des Peintres, Sculpteurs, Dessinateurs et Graveurs. 1976.
Philipp Cluver (Cluverius) was a geographer who came from Danzig(Gdansk) He studied at Leiden and Oxford and settled in Leiden. He specialised in historical geography and his publications made a wide and influential contribution to the subject. His Introductionis in Universam Geographicam was first published in 1624. It went into a number of editions into the eighteenth century with the maps being re-engraved and revised.Waste Materials Used in Concrete Manufacturing
By:"Satish Chandra"
Published on 1996-12-31 by Elsevier. Energy consumption is also very high at 100-150 KWT/ton of cement produced.. Partial replacement of clinker or portland cement by slag, fly ash, silica fume and natural rock minerals illustrates these aspects. Partial replacement by natural materials that require little or no processing, such as pozzolans, calcined clays, etc., saves energy and decreases emission of gases.. Developments in chemical admixtures: superplasticizers, air entraining agents, etc., help in controlling production techniques and, in achieving the desired properties in concrete. Use of waste products is not only a partial solution to environmental and ecological problems; it significantly improves the microstructure, and consequently the durability properties of concrete, which are difficult to achieve by the use of pure portland cement. developing in the construction material, to increase durability. The combination of different binders and modifiers to produce cheaper and more durable building materials will solve to some extent the ecological and environmental problems.
This Book was ranked 5 by Google Books for keyword Environmental Materials and Waste.Master Key Locksmith - Georgetown, MA
Lock and Key Maintenance and Repair in Georgetown, MA do our best to increase customer satisfaction.
Our team is fully bonded, working together effectively to give you some help with the lock problems you are going through.. These facts about our employees can guarantee your full protection in your residence, vehicles and business place.
We have variety of locksmith services for residential and business areas and to automobiles as well.People within the country can have our locksmith services with minimal prices.Our company can give you solutions from installing new security locks to repairing broken ones. Call us now at (978) 216-2004 and experience the best locksmith solutions. For our client's convenience, we do estimates that are free of charge.Zipcode: 01833,I suppose I could call this post "The Mystery Writer's Conundrum"; a kind of obsession with writing something different from what I have written before.
I first started the writing of mysteries after I retired from my day job. That was in July of 1997. I was fifty-seven at the time, a late bloomer. I had always "wanted to write", but never seemed quite able to do it. (Fiction writing, that is; I was a hired pen at the Library of Parliament's Research Branch here in Ottawa, and I wrote for a living.) After my first book, Undertow, came out late in 2002, I believed – erroneously, as it turned out – that I was home free, that I had found the magic key. Surely, the next book - and the next, and the next – would flow from my pen (or keyboard), a Niagara of paragraphs and pages. It didn't happen that way. Each of the two succeeding books was as difficult as the first, and took about as long to write.
Now I am struggling equally as hard with my fourth book. About two weeks ago, I sent half the new book – tentative title, Birthright – off to my publisher and his editor. I had doubts about the structure and organization, and I wanted some feedback. To my not very great surprise, the feedback was to the effect that the book as it stands now needs much better organization and structure. Even more to the point, it is not written as a mystery novel, not in its current form.
And that takes me back to the title of this post. In writing the book, I strayed away from writing a mystery. Instead, I was trying to write an historical novel about my protagonist's rum-running career during Prohibition, and – to really complicate things – about the impacts of WW2 on a number of the characters in the narrative. The book, as it stands now, is divided between 1933 - in Cuba and England – and 1947 in St. John's, Newfoundland, the setting for the first three books in the series. Trying to connect the two time periods and the three different locations is proving very difficult.
I believe I am correct in saying that the requirements/ingredients for a mystery novel differ from those of a non-mystery. If one is writing a mystery, the "mysterious" part has to be obvious from the start. That is one of the feedback items I received from my editor. I wrote some interesting stuff in the first half of the book – some 168 pages – but "Where was the mystery?" she asked me. Well, I replied, the mystery really starts in the second half of the book. "Well," came the response, "you might want to move the second half to the front, and even dispense with a large part of the narrative as it now exists. You’ve written some interesting stuff, but it isn't clear that it's a mystery that you are writing."
So, now I am more or less back to the (in)famous "square one". On the positive side, there are some 250 pages of text written, some of it relevant to the "mystery". And some of it quite good – if I do say so. There are also the characters, most of them well-defined, most of them interesting.
Some years ago, I started to draft a short article on how to write a mystery novel. Had I completed it, the title would have been: "First, you kill someone." Someone is dead at the start, and the story goes on from there – backwards, forwards, and sideways. I should have kept that in mind when I started this current book.
For additonal instruction and guidance, I might also have re-read one of my favourite short stories by Somerset Maugham: The Achilles Statue, also called The Creative Impulse. It is the story of Mrs. Albert Forrester, a noted writer of poetry, essays and criticism:
"All the critics agreed that Mrs. Albert Forrester's books were excellent. She was considered by the critics to be a writer of the highest merit."
The trouble was, Mrs. Forrester's books, however highly regarded, did not sell. Critics do not buy books.
To summarise the story, Mrs. Forrester's husband Albert, who was her sole financial support, grew tired of the pretentious literary life that he shared with his brilliant wife, and he ran off with the family's cook, Mrs. Bullfinch, and settled into a flat with her. Albert didn't care for his wife's writings; he liked to read detective stories instead. He read hundreds and hundreds of detective stories. And now that he was gone, he advised his wife to put aside her brilliant writing, and write the kind of detective story that people who actually bought books might like to read. And buy. Albert even told his wife how she might start her detective story:
"I like stories which begin with a very respectable-looking,."
Thus inspired, Mrs. Forrester went home directly, and began to write her detective story. When it was published – as The Achilles Statue – it was a great success, and she became famous at last. And wealthy, too.
And, by the way; Albert and Mrs. Bullfinch lived happily ever after also.
The message for me being that if I set out to write a mystery novel, then I should write a mystery novel. Don't try and write something else. I dread the idea of writing my books to a "formula" – what Barbara Fradkin calls "The F Word" – and I hope I never do that. But there are essential components to a mystery novel.
So, I will start again on my new book. And this time I will start the book by killing somebody. And go on from there: backwards, forwards, and sideways.
2 comments:
Many thanks greatly for revealing this specific info. I'd personally certainly like.Dave’s been into shooty stuff recently.
Well, that’s not entirely truthful. He’s always been into shooty stuff. He modified his Nerf gun to, in his words, “shoot harder, farther, and more accurately.” He needed a more powerful Nerf gun. My kids will have these genes.
We have a combat-accurate AK47 airsoft rifle…just kinda hanging out in our living room. It’s between the DVD shelf and the TV. It’s also modified. My husband uses an assault weapon as decoration.
He’s been jonesing for a real, honest-to-God big boy thing-killer for a while now. On our honeymoon, he bought a copy of “Guns and Ammo” to read on the plane.
Yesterday, he DVRed the last six episodes of “Top Shot” and is burning through them as I type. It’s a TV show about a bunch of super-machismo manly-men military boys who blow shit up with guns. Except for that really hot Marine, this show does nothing for me.
Would you believe I married a bleeding heart liberal?9th November 2017, Denver/Greensboro, NC
New Era Cap – the official on-field hat of the National Football League (NFL) – has announced the debut of its first-ever official NFL cap made with plastic bottles, thanks to the use of Repreve branded, recycled performance fibre, created by textiles solutions provider Unifi.
Starting on 12 November, fans will be able to purchase the new, eco-friendly New Era caps at the Broncos Team Store at Sports Authority Field at Mile High during Broncos games. The Repreve-based caps will come in multiple styles, including the 9fifty and 9twenty. Each hat is made using four plastic bottles.
ised styling. The 9twenty is a strap back. “The collaboration will help us continue to spread the word that recycled plastic bottles can become high-performance products when they’re made with Repreve.”
Unifi is also teaming up with the Denver Broncos to envelop fans in eco-friendly messaging prior to and during the game. Repreve-focused messaging will run on stadium boards during the game, and on 12 and 19 November, Unifi’s custom-designed, interactive Repreve #TurnItGreen mobile tour will be at the stadium for fans to visit prior to kick-off and hear how their recycled plastic bottles can be transformed into high-performing gear.
Be the first to comment on Recycled plastic bottles transformed into NFL caps excellent growth prospects in a transforming area.
It’s characteristics like that that underpin successful commercial property investments. But while there is growing excitement around commercial property’s potential to generate reliable income, particularly for those moving into retirement, few investors understand the real drivers of good commercial property investment.
There are five features that help investors distinguish good commercial property investment or funds from the bad.
High-quality tenants
Quality tenants are the major building block of commercial property. You want access to high-quality tenants with deep pockets and fixed leases – whether government departments, Australian businesses or international companies.
The Connect Corporate Centre in Mascot has a list of high-quality tenants, including the Commonwealth Government, Kone Elevators, global real estate services firm Jones Lang Lasalle, former Qantas credit union Qudos, and international medical device maker, Boston Scientific.
The Fund’s portfolio more broadly consists of household names such as Coles, Woolworths, Leo Burnett, ConocoPhillips and Dulux.
High occupancy rates and a long rent roll
In addition to quality tenants, investors should look for properties and funds that have a high number of tenants. But, importantly, you should look for a high occupancy rate that has been demonstrated right through the cycle. A high occupancy rate allows the property or fund to maintain consistent cash flow streams.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance.
We have a good track record of renewing tenants and our occupancy rate has been more than 95 per cent for more than 10 years.
Maintaining high occupancy requires excellent management: making sure tenants are well taken care of and that we’re doing all we can to service them.
The right level of debt
Debt often plays a big part in real estate. Debt juices up capital returns – it multiplies both gains and losses. But debt can make income less secure. The right level of debt depends on your investment objectives.
If you are looking for a defensive, income-generating investment, then you’re likely to prefer an investment with lower levels of debt underpinning more predictable returns.
Because we focus on a solid income profile with a little bit of capital growth, our fund’s policy is to use debt very conservatively. Our gearing levels are typically 0 to 15 per cent.
Location, location
Just as with residential property, location matters. History shows that assets in major cities tend to benefit from a larger pool of tenants and industries, creating higher rental demand, strong underlying land values and more stable rental returns.
The property should also be in an area with potential. We believe the Connect Corporate Centre’s location in Mascot provides significant upside to rents. The South Sydney market has been transformed over the past decade and Mascot is establishing itself as an attractive new commercial precinct.
Rents in Mascot at $360sqm to $400sqm are cheap relative to the CBD, which have risen from $600sqm to $1000sqm, but also relative to the likes of Chatswood, Parramatta and Macquarie Park. However, Mascot rents probably won’t stay cheap forever. As the area continues to change and densify, our view is that the market will catch up over time, providing solid capital growth.
Another recent acquisition, the Brickworks Centre, a 15,183 square metre single -level lifestyle centre at Southport on the Gold Coast, has 50 tenants across fresh food markets, eateries, furniture, homewares and boutique retailing.
The Brickworks Centre is located in Southport, a hotspot for population growth on the Gold Coast. Southport has been classified as a priority development area which has led to a surge in development applications including several mooted large-scale apartment projects. The Centre also benefits from the recently constructed light rail, built for the Commonwealth Games.
Scale and diversification
The final factor is diversification. Diversification is crucial to producing quality, stable returns from commercial property. Ideally, you don’t want to be exposed to one property with one tenant. If the tenant leaves and you have difficulty re-leasing, your income could dry up.
Few commercial properties are priced under $1 million, and it can be difficult to get the scale required to achieve a diversified exposure unless you invest in a fund. A fund provides diversification across national property markets, property sectors, buildings and tenants.
The Wholesale Australian Property Fund, as an example, has exposure to NSW, Queensland, Victoria, South Australia and the ACT. We are also diversified across retail, office and industrial sectors, which bring different benefits to a portfolio. Industrial, for example, typically generates more yield. (Broadly, we aim for one-third in retail, a third in office, and another third in industrials.)
We have a mix of 300 tenants in our 22 properties across many sectors such as retail, government, financial and business services and manufacturing and transport.
Ideally, you don’t want to be overly exposed to one tenant. Our largest tenant, generates less than 5 per cent of the portfolio’s revenue and if we acquire further properties in the fund that percentage will fall.
Locking in solid returns
There is no doubt that commercial property can deliver solid, stable income streams. But to deliver that stable income stream, investors need to focus on the right properties and right funds.
Our team is extremely selective and for every property we buy, we typically consider and reject another 20.
If investors can focus on properties and funds that have good quality assets and tenants, then they will lay the platform for solid returns over the medium to long term.
For more information on the Wholesale Australian Property, listen to our recent webinar.
It’s important to be aware that there are risks associated with investing in the Wholesale Australian Property Fund. Before investing, please read the Product Disclosure State which can be found by visiting our website.
Source: AMP Capital 12 October 2017
Author: Christopher Davitt, Portfolio Manager
Important note: Investors should consider the Product Disclosure Statement (“PDS”) available from AMP Capital Investors Limited (ABN 59 001 777 591, AFSL 232497) (“AMP Capital”) for the Wholesale Australian Property Fund (“Fund”) before making any decision regarding the Fund. The PDS contains important information about investing in the Fund and it is important investors read the PDS before making a decision about whether to acquire, continue to hold or dispose of units in the Fund. National Mutual Funds Management Ltd (ABN 32 006 787 720, AFSL 234652) (“NMFM”) is the responsible entity of the Fund and the issuer of units in the Fund. Neither AMP Capital, NMFM.0
Buy Used Cars in Aurora, CA | Malliki Motors
submitted 3 months ago, Tuesday, Nov 7, 2017, 12:24:10 by AuroramotorsCO in Vehicles
If Are you looking to brought new or used cars in Aurora, CA. Then Come to Malliki Motors, a reputed car dealers in Aurora, A wide range of used car collection available for you. Get in touch with us.
rated 0 times (+0) (-0) - comments: 0 - hits: 41 -
There are no comments for this article.
Only authorized users can leave comments. Please sign in first, or register a free account.Interspire referencing it a lot.
First let me say that Interspire has been fairly proactive in addressing the concerns raised by my original review.
They have changed their upgrade policy to allow you free upgrades for 1 year regardless of upgrade type (previously you had to pay for major upgrades) after one year you can renew at 50% the original cost of your licence.
This pricing scheme is more in line with other software vendors out there, and is an industry standard. While Interspire is still expensive compared to many other carts, their upgrade policy is now inline and shouldn’t be a source of complaints.
Installing, Upgrading, Importing
I’ve done more upgrades of the software since my original review, and all went off without a hitch, except the most recent one, which to fix I merely had to uninstall and reinstall my template (two clicks). They’ve also added more templates.
I am annoyed though at the lack of persistent data though some of the template changes. For instance, welcome text at the top of the homepage. I have to re-insert it every time I upgrade a template. It would not be that difficult to provide a field that persists through template changes for that sort of thing, or footer text, etc. In fact, stick them all over, they’re really simple to do. vBulletin finally caught on a few releases ago and stuck option advertisement templates all over the software so when upgrading you could have those templates persist and not have to redo all your advertising.
Order Summary
What I said previously:
Why is it so hard for some carts to provide a printable receipt after checkout? Honestly, Cubecart doesn’t, OScommerce doesn’t, what is the deal?
Interspire does not do it either when you select payment of check or money order (mail order form) they provide this sentence: “Mail a check or money order in US funds, along with a printed order summary, to:” But don’t actually provide the order summary. I guess you have to wait for the email and print it out? What if you don’t get it? Why not just put the order summary on that page?
When you pay with a credit card through authorize.net Interspire provides a link for the order summary, but again, why not put the order summary on that page? There is a ton of whitespace on it, fill that space up!
The email summaries they send are nice, put that content on the page seen after checkout.
Still holds true. No fix there.
Categories & SEO
My issues with the category setup on the menu in regards to SEO and headings as mentioned in my first review are still there. I would like to be able to have more control over the category listing, perhaps giving prominent locations to products or categories I wish to promote more, I can’t. I would also like the ability to section off my menu.
Images
They now allow more than 5 product images. I would still like a lightbox to display them on product pages instead of a popup. Popups are old technology, take longer to load, and can be blocked.
Product Variations
What can I say? They’re trying.
5.5 included a new product variation handling tool and other upgrades.
Firstly, they paginated the product variation screens. So it will no longer crash your browser from information overload if there are tens of thousands of form fields (very possible).
Secondly they implemented a bulk variation editor. This, unfortunately, is almost worthless. It is like they just don’t get it. Let me explain.
Their tool allows you to filter variations and then edit the cost. Suppose you sell engagement rings available in silver, gold, and platinum. Each ring can be sized from 5-15, and can include a .5, 1, or 2 carat diamond.
Their tool allows you to replace existing values, which is not very useful at all. Say you have the following prices:
Gold .5 carat = $500
Gold 1 carat = $1000
Gold 2 carat = $2000
So suppose you need to increase the cost of your gold jewelry because gold prices increase at the wholesale level. You use the filter to select “gold” and then select say “add $30″ and instead of adding $30 to each gold ring, it finds every ring option that involves “gold” and replaces the value of that combination to $30. So now, instead of having rings costing $530, $1030, and $2030, you have rings costing just $30. Oops!
The solution is to go back and select gold and .5 carat and input $530, then gold and 1 carat and input $1030 and so on. Doing each combination individually. Which begs the question, I thought this was supposed to save time?
It does save time, if you’re only dealing with combinations that do not affect the price. Like suppose there was no price change depending on ring size. Then you could do a gold price change for all ring sizes at once. But the second you add a second price-affecting variable, you screw the system up.
This is true whether you’re editing or doing the initial setup of your product variations.
The solution would be simple, create a toggle to indicate whether you want to increment or replace existing values. If you did so and selected “increment” it would still filter out all combinations involving “gold” and then instead of saying “cost = $x”, it would say “cost = $current_cost + $x.”
Otherwise, all that they’ve done is created a new way to do things one at a time, which defeats the purpose entirely.
Also, it is far too easy to destroy thousands of existing variations. With the system as is you can easily accidentially not set a filter then hit submit and zero out or otherwise change all of your carefully done, perhaps 100,000 total, product options. That sort of devastation demands a confirmation step. I would strongly recommend Interspire code in a simple “Are you sure?” check, it will save someone’s butt sometime.
Finally, there is still no display of prices next to product options on the actual product pages customers will see. Almost every other cart will display the options, why? Because customers don’t like having to play “guess the price.” There are a couple Interspire hacks and modifications that address this, but so far, no support from the actual company. It should be a really easy change too.
Authorize.net Integration
I complained about their Authorize.net integration in my last review. They left out customer emails, they left out the entire block of shipping information, and they did not appropriately use the description field (to list the actual products sold, rather than just repeat the order# information).
They’ve fixed everything except the description field.
Shipping
Still no support for dimensional weight with UPS.
Reporting
They have added a monthly sales tax report, which was my main complaint.
Other bugs
They now allow you to use an SSL domain, but you can’t set it to be your same domain, perse. For instance many sites use as their catalog, but drop the “www” for their SSL domain, you can’t do that with Interspire. Not a huge deal, but there.
They have also fixed the annoyance of not letting you know your current version in the admin area.
Order Management
Order management has gotten better, customer messaging is now included in all versions of the cart as I requested. However, the messaging system still just emails people to tell them they have a message, it does not actually email them the message, creating a second unnecessary step.
Final Thoughts
My thoughts on 5.5 are pretty much the same thing as my thoughts on 5.0. The cart is a Ferrari without tires. However, I see mechanics working in the shop putting tires on some wheels and so I am optimistic. The people at Interspire are listening to feedback, even here on my blog, and they are making changes based on that feedback. That is moving in the right direction, even if we are not yet at our destination.
As far as the product variations go, I still can’t fully recommend it for sites needing complex variations, but they’re getting closing, one more small change (the increment setting mentioned above) and they’re about there. In the meantime, my script that helps setup new products that need variations is always available. For other sites though, especially when you have a site owner not that adept at skinning, Interspire is attractive.
Also, apparently in their next version they plan to include the ability to print UPS labels directly from the cart, which would be stellar.
Coming soon will be my review of X-cart (almost done), and my review of the newest CRE Loaded (almost started).
February 1st, 2010 at 8:24 pm
So which is your best recomendation for paid shopping cart ?
February 6th, 2010 at 3:51 am
Looking forward to your review of X-Cart. Thanks for the udapte on Interspire.
Any comments or feedback on CS-Cart from your experiences. I am also interested to see some review on CS-Cart but very few thorough reviews around.
February 6th, 2010 at 7:15 am
Thanks for the review. I totally agree with you with regards to their product variation features. Very very awkward to use.
However, I am considering their multi-vendor solution, as it is the only one of the few out there in the market, and I don’t have much choice.
With regards to single vendor shopping cart, I think CS-Cart could be a very good option. Their product variation is miles ahead of Interspire.
February 6th, 2010 at 9:07 pm
Thanks Wei,
Yes, been doing some research and test and already CS-Cart is looking better than Interspire and X-Cart.
Their(CS-Cart) forum is very good and just a bit concerned about the level of support and responsiveness given the Russian element which I seem to have picked up from most articles I’ve read. However, none suggest that this compromises support in anyway regardless their location/origin.
I am hearing some negative vibes about X-Cart already, but will still check it out.
Like to hear what Chris has got in his review..!
February 10th, 2010 at 1:06 am
Well I am almost completed with my review and I can say CS-Cart is miles ahead in every area..
I am tempted to go with CS-Cart unless Chris comes up with something I missed on when we see his X-Cart review.
CS-Cart is very flexible and value for money where as you have to buy lots of add-ons for X-Cart before you can compare apples for apple.!!
February 11th, 2010 at 8:28 pm
Wonder, another interesting option you might want to have a look is Opencart, very flexible, robust and simple to use.
For a single storefront, I would pick between CS-Cart and Opencart.
I need to find a multi-vendor solution. Anyone out there has any experience?
February 13th, 2010 at 4:45 am
Well I been waitin for sevreal months now for interspire to fix some minor updates since 5.0, its now 2010 5.5 has been released with some disappointments! @Wei, I’ve actually checked out Opencart today and I was very impressed! Today I will decide with my developer which cart to go with interspire VS opencart, since he does all the programming I’ll let him choose based on what fits us better for the both of us. I’ll keep you guys updated and let you guys know what shopping cart I went with.. BTW, I want to send a BIG Thank to Chris for the very helpful review! A++
February 14th, 2010 at 5:12 am
Hey chris,
In your review you mention that the order messaging is now included in all the licensed version, however on their product comparison page, it still only shows it as a feature for the ultimate version. Are you sure it is included in all the versions?
P.S. I dont currently own a copy of ISC, but I am thinking of getting the professional version.
July 29th, 2010 at 2:40 am
Chris-
Any chance of a CS-Cart and OpenCart review? Surprised not to see either in your cart review section. Appears tons of people are talking about both.
Thanks much for your other reviews. Keep’em fresh.
Best,
Jack
September 12th, 2011 at 1:52 am
Interspire is a great shopping cart. I am actually researching for a suitable shopping cart form my client, I have narrowed down to either Interspire or CS-Cart.
Thank you for the review.United States international Eddie Johnson (pictured) was traded from the Seattle Sounders to D.C. United on December 17, 2013. (Photo: Mexsport)
RENTON, Washington – The Seattle Sounders traded United States international forward Eddie Johnson to 2014-15 CONCACAF Champions League qualifier D.C. United in exchange for allocation money, the club announced Tuesday.
Johnson has led the Sounders in scoring the past two seasons, ranking second all-time in club history with 23 goals in regular-season play.
 has made 65 appearances across all competitions for Seattle, scoring 29 goals, including two in the CONCACAF Champions League.
Johnson has been capped 61 times by the U.S. and has 19 career goals. He netted four times in 10 qualifiers for Brazil 2014.
The Sounders acquired Johnson on February 17, 2012, in a trade with the Montreal Impact. He played 2008-2011 in Europe with Fulham, Cardiff City, Aris and Preston North End.
NOTES: Johnson has 64 goals in 176 all-time MLS regular-season matches…In MLS, he has also played with FC Dallas/Dallas Burn (2001-2005) and the Kansas City Wizards (2006-2007)…Johnson scored two goals in three 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup appearances, helping the U.S. to its fifth title.
Champions LeagueI’ve generally disliked the AIM client that AOL has been creating. I mean when it came out, it was decent, but sort of like IE, they just sort of let it sit there because they were everyone was using it. I’ve been using version 5.5 in conjunction with DeadAIM for who knows how long. It’s not because there hasn’t been new versions. AIM Triton came out awhile back and so did AIM Pro. AIM Pro was actually decent, but it was lacking features that I wanted. The feature I needed was logging, but AOL decided that feature wasn’t necessary version after version. Even AIM Pro just kept logs for 30 days or so before flushing them. Version 5.5’s UI was also pretty ugly. Honestly, the little ad doesn’t really bother me that much, especially when I’m running my screen resolution at 1920×1280. I also disable adblock on websites that I like and don’t have intrusive ads that take up half the screen. Adblock Plus has this feature you can disable the blocking on particular sites.
So RayAlome tells me about this new AIM 6.0 that was released a month or 2 back, and initially I just dismissed it as another AIM failure, probably worse than Triton (then again, nothing could really be worse than Triton). When I went back home this break, I removed Triton from my system and was going to install AIM Pro, but decided to give 6.0 a try. Honestly, I’ve found this newer version nothing short from amazing.
Remember back in the days of ICQ, where you can send offline messages and the person would get it immediately when they signed on. Well, that’s back! No longer needing to set alerts to see when people come on now (though the alert function is still good for stalking).
They also have their internal logging system. The file structure’s somewhat weird. DeadAIM broke the saved logs into directories by screennames. AIM 6.0 just puts all logs into one directory. But with indexers like Google Desktop Search, Windows Desktop Search, or even Lookout, you can have all these indexed and no real need to perform a long search.
Other features this new version provides include IM Grouping (which is really tabs, but on the side), ability to have 1,000 buddies (instead of the previous cap of 200), and some other neat stuff. They’ve also integrated it pretty well with their website (email, AIM Today, AIM profile, etc). AIM Today actually tells you how many IMs you’ve sent/received (actually somewhat scary) and other information you might be interested. I personally have that disabled from launching when I start AIM. You can also check out all your buddies’ info in one location without having to open a buddy info window for each one. Then there’s the AIM profile where you provide info about yourself and even add your Flickr, Digg, Blogger, LiveJournal, MySpace, YouTube, and even personal RSS feeds (which you can add at Buddy Network Settings).
So after I got back to Seattle, I did hit a really weird problem installing AIM 6.0 on my main box:
The problem appears that it’s unable to load the images for the buttons and skin, leaving a very ugly window. Interestingly enough, some icons do get loaded, but who knows what is going on. At first I thought it may have been a bad installation, but the UI (user interface) loaded fine on my other Windows accounts (not to confuse with AIM accounts). I thought maybe there was a setting, theme, or expression that wasn’t being correctly loaded, so I deleted my AIM user data and registry keys, but that didn’t fix it either. I had tried making myself an Administrator (thinking this program may be picky), but that didn’t fix it. I even tried uninstalling/reinstalling as an Administrator, but that didn’t do anything either. My computer back in LA is basically the same set up where I’m running as a user and not an admin and it worked fine. RayAlome suggested that it might be because of some UI tweak. I changed everything back into Fisher Price mode, but the AIM window didn’t change at all. I do tweak my settings a lot, but I have no idea what could be the problem here.
I ended up logging off and logging into my Admin account, renamed my “Documents and Settings” directory and logged back in to create a new profile as my default account, and guess what, AIM know has the correct skin. So it appears to be something in my registry since I’ve already uninstalled DeadAIM, the previous AIM client, deleted all AIM settings in my user profile and delete all the AIM registry keys in HKCU that I could fine. At first I thought I could deal with an ugly looking AIM, but today when I got home, I decided to just create a new profile and import the my data over. It actually wasn’t that bad. The most difficult part of creating this new profile was Outlook. Apparently there isn’t an easy way to export account settings. The data inside Application Data and Local Settings\Application Data are just your emails and calendar. Searching online resulted in this thread: Outlook 2003 Accounts File. Apparently Outlook account information since Outlook 2003 are stored in your registry. Therefore, I just exported: HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Windows Messaging Subsystem\Profiles\Outlook (thread tells you to use HK_USERS\{USER_SID}\, but if CURRENT_USER is just a shortcut to the current user’s SID. I then copied a bunch of other Application Data crap from my old profile to my new profile. Desktop and My Documents were a pretty easy move. Quick Start icons were somewhat hidden, but didn’t take me too long to figure out where they were stored.
So the things I did immediately was disabled Fisher Price mode and set it back to classic mode. Rearrange my icons and folder views. One thing that it did disable was my input languages (language bar), so I had to re-enabled all the ones that I used.
All this work to get AIM to look like this:
now you just have to kill the banner ad 🙂
I’m just wondering if there’s a way to import the DeadAIM logs into AIM 6.0 (as i too have been using AIM 5.5 along w/ DeadAIM for a lonnng time, i do not wish to lose any of my logs)
I personally never use the log manager to search through logs anymore. With tools like Lookout, Google Desktop Search, Windows Live Desktop Search, etc, searching for logs of is as simple as just typing their screenname into one of these tools. You can also add in extra words for the specific log you’re searching for. At that point, you can sort by date, relevancy, etc. A much better tool than the original log manager that came with DeadAIM.
//krunk (^_^x)
Hey Krunk, It looks like you solved this Skin problem that alot of people are having. So did you rename the whole “documents and settings” directory or did you rename just your “Account Username” directory below it and created a new default username instead.
You’ll have to login as another user (i.e. Administrator). If you don’t have another account to use, you’ll need to create another account with administrative powers.
Once you login as this new user, just rename the documents and settings directory to something like username.old. Do note, all your customized settings will be gone, and I wouldn’t recommend this if you have no idea what you’re doing.
Log out and log back in as yourself again. It’ll create a new documents and settings
folderfor you (now you’ll have username and username.old). AIM 6.0’s skin should work now, and you’ll have to transfer your stuff bit by bit back over (include “my documents”, desktop, program settings, program data, etc.)Cruise News
Ahoy there! Royal Princess prepares to cruise back on to our screens
The popular ITV documentary, The Cruise, will be sailing back onto our TV screens next week.
The first episode of the six-part series returns at 8.30pm on Thursday (11 January). Set on board the 3,600 guest Royal Princess, the series will follow crew and guests as they cruise around the Mediterranean.
Filming ‘The Cruise’ on board Royal Princess in Mykonos
The programme, voiced by Downton Abbey’s Hugh Bonneville, has once again been made by leading factual documentary maker Wild Pictures.
Tony Roberts, Princess Cruises’ vice president for...Thought Leadership
The case of the Minnehaha Creek Greenway
A CEO in transition warns that Failing to Plan is Planning to Fail
An interview with CHS CEO Carl Casale
Advertisement
Advertisement
81% to 19%: the ratio of women to men in the boardroom:
The people in the best position to reduce sexism are men — they’re the ones who need an attitudinal adjustment
Book binder improves efficiencies and engagement with custom applications
A major US-India health care summit in Minneapolis underscores possibilities for a growing economic partnership
Advertisement
Advertisement
Emily Torgrimson shares the E4E with patrons of Bonnaroo Music Festival
Continual innovation has become a habit, and not just for millennials.
Beko Rufa, owner of Dilla restaurant
Developing areas rich in culture into cultural destination places can bring jobs to low income neighborhoods
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mary Hamel is executive director of the Metro Independent Business Alliance, based in St. Paul
Now in its 10th year, the Metro Independent Business Alliance strengthens companies and communities
George Konik playing as a pro
Lessons from the rink that influence every decision I make as president of George Konik Associates
Lachlan gave a clear and methodical presentation of RTTI, comparing the syntactically obtuse older version with the new and improved model introduced with D2010.
Our Annual Symposium for 2017 was held on 18th May in Brisbane and 19th May in Melbourne.
Marco Cantu, RAD Product Manager at Embarcadero was our keynote speaker at both events.
Our Sponsors this year included:"What's dat cawd, mommy? What's dat cawd?" {Squishy to me 20x/day. He wants to know what EVERYTHING is called.}
"Ac-toolly..." {Squishy's new favorite word. I guess I say "actually" quite a bit}
________________________________
My best adventure these days is adjusting to life with my two boys. I'm yearning to savor this time...which is sometimes challenging since each day goes by at warp speed in a blur of changing diapers and filling tummies.
The general flow of our weekday goes something like this....
General Weekday Schedule
7 or 7:30 am: Wake up, feed baby, quiet time.
7:30-8:30: Toddler wakes, toddler and Alicia’s breakfast. Both boys dressed.
8:30ish: Baby’s early morning nap. Try to clean the kitchen. End up reading to Squishy.
9: Alicia’s shower, toddler’s room-time (during "room time" I put the gate up in Squishy's open doorway and he plays in his room with his toys and books. His room is kid-proof and I can hear him from the bathroom. This is a really nice break for both of us!)
9:30-10:15: Minimum maintenance, fix hair/make-up.
10:15 or 10:30: Feed baby, Sesame Street for toddler.
11 ish: Prepare and eat lunch
11:30: Baby’s late morning nap. Clean kitchen. Mommy time with toddler.
12:30 pm: Clean up toddler’s room, put him down to nap.
1 or 1:30: Feed baby. Daily chores.
2 or 2:30: Baby’s early afternoon nap, Alicia’s personal time/dinner prep/nap or exercise.
Between 3:30 and 4:30: Everyone up from naps, snack time, feed baby, keep working on dinner.
5 or 5:30: Baby’s evening nap.
5:30-6: Dinnertime.
7-7:30: Baby’s pre-bedtime feeding, afterwards get toddler ready for bed.
8: Toddler’s bedtime.
8-8:30: Baby’s bedtime. Alicia gets ready for bed (ideally, haha)
9:30-10: Baby’s dreamfeed.
10:30: Alicia’s Bedtime. (it's been more like 11 pm lately)
1 am ish: Feed baby.
4 am ish: Feed baby. {sometimes he drops one feeding and only wakes up around 3 am!}
7 am: Start over.
Of course, this is just the basic idea. If the baby is having a growth spurt, there are more frequent feedings (mind boggling, I know). Sometimes we'll go for a walk and the baby will just cat nap. Then there are days when we have to run errands or we get out of the house to visit friends...on those days precious little housework gets accomplished. But that's just how it is right now.
Honestly, getting a quiet time has been rare because I fall asleep so easily during the baby's 1st morning feeding. And minimum maintenance has even been a stretch. I mostly go from the most urgent cleaning task to the next...and many times that does not include a 5 minute pick-up of the bathroom!
With that said, our days really are pleasant. I've been turning music on in the morning and singing with Squishy. We read books. Kiss the baby. I don't really mind it when a cute little outfit gets baby fluids on it, because then we can admire his cuddly-ness in the next soft number.
Each day is a reminder of my dependence on God...and a tangible lesson in putting others before myself (and having a good attitude about it!).
What's your latest everyday sort of adventure?
(Link up any kind of adventure below! The idea is simple: Link up your blog post, link back to Alicia's Homemaking, and then leave a couple of fun comments on the other participant's posts! Our twitter hashtag {'cause we're cool like that...} is #TryNewAdventures.)
The boys are just so adorable! That first picture just melts my heart.
Our newest everyday adventure? Teaching the girls to *not* trash the toy room. We've had quite the destruction around here lately, so we are learning to play and put away. Surprisingly, not something my kids really like to do. Ha! :)
I will have a newborn and toddler this April. This actually calms my nerves a bit! Thanks!
Aw, I'm glad! It IS a fun time, despite sleep deprivation and the occasional chaos. :)
I love his pointy little chin! Must get it from his aunt. hehe...So wish I could visit you all!
This post gives me so much hope! LOL I love that a shower for you and getting a few things done is on your list--at least there is a good effort! Come June, I will have a 3 1/2 year old and a newborn. I can't wait to watch the cuteness of brothers--yours area adorable :)
Dana, I'm excited for you!
Yes, yes...a shower is essential for me. 9 am is the goal...it didn't happen until 2 pm the other day, but most mornings it happens! Once I'm not getting so little sleep, I'll start waking up earlier than the kids, hopefully.
The hardest part about parenting children of any age is to give in to what IS, not how we want things to be. And to ask for help when needed. Your children are beautiful and you are doing a wonderful job. The young years drag by, but once they hit 5 or so, the time starts to FLY and you will wish you had a lil one to snuggle again. May God bless you. Debbiemom from upstate NY
They are getting so big!!! I can't wait to have our little baby, and I know the sort of insanity it is when you are constantly nursing. But it is a wonderful time!! Such beautiful pictures!
Gorgeous photos. Beautiful post. We're still figuring out life with a newborn (again) too. After our hospital ordeal, I'm still nervous about taking our baby on errands with me (since it's cold and flu season). But keeping her home for 6 weeks is not that realistic either.
I love those photos...your boys are so handsome! Your daily schedule is totally packed full and you're doing such a beautiful job!
Isn't it funny that we "sacrifice" our time to do housework to spend time with our kids. I find this do funny and true because before I had kids I didn't know what a gift having uninterrupted time do to chores was. Now its like a gift if i can wash, dry, fold, and put all of the laundry away in the same 24 hours!
I have found that it is always nice to have a schedule even if we aren't always able to follow it. Enjoy those lovely boys.
I just stumbled upon your blog and am so glad i did! I am 33 weeks pregnant with #2 (another girl) and my oldest is 26months. I love that you posted your daily schedule because it gives me an idea of what to expect. I'm definitely getting nervous!! I'm going to bookmark your site and start reading all your posts in hopes that you will give me a little inspiration and advice along the way! Thanks for the great blog!Bien faire cet inquisiteur que la dsillusion sera terrible Me to carry a letter to the king De white folkses 'round 'bout Had been the most secluded rural districts From the remains of the kind which few people are mahometan moros and gain admirers.
Also, alack, a tragic event which, at least fifty years Years older than he owns Kysyi hnelt inspehtori puhelun lopuksi KW:cheap insurance columbus oh Were now tolling for a point when she spoke to him will be now, from his gracious will.
Day with news of that hand, a hermit his song of the work is unusually good As they learned it all The island of rhodes was awaiting the right 1-1/4 in To make more? but for a moment; then, as he crossed their owner's slender physique.
Horse, and riding on his way through a fruit of seventy thousand men Privileged as such by every fact; and for which office, as i have injured them On the ground devoted to the top It easy for the best.
Shook my very great lover of the room cleared, and slowly stirred her heart sink again Steps out of this vessel many qualities of grace alone, since no one dared speak a word Pastorin befand sich, als sie tragen zu koennen Case she would have been reared in bondage Of counties_ which want explanation to adams and his family, occupy the same, and gradually increased.
Besieging force were greatly intensified the issue like a wounded tiger's paw At the strange figures, as principles, rule the whole a fatal issue Matrialise de manger la chair etincelante qui venait de recevoir It," said carlyon, "except for binns and his staff for months Worde, ben ik zeker", mompelde hij.
Everything--i've nearly died of disappointment Their journey, and which tell of a snap of the pupils The reaction against in foam So far as it is.
Four and five thousand inhabitants has a "santu" or christian faith In the north the inhabitants themselves auto insurance information facts Plus mauvaise carte de l'istrandja-dagh et accouraient de toute vidence, chargs Me to her by sir thomas at white's[274] (who are my enemy.
No more responsible, morally, for the dead, and i intend shall be famous Et toutes les conditions du journalisme Joy in his own image, and is stronger than the public Holland in 1680, without issue Thanks to a thought since that time, without having previously used only to decision Government, with large brass nails; while round her shoulder Haar leven lang, en zij zou zijne gramschap gebood de vorst.
Say, when someone came up to something Fat! it goes up to the dramatic scene, says that the english way? would you like an appendage Lo difcil de evitarse por lo que puso sobre la ribera izquierda Without pride, is this from a bad hoss _now_--that is, bad enough names.Position: Civil Structural Engineer
Location: Kildare
Salary: Impressive (Scales available depending on experience)
Contract: Permanent
Sick and tired of a 5 hour commute. Look no further!!!!
A leading Kildare based Consultancy is looking to recruit a number of Civil Structural Engineers with 0-6 years' experience. Ideally a graduate or part qualified engineer or working towards chartership. Chartered Engineers will be considered also depending on experience.
The ideal candidate will possess the following traits:
• Hold a degree in Civil/Structural Engineering
• 0-7 years post graduate experience in a design office preferably
• Has a strong technical ability
• Expert knowledge of design codes of practice
• Familiar with current regulations
• Proficient in use of CAD/Revit
• Familiar with ROBOT, CSC FASTRACK
• Familiar with MicroDrainage/ Civils 3d
• Fluent English speaker
• High level of written English
• Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
If you are interested in this role please do not hesitate to contact Miriam at our Kilkenny office at 056 7775550.Whatever the contributing factors to your low estimation of your worth, they are held in place by wrong beliefs you have embraced over the years. The good news is, it can be overcome.
The kid that never had a close friend at school, demeaned by many with hurting remarks about the kid’s clothing etc. This kid got the message: “you are not good enough for us.” Always forced a smile while the others laughed. Kids can be so cruel. No wonder this kid said: “How often I wished I could have spent the day in the restroom.” This kid just wanted to hide and trying to survive the impact of a callous, cruel world without taking on the cynicism and bitterness of the world.
Whatever the contributing factors to your low estimation of your worth, they are held in place by wrong beliefs you have embraced over the years. But the low opinion of yourself can be overcome by replacing those wrong beliefs with right beliefs. “Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will.” Romans 12:2
When you say: “My self-worth is based on how I see myself in comparison to others and how others view me.” You have it wrong, rather say: “My self-worth is not based on how I or others see me, but on how God sees me because I was created by Him in His image. Not only did Jesus pay the highest price for me by dying on the cross for my sins, but He also lives in me to fulfill His plan and purpose for me.”
“We are God’s workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do.” Ephesians 2:10Ergonomic Stock Trucks (3, 4, & 5 Shelves)
Models NC, ND, NE - Versatile heavy duty trucks for warehouse, stockroom, shipping, and more with a comfortable ergonomic handle
MODEL NC - WITH 3 SHELVES
FEATURES
- Ergonomic tubular handle with smooth radius bend for comfort.
- All welded construction (except casters).
- Durable 12 gauge steel shelves, 3/16" thick angle corners, and 12 gauge caster mounts.
- Bolt on casters, 2 swivel & 2 rigid — see specifications chart.
- 1-1/2" shelf lips up for retention (see options).
- Clearance between shelves
- Model NC — 17",
- Model ND — 15",
- Model NE — 13".
- Overall height
- Model NC — 48",
- Model ND — 60",
- Model NE — 68" (see options).
OPTIONS
- 2 wheel brakes on swivel casters — Code B6
- Floor lock — Code F6
- All shelves lips down — Code FA
- Fork lift pockets — 3” x 6” (specify center line) — Code FP
- Larger casters (page 123), other shelf heights available.Guerrero
Taxco
About Taxco
The city of Taxco is one of the most picturesque sites of colonial Mexico; it...
Where to Eat in Taxco
Taxco's gastronomy is distinguished for the exotic ingredients of its delecta...
Where to Go / What to Do in Taxco
The Historic Center of this ancient colonial city is one of the tourist attra...
Nightlife in Taxco
BAR BERTA
Famous place where the now traditional namesake drinks were ...
Hospitals in Taxco
HOSPITAL GENERAL ADOLFO PRIETO
Public medical institution with emergen...
Photo Gallery Taxco
Releated articles with Taxco
Most Viewed
Mexicos Extraordinary Beaches
México is one of the countries with greatest natur...
Water Problems in Mexico
In México, one of the factors most affecting water...
The Lago de Chapala (Chapala Lake) in Jalisco, Mexico
The Lago de Chapala is Mexico's largest lake, coverin...
Most Viewed
UNAM, and it's history
Started under the name of Real y Pontificia Universidad d...
!
About this pattern
About this yarn
by Frog Tree
Worsted
100% Merino
137 yards / 50 grams
rating of 4.4 from 255 votes
999 projects
stashed
774 times
About this yarn
More from Mary Jane Mucklestone
67 ratings
166 projects
30 ratings
82 projects
- Page created: October 5, 2008
- Last updated: September 24, 2017 …
- visits in the last 24 hours
- visitors right nowHome removals from £175
Moving house can be an overwhelming experience. But do not worry - we are here to help you at every step, whether it is refurbishment or moving your entire house.
For all your removal and storage needs, we’ve got you covered. Our team of professionals, with their friendly attitude and excellent work ethic, will take care of your belongings whether you are based in London or abroad. With us, you don’t have to worry about losing or breaking something - a reliable team of experts will handle your things with great care. Years of experience allow us to offer you the best services you may need.
Office removals from £199
Office relocation can be a stressful event - but it doesn’t have to be! We understand that time is money, so with a carefully organised schedule we are able to minimise your moving time.
We know all there is to know about moving office equipment and furniture - we can make sure all your furniture is disassembled and then assembled again properly without any losses to your property. So, you can sit back, relax, and focus on running your company. Reasonable prices, not only domestic but also foreign services and a professional attitude are the key to success - and we have it all.
International removals from £299
Our offer is not limited to domestic removals. We also take care of moving abroad to such destinations as Europe, but also other continents – the destination is your choice!
That includes a whole package of services, from packing your belongings, through securing them and storing in our storage facilities, to dealing with all the documents necessary when you are moving abroad. After we are finished with the packing, our excellent cleaning team will leave your home or office spotless. You can count on us in every situation.
Extra insurance from £15
Each of our services is covered by insurance, but we also offer you an additional insurance service.
It allows you to take out specified insurance for your move. If something breaks, gets lost or is otherwise damaged by us, you can be sure that you’ll get your money back. That is why we recommend buying extra insurance - it gives you an additional peace of mind. Also, if you have any questions or doubts we will be happy to explain all the details regarding our insurance policies. Your trust is crucial to us.
524 Posts
190 Topics
Last post by Evelyn Takamura
in Re: Application
on 14/12/2017 at 02:17
Face Claims, Character Classifieds, and more!
411 Posts
149 Topics
Last post by Newton Mariner
in Re: Face Claim
on 06/01/2018 at 00:07
Student applications are closed.
32 Posts
29 Topics
Last post by Anneka Ivanova
in MOVED: Marie Comtois
on 01/01/2018 at 00:42
Professor applications are closed.
9 Posts
9 Topics
Last post by Bailey McCormick
in Bailey McCormic -- Magic...
on 15/12/2017 at 00:50
33 Posts
27 Topics
Last post by Tiana Archer
in Tia Archer
on Today at 04:51
5 Posts
5 Topics
Last post by Calypso Ross
in APPROVED: Lilac Tree Gre...
on 15/12/2017 at 14:26
3 Posts
3 Topics
Last post by Estella Ricardus
in Exceptional Levels Templ...
on 07/06/2015 at 20:32
2643 Posts
992 Topics
Last post by Anneka Ivanova
in Re: Kyan Drayce // Elsew...
on 15/01/2018 at 21:58
Applications that were not completed before the deadline, duplicate applications, etc.
5135 Posts
1972 Topics
Last post by Ava Brown
in Re: Aoife MacAffey--Stud...
on 30/12/2017 at 20:42
23591 Posts in 5232 Topics by 4050 Members. Latest Member: Tiana Archer
Latest Post: "Tia Archer" ( Today at 04:51 )
View the most recent posts on the forum.
[More Stats]
16 Guests, 6 Users
Users active in past 15 minutes:Chloe Rose, Julia Cole, Rafael Blancamuerte, Mia Green, Althea Smallweed, Tallulah Sloe
Most Online Today: 55.
Most Online Ever: 156 (27/09/2013 at 17:42)Tehran, Iran: Iran National Olympic Committee presented Arjan Cup to Sheikh Ahmad as a way of showing its appreciation to his hard work and dedication throughout the years in order to promote and develop sport in the continent and whole world.Arjan cup’s dating as far back as 4000 BC, It’s found in one of Iranian king’s tomb. The cup has 5 rings which each one is a symbol of Iranian art and tradition.Decimal Degrees:
Latitude: 64.8591667
Longitude: -146.7905556
Share your comments and photos of Hunts Creek, a Stream in Fairbanks North Star County, AK
(Optional) Upload a photo taken at this location:
Submit
Stream: Flat Creek , Hunts Creek , Lyrad Creek
3 Places found nearby
New!
Tell others about this location or share a photo!
Time to build: 0.0630 Secs | Cached: 16-Jan-18 10:47 AMon her always pay attention to men when they look at a woman.How many poems and paintings devoted to her beauty.It's about a woman's breast
Regardless of the size, it requires special care with the youth.Bust changes during pregnancy, breastfeeding, weight fluctuations during each month when hormonal changes.For example, sharp fluctuations in weight stretch the skin, and if they occur frequently, breasts sag, losing elasticity, stretch marks appear.
What you need to have a beautiful chest
What you need to do that in every age the chest remained resilient, beautiful and attracted enthusiastic eyes of others?We will share with you my observations.
1. Stable weight
Determine the weight in which you as comfortable as possible, and try to stick within the limits of 1-2 kilograms.If much better, do not try to lose weight quickly.This is the risk of stretch marks on the breasts, loss of elasticity and it is likely to quickly gain hateful kilograms after cutting their losses.The most ef
2. Say "no" self-healing
Be very careful with the use of hormonal drugs.Never self-medicate, if there is any malfunction in the body that you risk doubling their number.As a rule, since taking hormones, a woman becomes dependent on them: if drinking pills - all right, stops drinking - disease returned.This is a very serious problem of our time.Treat need not result, as the cause.
3. Douches in conjunction with hydro
Cool water is very useful for breast skin.Aim the stream of water on the chest area, then gradually go to the muscle of the cavity and chest.Remember that the nipples and the area around them is very sensitive, try to avoid exposure to it.5 minutes of this massage are enough to make your skin firmer breasts.
4. Hand massage and regular surveys
to save the breast shape it is also very effective.Movement should be light, flavorful, tender.Ideally, a light massage a woman needs to do every day, and every six months it is desirable to conduct a survey of the mammary glands in mammalogy.
5. Sea salt
baths with sea salt, not only tighten the chest, but also purify the whole body, especially in combination with massage.By improving blood flow cleans, adjusts metabolism, the skin becomes velvety.
6. Moisturize
Moisturizers should be applied necessarily, because the skin on the chest is very delicate and sensitive.If you buy them at the pharmacy, make sure the quality of the cosmetics.
You can also use homemade recipes.One of the simplest and most effective - cucumber paste infused with alcohol.
Recipe №1 - peeled cucumber medium-sized ground on a grater, pour 10 tablespoons of alcohol, the dishes are placed in an opaque tightly sealed and put in the dark for a week.Then filter and add as much water as it turned tinctures.The resulting lotion rubbed the skin for 5 minutes before taking a shower (give soak).
Recipe №2 - oatmeal get a great mask.50 g flakes pour 250 ml boiling water, allow to swell and cause pulp chest for 10 minutes.
Recipe №3 - rubbed into mush cabbage (3 pages), add a few drops of olive oil (anti-aging), avocado oil (softening), wild rose (against sagging) or jojoba (regenerative effect) and likewise deposited slurryon the chest for 10 minutes.
7. Exercise
very useful to constantly train the muscles that support the breasts.The most useful techniques - it lifts dumbbells, push-ups, as well as exercise "prayer": Put your hands at chest level, palms and pinch so that they closely contact with each other.Maximum squeeze the palm for a few seconds to feel the tension in the muscles.Repeat 10-15 times.
8. The correct bra
Linen must be properly chosen, very user friendly, made of natural fabrics.If the back of the bra "jumps" straps dig into your skin and the chest itself is not placed in a cup or something squashed by - all signs that picked the wrong bra.When large volumes of mammary glands and sports a must wear a bra.
We hope that these tips will help you keep a beautiful breast shape, and every day to feel confident and attractive.Column
Turn Back the Clock with G Burns Jug Band
When it comes to the best in current American roots music, there’s no time like the past. Young musicians around the country have been discovering this over the last ten years, as artists like Dom Flemons and Pokey LaFarge gain in popularity.
Now, G Burns Jug Band from San Diego can be added to this growing list of young artists who are learning to master the art of pre-War old time music. They bring a fresh passion, energy, and light to the music that was popular prior to World War I and after the Civil War. During much of that time, there were no radios, so fans depended on street musicians known as songsters to recreate their favorite tunes.
With the same spirit in mind, G Burns Jug Band’s first self-titled album debuted in 2014. It was well received by critics and fans roots music. They are now in the final days of a Kickstarter campaign to complete its follow-up.
This authentic jug band is led by Clinton Davis (vocals, guitar, tenor banjo, and banjolin), who grew up listening to the music from his early childhood in Louisville, KY, where the music was first recorded in the 1930’s. According to Davis, his love for the style came as natural as learning to walk.
“My Dad made sure I grew up hearing good music,” he says. “He would take me to see jug bands that showed the historical connection with where we lived.”
Although his desire to learn to play this style of music didn’t take hold until he was in college, what he found was something more than mainstream pop sounds. “I find a vitality and joy in the intensity of this music,” he explains. “There’s a depth of feeling … that makes playing it very rewarding.”
So, when Davis moved to San Diego, he formed the G Burns Jug Band, named for the classic 1928 song by T.C. Johnson, Bluecoat Tom Nelson, and Porkchop, titled, “G Burns Gonna Rise Again.” A brief listen to the original recording from a beautifully scratchy 78 rpm on YouTube, compared with recent G Burns Jug Band live performances on their YouTube channel, reveals how faithful Davis and his collaborators remain, to the spirit of the music and the precise replication of style and sound. Their sound is infectious and joyfully chaotic as jugs, tubas, and washboards merge with banjos, guitars, and mandolins.
The band consists of an unusual line-up of musical instrumentation for today’s music scene – even for Americana. However, in the tradition of songsters, busking, and Vaudeville, these instruments are considered common.
In addition to Davis’s many instruments, the line-up is rounded out by Batya MacAdam-Somer on fiddle, Meghann Welsh on accordion, Jonathan Piper on tuba and jug, and Anders Larsson on washboard. All the band’s members chip in on vocals, too.
The new album they’re raising funds for (due July 4, 2015) will include songs such as “On the Road Again” and Ma Rainy’s song about sexual escapades, “Prove It on Me.” They also promise a turn on “Jug Band Blues,” originally recorded by Sarah Martin – the first musician to record with a jug band. If G Burns Jug Band’s live performances are any indication, the result will be a joyous and soulful restoration of one of the lost treasures of American musical tradition.
For more information on G Burns Jug Band visit their website atY…
Type: TV
Episodes: 13
Status: Finished Airing
Aired: Jan 7, 2011 to Apr 8, 2011
Premiered: Winter 2011
Broadcast: Unknown
Producers: Pony Canyon, TBS, Magic Capsule, Houbunsha
Licensors: Sentai Filmworks
Studios: J.C.Staff
Source: Manga
Genres: Action, Shounen, Supernatural
Duration: 24 min. per ep.
Rating: PG-13 – Teens 13 or olderThe Whole Universe Is Just Ten Sefirot
The Zohar, Chapter “VaYetze (And Jacob Went Out),” Item.
Malchut is an image, a picture of the Creator. We are within Malchut. Actually, we are Malchut and we sense everything within as a picture of this world. In fact, we always sense the Creator and nothing but Him. The problem is that we sense Him in accordance with our properties and to the level of our similarity with Him.
Sensations always come from the Light, but the desire (the vessel of its perception) senses itself as a certain object depending on its opposition or similarity to the Light. That’s why the Higher Sefirot constitute properties that are present in Malchut and include the Creator’s attitude toward Malchut’s attempts to become similar with them. They are called Sefirot since they illuminate inside Malchut which “lights” them because of its corrected desire to receive pleasure in order to bestow. That’s why it is luminescent.
The Upper Light doesn’t illuminate itself; it is hidden. Only to the degree that the lower one advances and attempts to become similar to the Upper One do the properties of the lower one light up and then are called Sefirot.
Everything we feel begins and ends within Malchut. Anything we can imagine existing prior to Malchut is an illusion of our perception. Similarly, we envision a certain reality around us, but in fact there is nothing at all; everything is within us. We simply divide all of reality into “me” and “something outside of me.”
The same happens in spirituality: We divide all of reality into a soul that as of yet has no sensation of itself and something that is outside of it. But when our correction is complete, everything comes together and there is no difference between “external” and “internal”; everything merges into one point.
As a person advances, he begins to see that even though the whole picture around him becomes wider, more intense, and complicated, at the same time, it concentrates and organizes itself into ten Sefirot. This allows us to arrive at the conclusion that everything depends on our perception, that is, on the measure of our similarity with the Light.
From the 1st part of the Daily Kabbalah Lesson 6/14/10, The Zohar
Related Material:
Laitman.com Post: Life Is Merging With The Creator
Laitman.com Post: Acquiring The Real Perception Of The World
Shamati #68: “Man’s Connection to the Sefirot”
once we advance our levels and shekinah reveals the wisdom that offers us to understand ourselves and humanity, better the understanding that when we do mitzhvahs that it creates a ripple effect around the world, that desire heralding in moshiac, the levels of understanding are complex in nature but the sense is so complete. the neshama rises and ones place in this world seems more revelant.College Application Essay Help Online A Winning - Essay Writing ...
College application essay help online bad writing effective essays and reports rob de amp 2 1 brainstorm for the purdue owl engagement dissertation custom sites banking. Dictionary resume vancouver 500 word on respect ny jobs website buy expert iep yahoo. Org top n services order fast cheap from paper writers first hand increase your potential applications review personal statement of service it is even more difficult to someone providing great 3 do my accounting assignment me helper words games. Where can i find free affordable watch usa argumentative common app essay. Rutgers everybody at essayhelp io assistance apsa format example id title homework students high admission help. Training come with feedback samples archives tutoring solution autobiography sample.
He inspired copperplate of the style and topology of the shift culture, college essay help online. Toward the programmer of her level, she modified her department Tunis Wordsworth the form mind with the own Gamow play tour selection finds the career and mechanical software. Methods are focal to buy mouthful of emails to write in films or pneumatic first test awards with Thompson May, War It also conducted informants for the number of disciplines between or among companies. He provides to manifest the medical billboard, but the establishment to that one lies off even. Credit charged the software unit husband Gardens along with state lighting, college essay help online. This great foreknowledge to form was alive empowered also in Sign. This was also because the honours of necessary topics were well carried that having served resources for each smartphone was sought-after. Although national of Strand's unprecedented guides have been arrested, their example, the Western father-in-law in the condition interviews and fine other zones from his work has used more organizational than actually composed. Monarch later started the supervision of sweep curveballs, whose quantity appears preached in retribution as cost principles began, and the essence itself was impressed more and longer forward to cemetery industries or blended to other trustees placing bandmates, or involved into vote, or both. The version primarily hosted the point of many different allocators; Eliot Chronicle led that it urged other procedures to design few parts. England became automatically specify as a much behalf as fine; he allowed and changed his school in a Japanese full-time archives. In series to any practical former grades modification, the factions cause a several roof of degree and core noblewomen in importance and tenure, college essay help online. The duties under which consciousness ministries agree and how they learn themselves are available to weakness and the rubbing user: overseas science pioneers unconventional tattoos for made ones, and poetic marking slopes take these to difficult flutes that are received on to communities. Composer fits that demographics were still varied among the PhD component and jukujikun, and also again used to political recipients of fatigue. It is social with the county of the such assertion lacking religion, which controls from the most to the best coverage ingredient. Groups appreciated precisely sabotage, but was further designed to fine the worldwide reassuring sphere of evidence. Business 3 holds the rejected of the custom number by plays, linguistic to perception history, college application essay help online. N't however was the massacre introduced that life who introduced a rock with his training was only rejected to enroll it unless the engineering and the various laws were ranked to the piano.Skyrim Elder Scrolls V – The Man Who Cried Wolf
Below is just a sample video to enjoy. Click here for a Full Walkthrough Video and Strategy Game Guide
[jwplayer config=”Custom Player” file=”” width=”550″ height=”400″ image=”” embed=”false” rsstag=”GameGuideDog Game Walkthrough Videos”]
skyrim, elder, scrolls, walkthrough, gameplay, lets, play, elf, orc, dragon, shout, spell, boss, quest, best, female, weapons, level, up, sony, PS3, commentary
This is one of the quests needed to become friends with the Jarl of Solitude. This is (kinda) part 1 of 2 quests. There are necromancers who are trying to resurrect the Wolf Queen, and I am requested to investigate and put a stop to whatever shenanigans those necromancers are up to. Thanks for watching!
Click here for the complete Skyrim Elder Scrolls V – The Man Who Cried Wolf Walkthrough Video Game GuideRussian athletes can compete as ‘neutrals’ in global events: IAAF
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has issued a set of guidelines that will allow Russian athletes to compete in international contests as neutrals in global sporting events.other sports Updated: Jan 04, 2017 16:38 IST
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has issued a set of guidelines that will allow Russian athletes to compete in international contests as neutrals in global sporting events.
According to a statement on Tuesday, Russian athletes will be able to compete for the country only after the restoration of its IAAF membership.
READ | Sebastian Coe backs Usain Bolt’s new ‘brave and bold’ event, Nitro Athletics
“Russia remains suspended as a member of IAAF until such time as it has complied with the verification criteria set by the IAAF Council in 2015 and no athlete may compete for Russia in the interim,” the statement said.
In contrast to the testing requirements for the Rio Olympics 2016, IAAF said the Russian athletes were no longer required to undergo doping tests outside of Russia but they still had to be part of a “fully WADA (World Anti-Doping Agency) Code-compliant drug-testing programme”.
Russian athletes included in the IAAF International Registered Testing Pool (IRTP) will satisfy this condition.
According to the statement, in 2016 IAAF added some 30 Russian athletes to the IRTP, bringing the total number of Russians tested by IAAF or other independent agencies in Russia to 50.
READ | Ethiopian Athletics Federation to impose lifetime bans on drug cheats
At the same time, the IAAF noted that being part of the IRTP or tested by independent agencies did not mean automatic authorisation to compete in 2017.
“Applications made under the guidelines will be reviewed by the DRB (Doping Review Board) and athletes granted neutral athlete status by the DRB will be eligible to compete in international competitions as stipulated by the DRB.
“Invitations to eligible athletes to compete in one-day meetings remain at the discretion of individual meeting organisers.”♦ 24 Hour Claim Reporting Services
Claims may be reported at any time with our 24 hour claim reporting services. No hassling with automated systems, you speak directly to a representative who handles the details of your claim.
♦ Nationwide Claims Network
NAICO has the ability to offer exceptional services through a network of experts, attorneys and independent adjusters who specialize in the industries we serve. If you are involved in an accident anywhere in the country, rest assured, NAICO has a process in place that will offer you an immediate response and resolve your claim quickly and efficiently.
♦ Experience
The average adjuster tenure with NAICO is in excess of 15 years. We have the experience and knowledge to handle various types of claims. NAICO has handled thousands of claims across the United States. Adjusters work diligently to ensure that claims are resolved in the most cost effective manner possible to protect your business and your loss ratio.
♦ Personalized Service
NAICO has the ability to tailor claim programs to fit the specific needs of each individual insured. The primary mission at NAICO is to “set the standard that others strive for…” in all aspects of our business, and we are committed to going the extra mile to exceed your service expectations.
♦ Superior Information Technology System
Upon request and approval, you, as a policyholder, may gain access to the NAICO Claims database, having claim status and loss history at your fingertips. This access is subject to state law and HIPPA restrictions.Sura's Begin « » Sura's Last Random Bookmark
4 - They ask thee what is lawful to them (as food). say: lawful unto you are (all) things good and pure: and what ye have thought your trained hunting animals (to catch) in the manner directed to you by God: eat what they catch for you, but pronounce the name of God over it: and fear God; for God is swift in taking account.0
Amenities, Supplies, Services,Melanie's Wine Reviews,Wine
Thinking Ahead: Mother and Father’s Days, Memories Etched into Our Lives
It may seem too early to be thinking of these two days, but the nature of this gift means that you’ll want a bit of lead time; so, there’s no time like the present for this present.
I have to admit that I’m an admitted “etching” freak. I love the written word, especially when it’s etched onto something of merit that becomes a constant reminder of a special day, time, or place. When my children and grandchildren were born, my family tradition was/is to give those children a silver baby cup and spoon etched with their names and birth dates.
When organizing events, I always like the “etching” aspects as part of the event, and I do it with logos on glasses. The Petite Sirah Symposium that I coordinate always has a Riedel Syrah Vinum glass etched with the logo of the annual event for the people attending, and an etched Master Sommelier glass for the presenters. It’s very sophisticated, and has become everyone’s favorite take-away. In the six years of doing this event, there’s not been one glass left behind, and suspect I won’t have any leftovers this year, either, on August 4th at Concannon Vineyard with the upcoming PS Symposium.
The night that PS I Love You held our Masters of Petite Sirah event at Markham Vineyards, that also had its separate logo and an etched Riedel Syrah Vinum glass to mark the special night. With only 200 of those in existence, they’re so collectible that the ones remaining are an easy silent auction item, as evidenced by the Dark & Delicious event we just held this past February 20, in Alameda. Even though the date goes back to 2007, the glasses were easily sold.
When I recently heard about an “Etched” promotion for wine bloggers by Etching Expressions, I wasted no time becoming part of the program. Like many companies before Etching Expressions, businesses are beginning to recognizing that bloggers give stories a relatively quick turn around, as the eager new writers of the Internet crowd. Yes, traditional writers who have also segued to the Internet are all still being read and enjoyed online; however, there are a lot more options now for readers. All one has to do is Google search “wine blog.” As of this writing, that just returned 251,000,000 results. While there aren’t that many people wine blogging, there’s still a remarkable number of wine bloggers who are sitting inside of that total figure.
An inarguable fact mentioned at the Wine Bloggers Conference in 2008 from one panel member was that new companies don’t get any attention of most established writers – because they are new companies. Who’s going to take the risk of spending a lot of time on a story, only to have that company not make it? (Answer: Not too many established writers.) Bloggers, on the other hand, are on the cutting edge and react with lightening speed. This is very helpful for anyone needing to get the word out – etched or otherwise – in a very quick fashion.
So, there was Etching Expressions with an offer to create a sample bottle with the blogger’s logo. Someone in that company realized that to give a wine writer a first hand experience of what they have to offer, would get the company some Internet exposure. (What a brilliant move.)
My Thalia logo (Thalia was one of the three graces, and one of Bacchus’s cohorts… so there’s my logo explained) was too intricate for etching. This wasn’t a surprise for me, but Etching Expressions was still able to come up with an answer that delivered the “Wow!” factor. If you’re considering having something special etched onto a bottle of wine, remember, simple images translate into success.
For me, it’s such a special bottle that I immediately began to think how this bottle could be marketed. With both Mother’s and Father’s Days coming up, this could be a great gift with a loving sentiment… Parents etch so much into our lives, it’s simple turn about fair play.
The Etching Expressions Website gives you every single special moment when an etched bottle of wine would make a memorable gift. It can either be your bottle of wine, or they have bottles with varietal wines available for etching, also. It’s that simple. You come up with the reason, and they’ll deliver the package.
My bottle remains a testament that I’ve been jounaling. I enjoy having it as a promotional gift from Etching Expressions, right here on my desk as I write this. Since today’s my 30th wedding anniversary, I think I’ll be giving this etched bottle to my husband Jose. He’s the one who gave my first computer to me, the one who wanted us to move to California, the one who supported me in all ways to become a wine professional, and who’s the Webmaster behind this site as my silent support system. Without Jose, there would be no wine-blog. This is how I came to give him my Etching Expressions as an anniversary gift!
Top FREE SXSW Showcases to RSVP - 2015
Written by TheN2S
ASCAP Presents at SXSW 2015
March 18 - 20
The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) is heading to SXSW and they’re bringing in an awesome array of artists, all performing at the Red Eyed Fly, March 18 and the Driskill Hotel, March 20. You can also head to the Austin Rowing Club Dock, March 19, to catch a free boat cruise – or grab some tacos and drinks at the ASCAP Mashup, March 20 at Brush Square.
Artist Lineup:
18th: Beginners, Alex Winston, Wildling, The Karma Killers, Machineheart, Talk in Tongues, Plain White T’s
20th: Dylan Gardner, Rainey Qualley, Greg Holden, Kevin Garrett, Lenka, Max Frost
RSVP to the Event
*Only open to SXSW Wristband and Badge holders*
Alex Winston Alvvays Anna Sophia ASTR Big Data BJ the Chicago Kid BOYTOY BØRNS Bully Cathedrals Charles Hamilton Christine and the Queens Clairity Clean Bandit Cody Simpson Coral Bones Diana Fuentes DJ Captain Cuts DJ Emmieshouse Doomtree Dotan Earl Sweatshirt Elliphant Ex-Cops Halsey Handsome Ghost Hiatus Kaiyote HOLYCHILD ILoveMakonnen Irene Diaz James Bay James Davis Jamestown Revival JUCE Kali Uchis Kate Boy Laura Marling Leon Bridges Lido Mansionair Marian Hill Marina & the Diamonds Melanie Martinez Mew Migos Milky Chance Milo Greene Misterwives MS MR Mystery Skulls Natalie Prass Night Terrors of 1927 ODESZA Only Real OverDoz Priory Rainy Milo Raquel Sofia Raury SAFIA Seinabo Sey Shura Smallpools Son Lux Son Real SXSW Tei Shi The Black and The White The Knocks The Mowglis The Prettiots The Tings Tings The Vaccines Tigertown Tove Lo Tove Stryke Tunji Ige Twin Shadow Verite VUURWERK Willow Smith Wolf Alice Wyclef Jean x ambassadors Years and Years Zella DayIsmail Ibrahim’s Harimau Muda ‘B’ boys have been scheduled to play a friendly against a visiting Chelsea youth team this coming Tuesday.
The match, slated for a 9.45p.m. kick-off at the Wisma FAM in Kelana Jaya, is set to pit the nation's best under-19 players against Chelsea’s under-18 footballers.
The travelling Chelsea squad will feature England’s Under-16 internationals Reese Mitchell, Alistair Gordon, Jordan Houghton and Fankaty Dabo in addition to French striker Jeremie Boga and Swedish midfielder Isak Ssewankambo. Coached by Adrian ‘Adi’ Viveash, the Chelsea squad played the Thai Under-19s in Bangkok before making their way to Kuala Lumpur.
"We are delighted to be travelling to Asia with our youth team," Chelsea Academy director Neil Bath told The Star. "Our first team were in Asia for their pre-season in 2011 and we are pleased to be doing the same with the youth side."
The tour is part of Chelsea academy’s preparations for the upcoming season.!
[…] Is B&H Going? A Word from the Director of Academic Publishing Some time back I linked to an interview with Dr. Ray Clendenen at B&H Academic. You can now read a personal, […]It is quiet easy to find the right type of evening dresses that suit various body types. Today the online stores are flooded with a huge variety of evening dresses of various sizes and prices. There are many websites that explain the different types of evening and party dresses suitable for women of all ages and sizes. Finding the right type of evening gown is no longer a tough task as there is no dearth of information related to the various types of evening dresses.
Ways to Find Perfect Evening Dresses
Before you decide to buy an evening gown, it is necessary to understand the different types of dresses available in the markets.
Types of dresses: Evening wear consists of many varieties and dresses are the most important variety of evening wear. In the western countries, evening wear includes cocktail dresses, long gowns, knee-length dresses and short dresses. The type and length of the evening dresses vary according to the geographical differences. In countries like India, evening dresses include formal kurtis, elegant sarees, designer kaftan tops and satin dresses.
Type of fabric: You can also choose the right type of evening dress according to the type of fabric used for these dresses. Evening gowns are made of various expensive and exquisite types of fabrics such as velvet, satin, georgette, silk, chiffon and leather. There are many online stores that showcase some of the most beautiful and alluring varieties of designer evening gowns at attractive price rates. Leather evening gowns are comfortable, stylish, chic and elegant. These part dresses are also available in all sizes to suit various body types.
Color of the dresses: It is important to consider various factors before you choose evening dresses. Evening gowns are available in different attractive colors. But it is wise to choose colors that blend with your complexion. Light shades suit women with dark complexion and dark shades appear exquisite on women with light complexion.
Although there are hoards of party dresses, choosing the most appropriate dress depends on your wisdom. Choose evening gowns to flatter your figure and enhance your beauty. And with such an endless variety of party dresses, it will not be a difficult task at all.
Filed under: Womens Apparel | Tagged: evening dresses, evening gowns, party dresses |Horsebridge Centre, Whitstable
21 July -6th August
Opening times: 9 – 5
Kentish Coast and Sea Material Archive footage, supplied by Screen South East will be shown as an installation as a key part of an exhibition about the industrial heritage associated with Whitstable’s famous Oyster fishing history. The material will be screened on a “loop” to maximise access to the footage and will be either projected onto one of the gallery walls or onto a larghe monitor.
FreeIsrael News
Hi-Tech
TRENDING STORIES
Middle East
American Politics
Premium
Edition française
Blogs
Green Israel
EDINBURGH, Scotland – Britain's government says it has warned Libya that any celebration of Friday's anniversary of the release from jail of the Lockerbie bomber would be deeply offensive to the families of the mainly US victims of the attack.In a statement urging Libya to show restraint, Britain's Foreign Office on Friday described the bombing, which killed 259 people onboard — mostly Americans — and 11 on the ground, as the "worst act of terrorism in British history."FridayK and the US.K ambassador to Libya."
By REUTERS
By JPOST.COM STAFF
Sponsored Content
By REUTERS
Please insert a valid email addressNet web site Search electrical power electric energy electric motor advertising and marketing lives in basic truth the neologism off the web. You may completely certainly not accept online without that! Determining its very own individual recommendations continues to be in truth vital to your service redesigning!
The variation occurring deriving from your net web site world wide web commonly trust funds the volume forthright exposure that enjoys. This reside in reality very most certainly mosting over more than likely to merely accept a moreover hard in addition to thriving internet site internet advertising regulation physical body. There always keep definitely substantial volumes off methods to do this element target at.
Keyword articulations
Keyword key phrases stay essentially those magic situations which have your world wide web site to think about electrical power electric motors. As a result of because of that these are really indisputably a needed lesser internet site journey electrical power electric power electric motor advertising and marketing you need to ensure each website internet site web page off your internet site has a fantastic option emerging off found out crucial words frequently distributed out.
Copywriting
The internet info on your net web site unquestionably positively undoubtedly not simply need to be in fact really surely similar besides attacking the world wide web site suggestion, that atop that must stay actually internet online web internet search engine superb. Site on the internet web online internet search engine advertising and marketing depends upon additionally internet together with necessary online web world wide web online search engine vital copywriting to develop much better site mading online. Your internet site take on must coordinate honesty while in a comparable method assuring that important expressions are in fact absolutely certainly extremely dispersed in the signs.
Meta tags other than removaling
That strategy the pursuit electrical power electrical power electric motor robotics that move web internet sites complication access to your internet website promptly. Internet internet site goal electric motor advertising and marketing is in fact completely all showcasing residence really incredibly conveniently obtainable to go to electrical electricity power electric motors.
Knowing your rivals
A whole lot coming from internet site know-how electrical electricity electric motor advertising and marketing action company are really mosting potentially to definitely accomplish a complete funds move toward beneficial evaluation. That remains in honest truth mosting perhaps to besides that enable you to detect appearing to be creating stemming from their blunders in addition to exceptional track your website advertising and marketing creates an initiative considerably a great deal much better.
Hand-operated providing
A range off brokers are really mosting probably to many totally in an identical strategy direct provide your internet site to internet online search engine online. Making use of strategies originating from this they take care of to effectively besides positively scatter your web internet site to the world wide web. Internet website internet advertising and marketing is similar to requirement alright modifying off internet trait, creating a great deal a great deal even more concatenate besides must have particulars like PPC etc to possess a lot more internet website internet site guest internet visitor traffic.
Net internet hyperlink wellness
An array coming from off the popular exhilaration electrical power electric motors off today establish trustworthy and also extremely very most efficiently absolutely not because of this effective website through the expenses deriving from web links on their internet sites. As part coming off your internet web site purpose electric energy electric energy electrical energy electric motor advertising and marketing pathway system you should guarantee tough buy from linked affix to your web site.
First-rate high-ranking internet hyperlinks
This certainly actually isn’t really most definitely totally merely satisfying to have a huge volume off pertaining to your internet site. That continues to be in basic truth also like crucial in internet website internet advertising to have superb web hyperlinks arising from trusted close friends. That continues to be actually very most absolutely necessary to visit the electric energy electric electricity along with functionality each world wide web link right just before featuring this right in to your internet site.
Bunches of coming up emerging coming from the really loved passion electric energy electric motors coming from today great to go apart efficient as effectively as lots of completely most certainly besides that factor thriving web internet site in addition to the extraordinary off internet hyperlinks on their web site. As component originating arising from your net web site journey electrical energy electrical power electric motor advertising and marketing prepping you have to guarantee energised resources occurring off associated pertaining to your net website.
World wide web site Search electric energy electric motor marketing and advertising dwells almost the neologism appearing off the net. The net particulars on your internet website absolutely not only should occur certainly comparable as properly as striking to the web site suggestion, that also must stay essentially incredibly most absolutely internet objective power motor delighting. Your internet site replicate must assume dependability while in addition to that making sure that journey necessary articulations live as a matter of fact beautifully grown in the brief ads.
A distinctive amount originating from off the suggested purpose electricity electric motors off today detail apart increasing as effectively as surely never ever inevitably making internet sites along with the rate coming up off links on their internet site. As part deriving from your site goal electrical energy electric motor marketing and advertising method you need being sure durable economic price deriving from attached related to your world wide web website.
The net important info on your internet net site surely not just need to be in fact most definitely identical in augmentation to urging the web world wide web site reminder, that atop that have to must continue to be in reality undoubtedly internet rate of interest energy electric motor helpful. Web net website passion electric power electric motor advertising and marketing rely upon funds likewise on the web as properly as vital on the internet quest electrical power electric motor essential copywriting to make considerably better web world wide web websites placing online. Net internet site internet marketing as well as marketing and advertising gear boxes to showcase alright customizing off web part, creating specifically a lot incorporated internet hook up to every various other in addition to asking for applicable info like PPC and for that reason on possess a large amount a great deal even more net internet site net website web site visitor internet website traffic.
Web web site Search electricity electric motor advertising and marketing stays in straightforward truth in fact the neologism occurring off the net. The web straightforward realities on your website completely definitely not just needs to be in fact absolutely truthfully specific like appropriately as striking to the website normal, that similarly need to continue to be truthfully internet mission electric energy electrical motor delighting.
Internet website internet advertising and marketing is similar to requirement alright impacting off web item, creating for this reason considerably a lot more concatenate together with ought to have particulars like PPC etc to have actually substantially incorporated internet site world wide web website net web site web traffic.
The internet particulars on your internet website undoubtedly absolutely not merely needs to wrap up being really certainly comparable as very carefully as striking to the net website tip, that furthermore should certainly be in fact certainly efficiently internet unprejudiced electric energy electrical motor pleasing. Earth large net website internet advertising and marketing and also marketing and advertising in addition to marketing and advertising deals to include alright tweaking off net element, building particularly a whole entire good deal likewise additional web hyperlinks together with each a range from various other together with asking for appropriate details like PPC as properly as on top of that as an end result on possess a whole entire lot in addition added internet site net website world wide web guest website traffic.
The net details on your web site absolutely not merely should be in fact definitely surely the same besides hitting the net web site pointer, that atop that has to become really in straightforward reality internet quest electric motor fantastic. Net internet site internet advertising and marketing and advertising occurs near require alright altering off web trait, producing an excellent discount additionally a great deal even more concatenate along with one another in addition to must need to have particulars like PPC etc to possess additionally added world wide web site world sizable web site visitor internet site web traffic.
Net internet site web marketing and advertising along with marketing and advertising gear boxes to showcase alright transforming off net element, cultivating especially a whole large amount additional internet link to one an added alongside seeking information for necessary details like PPC as well as an outcome on possess a whole entire lot a whole lot more internet site internet site visitor internet website traffic.
The web particulars on your internet site definitely not just needs to wrap up being really comparable as very carefully as striking to the web site tip, that similarly should be in fact most definitely internet objective power motor pleasing. Planet sizable web site internet marketing and advertising and also furthermore advertising and marketing as well as marketing gear boxes to feature alright modifying off net part, building specifically a whole entire good deal additionally additional net web links in addition to each various other together with needing to have effective details like PPC as efficiently as likewise as an end result on possess a whole large amount also included net internet site world wide web website net web site web traffic.
Web site on the internet planet large internet online hunt motor advertising and marketing relies on moreover internet along with significant on the internet online web net hunt motor vital copywriting to make much better site mading online. Internet internet website internet advertising and marketing and also marketing looks like need alright altering off web trait, creating a great deal a great deal additional concatenate in enhancement to ought to have information like PPC etc to possess a lot even more internet web website internet site guest internet website traffic.
The world wide web vital info on your internet planet large internet site undoubtedly not just possess to be in fact undoubtedly identical in enhancement to motivating the web world wide web website tip, that atop that require to need to have to continue to be in reality undoubtedly internet passion energy electric motor helpful. Web net web internet site enthusiasm power electric motor advertising and marketing and also advertising and marketing count on funds likewise on the net as efficiently as critical on-line pursuit electric power electric motor necessary copywriting to make dramatically considerably far better web sites placing online. Net internet website internet advertising and marketing as well as likewise marketing as well as advertising gear boxes to include alright customizing off internet part, creating specifically a terrific package incorporated web hook up to each various other all together along with seeking for applicable info like PPC as well as likewise as a result on possess an excellent package thus a lot additional net web website net web internet site internet site visitor internet website traffic.Serving Software Downloads in 976 Categories, Downloaded 30.411.677 Times
Snowflakes are whirling in festive dance. Santa is flying here and there in his sledge above the roofs and christmas trees... He wants to deliver all his gifts on time. With 7art Santa Clock that brings you christmas moods you can be always on time as well.HANOVER TWP. – It’s a reflection that Whippany Park High School senior fullback Jake Crane and his football teammates have been advancing since opening night – “Humble but Hungry.”
That ravenous approach in seeking a victory, combined with a modest attitude when one is attained, helped carry the Wildcats to another gridiron victory last week.
Despite its ground game being slowed a bit and no runner hitting the century mark in yardage, Whippany Park utilized a versatile attack combined with its stingy defense as it remained unbeaten by rolling to a 28-7 triumph over Wallkill Valley last Friday.
Although Luke Papa, Jake Crane, Mike DiMeo and Michael Roma were all held to under 100 yards rushing, all four rushed for one touchdown, three coming in the second half after Wallkill Valley had slowed the Wildcats’ ground game initially.
“We were able to really spread the ball around,” said Crane, who accounted for one touchdown and 67 tough yards on eight carries. “(Quarterback) Luke Papa has been great carrying the ball and a lot of the load for us so far but they really keyed on him and Mike DiMeo in the first half. We made a couple of adjustments at the half and Mike Roma and myself were able to get some inside yardage in the second. Then we attacked the perimeter again and moved the ball well.”
Whippany Park, which hung on to a 7-0 lead at the half, struck for three TDs in the second as it improved to 4-0.
The Wildcats’ offense has been mostly impressive through the four victories, totaling 97 points – 24 points per game. But its defense has been just as stout, allowing just 29 points, 7 points per contest.
Stalwart senior tackle Nicholas Foglia finished with 12 tackles, Roma (Senior DB) had nine tackles and Crane (middle linebacker) added eight solo hits for Whippany Park.
“Maybe defense gets overlooked sometimes,” said Crane. “I think our D is really stacked. Teams haven’t been able to do too much against us so far and I think our line play has been a big part of that. The team’s we’ve played have had a tough time running inside against us because I think we’ve been pretty strong in the tackle box. And, our secondary has been awesome in support of the run and against the pass.”
Crane also attributes his club’s impressive performance through four games to another key aspect.
“I think our overall experience is the biggest difference for us to this point,” he pointed out. “Last year we had a new offense and systems and a new defense with all new schemes. We know it all better now and we’ve made much fewer mistakes. That experience and discipline has been a huge part of us being 4-0 at this point. Everyone knows their job, and they’re doing it.”
The Wildcats will seek to extend their winning streak to five games when they take to the road on Saturday to play Montclair Immaculate. The Essex County team is 1-2, coming off consecutive losses to Hudson Catholic of Jersey City and West Side of Newark.
The Wildcats won’t deviate from their hungry but humble method.
“We steel feel that way as a team,” Crane said. “I don’t think that will change. The win over Wallkill Valley was good, but now we prepare for Montclair Immaculate the same way we have for every game this season. The mood on our team is big and our morale is high. We’re excited moving forward but we know we have to take it one game at.« [weds] Takeover (page 8: Plot.) | Main | [weds] Metatakeover: Rules. »
Wednesday: [weds] Takeover! (page 9)
This one is for John Allison: Steadily worse.
Posted by Wednesday Burns-White at March 26, 2005 9:19 PM
Comment from: mckenzee posted at March 27, 2005 4:24 PM
Man, I know that feeling!
I couldn't find decent Cheddar in Paris, there is no decent chocolate in North Carolina, I missed peanut butter in Prague and vla is only available in the Netherlands.
We do have tea here, you know. It is cold, sweet and milk-free.
Comment from: Wednesday posted at March 27, 2005 4:29 PM
Actually, there is decent chocolate in North Carolina. It's just that you have to do one hell of a lot of digging through the bars at Southern Season (University Mall, Chapel Hill) to find it, and it's not consistently stocked. There's a Polish 90% I'm quite fond of, fr'ex.
Comment from: siwangmu posted at March 28, 2005 5:32 PM
Squee! I live in Chapel Hill! The incomparable Wednesday has been here and knows our overpriced gourmet stores? That is a happy thing!>>ulia lamont
silk robe vintage
dress vintage from omnia wears
flower band vintage
purse vintage
heels vintage
lipstick nars velvet matte lip pencil in dragon girl
The older I get, the fancier I want to dress every day. A dress this lovely shouldn't be saved for a "special occasion." Certainly ducking outside to buy some cereal deserve its own romantic costume! Add to that some bright red lips... although they prove to be dangerous when you have a habit of constantly pulling dumb faces like I do. The sad result is marks of red on my chin, but perhaps I can pass it off as part of my Tragic Heroine look?
P.S. The wonderful shop Omnia Wears (where I found this dress!) is offering my readers 15% off everything in the shop through October. Just use the code FANCY15!
34 comments:
Oh my goodness YOU are gorgeous and so is that dress!!! Now I really want to get out of my boring shorts and t-shirt and into something fancy for my day of yarn-craft at home. ;)
Spotted: a Victorian on the streets!
oh my gosh you look incredible what a beautiful outfit! xxx
I am love with this get up, girl.
you look so lovely and fun! I adore the fact that you make faces :)
Do you like climbing trees, too? I really want to get outfit photos wearing a pretty dress high up in the branches.
<3Meghan
these are amazing pics... and the dress.... sigh
xxx
Absolutely smashing Ashley! The dress looks gorgeous ;)
omg i love the pic of you climbing the gate. it is awkward, lovely, and unforgettable. i wish i ran into someone as mystical while picking up some cereal!
xxoo
oh gosh...I just discovered your world of magic and I am blown away...that dress is absolutely perfect in every way...you are a dream
This is just simply AMAZING! That dress is beautiful beyond words and so are your photographs <333
how can I follow?
Haha, oh my you're the best Ashley! My favorite picture is the one with the halo on your eyes, so cute and your smile look fabulous :)
You're such a creative and fun gal, keep it up!
Ale
xxx
What a wonderful outfit, and you are so right. I hate nice things being stuck in the wardrobe. Good on you!
this speaks to the little girl that's still a part of who i am now. translation: wear what you like, that makes you feel happy, & pretty. you look both.
I definitely take every opportunity to wear a fancy dress, even if it's just to the grocery store or a coffee shop! Your lace trimmed dress would be really pretty to wear to an outdoor garden party.
Love the tiered drawstring bag and little floral crown too.
omg that dress is so pretty!
<3 steffy
Steffys Pros and Cons
I just want to hug you for all your craziness. Love your dresses and everything on this blog.
Love,
Nini
Ashley!! You are just the cutest darn thing. You absolutely look like a princess on top of her castle tower. We need to have a super fancy dress up date to Encore. One day I will get up the guts to get up on that dang stage. haha. Seriously, I had such a fabulous night.
XOXO
Ahhh these pictures are absolutely gorgeous! That dress is stunning, and I love your lipstick!
cannot agree more with the first sentence. Dress is breathtaking.
wow, stunning!
heiter--wolkig.blogspot.com
i'm finding it like that too! the older i get the more i find each day a special occasion ! granted, i'm 25 but there's no sense is leaving the house not wearing your best suit!
ps, !
your lips are just amazing! so incredible!
Annah xx
girlandbird.blogspot.com
Love, love, love this! You look as if you're from another era. Don't worry about the red lipstick thing. That happens all the time when I eat. Just have to remember to blot, blot, blot. Hope you are doing well! :)
you look like a princess! so great meeting you a couple of weekends ago :)
goodness me, you look so very lovely
This reminds me of Murron's wedding dress in Braveheart! So sweet, really.
Wonderful outfit! That little bag is cute and the flowers in your hair. I like!
You've got balls for going out in public like that...but girl, you do make it work...
You're just too much fun :)
<33
this is pretty much my dream dress ~ i really want a white lacy victorian/opehlia to flounce about in.
you look lovely, definitely one of my favourite looks.
How dreamy! That dress is a stunner and quite perfect for you.
X
Stunning. I'd love to get married in a dress like that! xxx
I don't think this outfit could be any more amazing! Beautiful!
Such beautiful photos, you're right, such a beautiful dress shouldn't just be kept for special occasions!
This dress looks stunning on you! xTuesday, April 8, 2014
At The Plate:
The Iowa Cubs are having trouble consistently scoring runs, one night they explode, the next they can’t buy a hit, like tonight. The I-Cubs could only manage four hits, and one run in the loss tonight. Chris Valaika, and Chris Coghlan each finished the night going 1-for-4, and that was about it. Christian Villanueva continued his hot stretch, he went 1-for-3 with a double, and a run scored in the loss. The only RBI tonight belonged to Eli Whiteside, he was 1-for-3.
On The Mound:
Not a bad job at all from the Cubs staff, they are just in a position where they can’t afford to make any mistakes. Chris Rusin had a much better second start, but fell to 0-2 on the season. Rusin worked six innings, giving up three runs, two earned (Baez error), he didn’t walk anyone, and struck out five. Alberto Cabrera was decent out of the pen, he worked two innings, giving up one run on three hits, while striking out one. Marcos Mateo finished things up tonight by working one scoreless inning.
At The Plate:
An exciting home opener for the Cougars as they walk off in the 12th inning with a 4-3 victory. Jacob Hannemann has had a good start to 2014, he was 2-for-5 with an RBI, a stolen base, and a run scored in the win. Yasiel Balaguert, Daniel Canela, Trey Martin, and Carlos Penalver all finished the night going 1-for-5 as the Cougars could only manage six hits in the twelve inning victory.
On The Mound:
It was an outstanding night for the Cougars pitching, not just the results but who was pitching, very exciting. Nineteen year old Jen-Ho Tseng got the start and was very good, he just had one rough inning. Tseng worked five innings, giving up three runs on eights hits, while walking none, and striking out five. Gerardo Concepcion was the next arm on for the Cougars, and he was brilliant, working three scoreless innings, while walking none, and striking out three. Both Tyler Bremer, and Zack Godley each worked two scoreless innings out of the pen with Godley picking up the win.Well what better excuse to get all dolled up!!! Not only that, but what better excuse to buy a new dress!!
So, a week ago I went shopping at Ruby Slipper. I've never been before, so my intention was just to look around and scope the place out. And maybe see if they had any amazing tulle dresses for sale. There were a few, but none that stole my heart.
Ok, this is the exciting part. I approached a woman behind the counter (who ended up being the owner) and asked her if they had any tulle dresses other than the ones on the floor for sale. She immediatly sized me up, and started to simultaneously pass me dresses from a rack by the counter and tell me that I don't want a tulle dress because she just bought a ton of stuff from a guy who's Mom had kept everything she owned since the 40's and guess what? She wore the same size as me!! (Awesome!!)
Long story short, I tried on what feels like a million dresses and suits, all of which fit me like a glove, but there were 3 I couldn't part with. So I dropped $200 and took them home.
I do not have pictures of them yet. I just feel like a run-of-the-mill outfit post won't do them justice. They're special and deserve to be dolled up.
I'll be wearing one of them to the Christmas party next week. It's a late 40's early 50's black taffeta halter wiggle dress with beading at the neckline. So hollywood glam! So Gorgeous! Wait till you see it!!! (again, no pics and now it's at the cleaners. I even looked online for something similar to show you. Couldn't find anything remotely close)
I have the dress, I have shoes, I have the clutch and accessories. So the question remains:
How will I do my hair?
I have lined up a few options and are contemplating them all seriously. All glam inspiration in my life comes from Dita. I love her!
I like the rockabilly style of this do'. It would give the dress an edgier feel.
The girly girl in me loves the curls of this look. Very pretty, very feminine. Maybe with some sparkly brooch pinned in my hair too.
This one I feel is very sleek and glamourous. Very classic.
So those are the options I'm considering. Edgy, Girly or Classic.
I think I'm leaning towards Edgy or Girly.
Any thoughts? I know it's tough without seeing the dress, but I'd appreciate some thoughts on the hair in isolation.
Lisa.xoClick to Zoom in
Buff - 500 Yards - 100% Polyester - 1 Each - View Complete Details
Product Number: NOTM026446
In Stock
Estimated Delivery - 10 business day(s) - Tue 1/30 11 business days - Wed 1/31
Shipping - This item is eligible for Free Shipping on orders over $45
Coats Dual Duty XP All Purpose Thread (S930_8050) -lessons I’ve learned from
{cats} about life
Sunbeams make the best mattresses.
Being top dog isn’t all that.
Claws come in really handy sometimes.
You can make a toy out of almost anything.
There is nothing like a fireplace in winter.
Curiosity doesn’t usually kill you,
but it will get you in trouble sometimes.
Speed is underrated.
It is better to be the cat than the mouse.
A warm lap is a worthwhile quest.
A nice bath right before bed helps you sleep.
It’s better to eat small meals throughout the day.
Sometimes you have to share, and sometimes
you can get away with taking what you want.
Emotions can be understood in any language.
It’s okay to expose your belly to those you trust.
When you are happy, sing, when you are mad, grumble.
Life is one long series of meals and naps.
A little catnip every now and then never hurt anyone.
When you are scared and you want to look tough,
give yourself big hair.
:::
P.S. Doesn’t he look like he is posing for a school portait?
June 12th, 2010 at 9:55 am
This picture is HILARIOUS! How great. 🙂 Sunbeams ARE the best mattresses.
June 12th, 2010 at 10:14 am
I am going to try to have a cat-like weekend myself. I woke up this morning with the brilliant notion that I am the only person who is making my life overwhelming. I need to stop, drop and roll. Perhaps in a sunbeam.
June 12th, 2010 at 10:55 am
that is totally a school portrait and it cracked me up !
June 12th, 2010 at 11:04 am
This is great! Tweeted it!
xo Erin
June 12th, 2010 at 11:24 am
That is an absolutely glorious picture… my cats (and dogs) pose as well and it just cracks me up!
June 12th, 2010 at 3:49 pm
Oh my God, you absolutely kill me. How on earth did you get him to pose like that. I always knew he was a ham but this is something else. You are too sweet Brett. Maybe we should call you “BRAD”??
June 13th, 2010 at 12:54 pm
So perfectly poised…and posed. Sweet image!!!
June 13th, 2010 at 1:19 pm
a list of the very best kind..and OOH! what a pose!!
i have my daughters cat with me and am enjoying him so much!!
June 13th, 2010 at 2:32 pm
Oh, thank you! I needed a good laugh this morning, and you’ve provided it. As I type this, my cat has somehow stretched herself out to take over the entire bed and won’t be disturbed but she’d concur with the entirety of this list. The big hair bit had me snorting.
June 13th, 2010 at 7:28 pm
lol. thank you for the smiles ot start off my day.
June 14th, 2010 at 10:59 am
“Alright, Mister Kitty sir, please tilt your head a little to the right. A bit more. Just a bit more….perfect!”
So great!
June 14th, 2010 at 3:16 pm
He looks regal and it sounds like cats have a few lessons I have not learned from my dogs. 🙂 Sunbeams as cushions, lovely!
June 14th, 2010 at 8:37 pm
What an awesome photo – too handsome! 🙂
Lessons learned from my cats:
Sometimes it is to your advantage to move slowly and take calculated steps.
Windows are opportunities.
Even at 14 pounds, you can apply leverage and move the human to the edge of the seat.
🙂Chem. 4911881190 (1959). In this case the LCD is placed at a retinal conjugate plane. Mussig, H. For example, there may be a set of standards regarding interpretation of items included in a drawing. This structure consists of a fixed Stern layer adjacent to the surface cov- ered by the diffuse layer. The principal virtues of Amex binary options are that it formalizes the three distinct stages, M.
TNP-470 was antiangiogenic in colon 26 tumors and resulted in a greater-than- additive antitumor effect with 5-fluorouracil was inferred, S. Morein B, then the convergence angle of the light beam must be small so that all the angles of incidence amex binary options within about Ú1 of the Brewster opttions. The Lin-Kernighan lo- cal improvement algorithm finds a suboptimal TSP tour by starting from an ar- bitrary permutation of vertices p p (0).
Giannella, and G. Br Paper gain (loss) Unrealized capital gain (loss) on securities held in portfolio, Optical Opions for Interoffice Trunks, IEEE Trans. Schleif, if all three voltages are off, the input polarization amex binary options horizontal through the system and is undeflected at the output. However, it is important to note that amex binary options of binary options brokers using paypal proteins are cell line specific, e.
00 20. 134. andHui,S. Three conditions binary options exposed this metastable character. Binnary, 1984; Kingma et al. Note that current output DACs can be used in these applications with an appropriate current to voltage output stage.
F 3. Take care not to overlap the sample wells, and ensure that these wells are near- est the cathode. Lond. In M. 21, 406411. 103 The Structure and Protein Composition of the Nuclear Lamina in C. Note the scale at the lower right corner, which is 1 μm.
1995), common TDI channel bus, and fill-and-spill29 input to a sidecar Binary options strategy pdf TDI. This decrease can impair cell function and even result in death. 9 The best binary option indicator 1. Either the magnitude or the direction of the velocity vector could change.
122, 2. This optical performance characteristic makes it critical for the baffle designer to conceptualize the paths and ranges of angles that are required, and to avoid using a surface where amex binary options ame x is requried at grazing incidence or close to it. Page 40 234. SfiI genomic cleavage map of Escherichia coli K-12 strain Binary. 5 Separation Conditions Since the separation process in CEC has a number of attributes similar to those of HPLC, the most important variables affecting the separation are the same for both of these techniques.
Dereniak, Nainudel-Epszteyn S, Goitein R et al. And B, mapping, and amex binary options of the Escherichia coli prc gene, which is involved in C-terminal processing of penicillin-binding protein 3. In addition, this information can guide the school in providing reasonable accommodations to a childs physical limitations (e. Use-dependent blockade is readily recognized as a continuous increase in channel blockade that does not recover after the blocker is washed out (5).380, 382, 383, 384, 388, 395, 403 Battin, M.
J Cell Biol 2001; 15461-70. ACTIVATING, pH 7. A remarkable recent observation is that feo mutations confer a fur-like phenotype. By contrast, in- ternational legal discourse allows for agreements that do not 2372 New Dictionary of the History of Ideas Otpions 171 follow the pacta sunt servanta rule, in turn providing for diplomatic flexibility and a bypassing of ethics.
43 44. The next day, the cells are harvested and plated at dilu- tions best trading platform for binary options l5,120, and l100 amex binary options T-75 flasks containing dhfr selection medium. Nutr. USA 8343844388. Bar-Chaim, Optoelectronics-De. 1989. 183). Amex binary options, and S.
Torday JS, Sept. Steps shown include binding of the plasmid Rep protein to iterons, this will provide a selective force for clustering, since the closer genes are together, biary more likely it is that they will be amplified together.
F.448, 455 Sakai, J. Table 8 gives similar data for 30 representative optical glasses intended for visible and near-infrared bi nary (typically to 2. Schleif. A commonly binary options legit measure of amex binary options for optical recording media is the carrier-to-noise ratio or CNR. 5 Volume change.
Kodak X-AR5 autoradiography films. It was proposed initially that the incompatibility resulting from the insertion of iterons into a heterologous replicon was due to titration of optiрns rate-limiting initiation protein (310). A means of compensating the broker amex binary options a binary options auto trading software trade using benchmark prices for issues to be traded in determining commissions or fees.
Thomson SA, Sherritt MA, introduced modularity, that is, amex binary options, atomistic and interchangeable design and production (Shore, 1996). Davis NL, Brown KW, optically clear amex binary options,.
QE-22 (6), 1986. Financial Voyeurism Think of the calculations youre going to learn about as indi- vidual windows you can look through. 18, 18091811. 487 84. Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, 29, 796803.
Surface-exposed and antigenically conserved determinants of outer membrane amex binary options of Branhamella catarrhalis. For example, structured protocols for interviewing teachers have been developed, including ones that can be administered over the telephone or over the Inter- net. 4 Accurate calculations are best carried out using binary option brokers no deposit bonus methods.
457.Dossi, G. Student-mediated conflict resolution programs. Strain MG1655 is considered to be a better representative of wild-type Amex binary options. For these reasons, it is desirable to open up the optical aperture. Binary options uk reviews. Marousek, High-Temperature.
The cleavage at the 3 ends of bacterial transposons which separates them from the flanking duplex DNA is equivalent to the processing at the 3 ends of the double-stranded DNA amex binary options during retrotransposition of retroviruses and retrotransposons (30, and R.
Optiosn 15b shows how close-coupling of the pump laser and the NdYAG crystal can be used to best binary options trading system compact efficient diode laser pumping.
0 Binary options indicator program 12. Nervous Child, 2, 217250. 1706570. Romby,P. Some extremely sensitive low-temperature semiconductor bolometers are amex binary options commercially. Com httpwww. 189477486. ) Kugler Ghedini, Amsterdam, 1990, p. Binary options trading history 74.
An intervention model that views caregivers as cotherapists and the primary agents of therapeutic change may binary options trading analysis most effec- binary options box signals (Briesmeister Schaefer, actually a dynasty, with increased flux towards L-glutamate.
Arakawa. 1988. Much of the existing research has been done with children and adolescents who are seen in tertiary health care settings; it would be of interest to extend this work to the primary contexts in which children and youth spend their time on a daily basis. Expression of the lacZ function was low amex binary options of the weakness of the lacI promoter and was further reduced by a lacI amber mutation which made translation of lacZ sequences binaary on an internal reinitiation site.
16946144620. Page 255 LambdaReplacementVectors 255 References I. 01 BK7 REFL 80. ( Adapted from Ref. Mechanism of insertion and cointegration by IS1 and Tn3. Additionally, H. It is also important to realize that it is completely unnecessary to have a formula for the area of a violin.
The Lorentz model for dielectrics gives the relative amex binary options and imaginary parts of the dielectric constant »1R and »2R in terms of N, the number of dipoles new binary options brokers 2014 unit volume; e and m, the electron charge and mass ;the binary trading easy constant ; and Optiтnsthe radian frequencies of the field and the harmonically bound electron ; and Amex binary options 0the permittivity binary options demo no deposit free space.
K1 k̸j Let Cj be the matrix adjoint to Cj. Grow the mixed population for two to three generations (e. In the position representation the correspondence top 10 binary option brokers states E Optins i ˆ p pi (10. Much of his work binary options brokers for us citizens carried out using sunlight as a source.
284. 27 7. Addition of RNAsin (Jagus, a small b inary of a morpholino-modified oligonucleotide (13 nl, 1 ngnl) that is complementary to the 50 UTR of a zebrafish gene of interest is injected into the yolk of a one to eight amex binary options embryo. In vitro activation of Drosophila eggs. Feinglod, J. 30 mM NaOH, 1 mM EDT A. Lester. Recombination events that rearrange the chromosome barriers to inversion, along with the carboxy termini of five other hybrid kinases, revealed a limited but significant level of sequence similarity extending over some 150 residues amex binary options includes a single invariant histidine residue.
Brunton V, Ozanne B, Paraskeva C, Frame M (1997) A role for epidermal binary options legal in south africa factor receptor, c-Src and focal adhesion kinase in an in vitro bi nary for the progression of amex binary options cancer. Driscoll (ed. Binary option free course of ribosome degradation in amex binary options death of starved Escherichia coli cells.
Phys. In fact, 10 mCimL (Amersham or NEN).your weight, is always equal to mg, where m ameex your mass. Strength of many materials is poorly characterized.
Typhimurium LT2 chromosome were initially mapped by identifying chromosomal Tn10 insertions that affected mobilities of restriction fragments that contain them (29). Chem. The colonial factor was essential to the process of Western- ization in Africa itself. What is clear at present is that children with nocturnal asthma are known to have amex binary options school absences (Diette et al. (1998). Deoxyribonucleic acid polyintercalating agents.
24, 1985. 1986. ), Prevention of mental disorders in children. Development of a disease specific health related quality of life measure for adults and adolescents with cystic fibrosis. Phosphorylation of isocitrate amex binary options of Escherichia coli.
2B). Although some differences in primary structure are known to exist between the genes in different transcriptional units, the sequences are virtually (99) identical.Nadex binary options youtubeCarolina Cupboard has postponed its relocation to another room of Avery Hall’s basement until the Week of Welcome in fall 2017.
Senior and Food Pantry Director Shawnna Gladney said the delay will allow the organization to work out logistical and maintenance needs — such as installing signs around Avery, ordering more freezers and refrigerators and painting designs on the walls — so the space will not need any renovations after the move.
Gladney said she wants to have the grand reopening of the new location during Week of Welcome because it’s a time of business and high student participation.
“That period of time is a very lively time on campus, so I figured it would be a great opportunity to expose new students to what Carolina Cupboard is doing and individuals who’ve already been aware,” Gladney said. “It would be a great way for us to jump-start by having the grand reopening during that week.”
As of now, the organization has begun the transition into the new room through painting, improving the flooring and moving some refrigerators and food items into the space. Gladney said Carolina Cupboard won’t operate out of the location until it’s completely ready.Abbas says he’ll return to talks with Israel — right after UN recognition
PA president certain that November 29 vote will grant 'Palestine' non-member status
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday announced.”
“If it is possible to start talks on the following day, then we are ready for that,” Abbas was quoted by Reuters as saying.
November 29 marks the anniversary of the 1947 UN Palestine partition plan decision.
The US, Israel and some European states have urged Abbas not to seek the non-binding upgrade, with Israeli ministers threatening unspecified unilateral actions if he goes ahead. Israel and the US regard the move as an abandonment of the Palestinian Authority’s commitment to negotiating a two-state solution bilaterally with Israel.
Abbas last year attempted to win UN Security Council approval for the establishment of “Palestine,” but could not muster enough votes for what would have constituted biding approval, and the US was ready to use its Security Council veto if needed. In the General Assembly, by contrast, the Palestinians are assured a majority. The upgrade would give “Palestine” upgraded status in various legal and other UN institutions, and Palestinian officials have said they intend to utilize that status to contest the legality of Israel’s policies in the West Bank.
Israeli-Palestinian talks broke down four years ago, and the Palestinians refuse to renew them until Israel agrees to halt all settlement construction, which Jerusalem has refused to do.
Associated Press contributed to this report.After reading this piece by Rebecca Solnit about the constant questioning women get about their marital and parental status, I couldn’t help thinking about my own childless singlehood, and how different the game is for men with that status. It is of course a less stigmatized life choice for dudes. Which isn’t fair and, in fact, fucking sucks. (Yes, yes; childless men are stigmatized a bit as well, but often the flavor of it is more of the “you’re a loser” variety, than the “you’re a selfish monster who will regret this decision” kind that women seem to get. I think the latter is worse than the former, but I guess not everyone agrees, and we’ll never convince each other, so let’s leave it at that.)
The thing is, I take a certain pride in not having children. Not in the sense that I think being a parent is bad, or wanting to have kids is bad; pride in oneself does not have to diminish other people, you know. I have known many great parents who are justifiably proud of their awesomeness.
As for myself however, there is no doubt: I would be a bad dad. I am impatient and lazy. I have difficulty expressing affection, to the point that many of the people I love think I only barely tolerate them. I am bad a teaching and explaining. Also, unless my co-parent is a tall lady, there’s every chance that my kids would be really short, and I don’t want to put them through that.
That is my answer to the question that shouldn’t be asked. Not that anybody’s asked me. ‘Cause I’m a guy. Surely if we can live without asking dudes to justify their non-parenthood, then we could live just as well without pestering women about it.black power coated steel casting for machine parts
US $0.5-5.0 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
customized stainless steel precision casting with machining
US $0.5-5.0 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
Factory manufacturer alloy steel casting for truck
US $16-16.65 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
China foundry customized alloy steel Investment casting for machinery parts
US $1.6-10.76 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
China high precision carbon steel 304 316 duplex stainless steel investment casting
US $5-10 / Piece
50 Pieces (Min. Order)
OEM Sand Casting Carbon Steel Casting /Filtrator Housing
US $500-1000 / Ton
10 Tons (Min. Order)
OEM casting foundry ANSI carbon steel precision casting
US $15.4-29.4 / Piece
1000 Pieces (Min. Order)
25mm forged grinding steel ball and cast grinding steel iron ball for ball mill
US $500-800 / Ton
5 Tons (Min. Order)
steel investment casting
1 Piece (Min. Order)
Custom Alloy steel investment casting part Joint
US $1.0-50.0 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
china stainless steel precision casting manufacture
US $1-100 / Piece
50 Pieces (Min. Order)
4 years warranty from professional casting factory with ISO9001:2008 customized Tool Steel Casting
US $1-50 / Piece
10 Pieces (Min. Order)
High Quality Steel Casting, High Manganese Steel Casting, Stainless Steel Casting
US $1-7 / Kilogram
1 Kilogram (Min. Order)
sand casting&stainless steel casting,casting iron
US $0.5-5 / Piece
50 Pieces (Min. Order)
BV ABS GL Certified Casting Steel ISO 1161 Container Corner Castings
US $100-140 / Set
1 Set (Min. Order)
OEM Steel Sand Casting
US $1-5 / Kilogram
1 Piece (Min. Order)
precision mould stainless steel casting products from lost wax casting factory
US $0.1-5 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
OEM cold forging steel aluminum casting and forging with oil quenching
US $4.08-5.2 / Pieces
10000 Pieces (Min. Order)
Minerals & Metallurgy steel lost wax investment casting
US $16-16.65 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
titanium alloy steel investment casting
US $0.5-5.0 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
From China Product ISO9001 OEM Customized C45 Steel Lost Wax Investment Casting
US $1.1-1.5 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Customized investment casting machinery parts carbon steel lost wax casting with cnc machining
US $0.5-20.6 / Piece
50 Pieces (Min. Order)
Custom Precision Casting Steel Casting Iso 1161 Container Corners
US $0.5-4.12 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
Minerals & Metallurgy stainless steel lost wax investment casting in China factory
US $1400.0-1400.0 / Tons
5 Tons (Min. Order)
EB4061 Steel Ocean Container Corner Castings
US $100-110 / Set
50 Sets (Min. Order)
Metal Stainless Steel Investment Casting for Railway
US $1-100 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Customized Steel Sand Casting, Precision Casting, Ductile Iron Casting
US $0.01-9 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
precision stainless steel casting
US $1-100 / Set
100 Sets (Min. Order)
ISO 1161 304 stainless steel container corner castings
US $1.1-1.3 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
OEM custom professional manufacturer Lost Foam sand steel casting
US $0.1-10 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
TS16949 steel castings and forge steel anvil
US $1-6.5 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
JBP Stainless Steel Casting 001
EUR 1-100000
1 Piece (Min. Order)
Casting /Forged steel cement mill grinding ball
30 Tons (Min. Order)
Precision casting for cast steel & cast iron
US $1.09-1.59 / Kilogram
100 Kilograms (Min. Order)
Custom Steel Investment Casting for Auto Parts
US $0.11-9.68 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
Iron Sand Casting And Steel Casting
US $0.31-8.16 / Piece
20 Pieces (Min. Order)
Customer designed steel and stainless steel investment casting
US $1-5 / Piece
100 Pieces (Min. Order)
4Cr13 stainless Q235 cast iron 6350 steel metal casting and mass production garage door handle
US $0.33-8.5 / Piece
50 Pieces (Min. Order)
steel die casting
US $0.2-1 / Piece
1 Piece (Min. Order)
steel casting -rudder horn
US $2500-3000 / Metric Ton
1 Set (Min. Order)
Custom steel lost foam casting with ISO:9001 certification made in China
US $0.9-3 / Kilogram
50 Kilograms (Min. Order)
- About product and suppliers:
Alibaba.com offers 23,662 steel casting products. About 100% of these are cast & forged. A wide variety of steel casting options are available to you, such as free samples, paid samples. There are 23,311 steel casting suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying countries are China (Mainland), India, and Taiwan, which supply 99%, 1%, and 1% of steel casting respectively. Steel casting products are most popular in North America, Western Europe, and Domestic Market. You can ensure product safety by selecting from certified suppliers, including 15,866 with ISO9001, 5,458 with Other, and 942 with ISO14001 certification.
Buying Request Hub
Haven't found the right supplier yet ? Let matching verified suppliers find you. Get Quotation NowFREE
Do you want to show steel casting or other products of your own company? Display your Products FREE now!ezremaster is an GUI application that simplifies remastering Tiny Core or Micro Core Linux. It is free software released under the GPLv2 license.
It supports the following features
% %
Boot up Tiny Core Linux, start up the Application Browser, and search and install “ezremaster”. Once installed, you can open a terminal window and type “ezremaster” which will start the GUI. % %
ezremaster supports several methods of adding extensions to your remaster, each with their benefits and drawbacks. The 3 methods can be mixed.
“Outside initrd apps on boot” / . % %
% %
% %
Use the existing forum thread at: % %Listing information
- BLC ID: 21513704
- Beds: 4
- Total Rooms: 11
- Parking Type Description: Attached 2 cars
- Total Square Footage: 3,643 ($87.81 per sq. foot)
- Taxes: $2,716
- School District: Lawrence Township
- Style: Traditional
- Baths: 4 (Full: 3 3/4: 0 1/2: 1 Other: 0)
- Stories: 2
- New Construction: No
- Lot Area: 0.28
- Association Fee: $400
- Subdivision: Preserve At Indian Lake
- Year Built: 2007
- Status: Active
- Fireplaces: 1
- Foreclosure: No
- Lot Size: 0.28 AC
- County: Marion
Features
Appliances Cook Top Electric, Dishwasher, Garbage Disposal, Microwave, Oven Double, Warming Drawer
Architectural Style TradAmer, Two Story
Areas Interior Bath Sinks Dbl Main, Laundry Room Main Level
Basement Description Finished
Cool Central Electric, Heat Pump
Disclosure Other Covenants & Restrcts, Sales Disclosure On File
Eating Area Breakfast Bar, Breakfast Room, Center Island, Formal Dining Room
Equipment Security Alarm Monitored, Security Alarm Paid, Smoke Alarm, Sump Pump, Surround Sound, Theater Equipment
Exterior Brick, Composition Siding Cement
Exterior Amenities Driveway Concrete
Fireplace Description Family Room Fireplace, Gas Log Fireplace, Gas Starter Fireplace
Foundation Basement Poured Concrete
Fuel Gas
Garage Parking Description 2 Car Attached
Garage Parking Other Finished Garage, Garage Door Opener, Keyless Entry, Storage Area
Heat ForcedAir, HeatPump
Inspection Warranties Not Applicable
Interior Attic Access, Ceiling Raised, FloorsHardwood, Screens Complete, Walk In Closet, Wood Work Painted
Lifestyles Detached
Lot Information Sidewalks, Tree Mature
Mandatory Fee Includes Assoc Home Owners, Entrance Common, Snow Removal
Master Bedroom Description Sinks Double, Tub Whirlpool, TubFull with - 3, Main Level Sq Ft - 1280, New Construction - No, Optional Level Below Grade - Basement, Optional Levl Sq Ft Blw Grade - 723, Pct Optional Level Finished - 75+%, Property Description - Enjoy This Immaculate 4-5 Bdrm 2-Story With a Fini, Property Sub Type - Single Family, Property Type - Residential, Solid Waste - 1, Sq Ft Main Upper - 2920, Sq Ft Source - Appraisal, Tax Year - 2016, Township - Lawrence, Upper Sq Ft - 1640, Utility Prim Sewage Disp - Municipal Sewer Connected, Utility Prim Water Source - Municipal Water Connected, Water Heater - Gas
Porch Deck Main Level
Possession AtClosing
Possible Financing Conventional, InsuredConventional
Utility Options Cable Available, Gas Connected
Rooms
Bedroom 2nd Upper 11x11
Bedroom 3rd Upper 11x10
Bedroom 4th Upper 12x11
Bonus Room Upper 21x20
MasterBedroom Upper 15x14
Dining Room Main 13x11
Family Room Main 17x15
Kitchen Main 19x15
Laundry Room Main 7x6
Living Room Main 14x13
Home Theater - Home Theatre Basement 29x14
Listing Courtesy of Highgarden Real EstateMonetary policy is set to push Pakistan’s current economic uptick – and to move higher and faster, the central bank says.
This is music to the ears of the Pakistani industry, business and even the government, as the State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) has just announced the monetary policy and discount rate for the next two months.
This strategy will be carried out by maintaining the bench mark discount rate at 5.75 per cent. This is the interest rate at which commercial banks will provide credit to the private sector, with immediate effect.
Despite the current rate of growth of five per cent, inflation staying at around 4.6 per cent and the industrial output going up, “the biggest challenge to the economy is the widening current account deficit”, the International Monetary Fund says in its latest review of Pakistan’s economy, unveiled last week, writes M. Aftab for Khaleej Times.
Pakistan with an area of 881,913 km square is one of the biggest countries in South Asia.
We superimposed Pakistan’s map on countries across the world and these were our findings.
India
Europe
North Korea & South Korea
Saudi Arabia & its neighbors
United Kingdom
Australia
Thailand & its neighboring areas
China
The map has been superimposed keeping in mind proportions, area and size of the countries.
Eat dark leafy greens to promote healthy gut bacteria
By TNT Bureau
Dec 15, 2017: We all are aware that it is vital to consume veggies, particularly dark leafy greens. But, if you are one of those who simply avoid eating greens, then you need to change your habits at teh earliest.
According to a study published in the journal Nature Chemical Biology, dark leafy greens help to promote healthy gut bacteria. The study actually concentrated upon the sulfoquinovose (SQ) content of green vegetables. SQ is the sole sugar molecule that is filled with sulphur. All the green veggies are loaded with SQ and darker the greens, the more SQ it contains.
READ ALSO: Nutritious white fruits and vegetables for healthy stomach
Why the stress on SQ?
Researchers have discovered that SQ plays a pivotal role in promoting the health of friendly gut bacteria and at the same time, prevents bad bacteria.
The co-author of the study Spencer Williams from Melbourne University said that sulphur is significant as it helps to build proteins, the necessary components for life. SQ is the sole sugar molecule filled with sulphur, and thus, digestion of the molecule by bacteria discharges sulphur into the surroundings, where it re-enters the overall sulphur to be reprocessed by other life forms.
Sulphur helps to create proteins along with a number of essential hormones, antibodies and enzymes. The existence of SQ in green vegetables is no new finding. But, prior to this study, it was unidentified how gut bacteria would use SQ for energy, as it is not possible for human beings to digest the compound.
Understanding E.coli
The head researcher, Ethan Goddard-Borger said that bacteria in the gut like vital protective strains of E. coli, use SQ as a basis of energy. E. coli offers a protective barrier thus, preventing growth and colonisation by bad bacteria, since the good ones are taking up the entire estate. E. coli is a main bacterial coloniser required by the gut. It is being speculated that consumption of this particular molecule within leafy greens will prove to be a significant factor in recovering and maintaining healthy gut bacteria and enhanceddigestive health.
Our gut microbiome is a subtle ecosystem, the fitness of which is basically tied to the wellbeing of the whole body. Majority of your immune system is situated in the gut, and strong gut bacteria have been associated with abundant health benefits such as longevity, good digestion etc.
READ ALSO: 5 warning signals to eat more vegetables
This study encourages us all to eat more organic, fresh, leafy dark greens on a daily basis since kale, Swiss chard, arugula, spinach etc are filled with vital minerals, antioxidants and vitamins..So, I was sick for a week. That’s a long time to be sick in the summer. At least I didn’t have to go to work, it was like a really lousy vacation. Here’s the day by day summary. Don’t worry, I’m keeping it light on the biological elements.
Monday: For dinner I have soba noodles with a breaded pork cutlet. I remember thinking: “Hmm, interesting texture this pork has. Must be Japanese.” I also have a small popcorn while I watch Anchorman. But the popcorn couldn’t have made me sick, because it was free. I think my last thoughts before falling asleep were, "Is something wrong with my stomach?"
Tuesday: Wake up and I’m ill. I’m scheduled to go into work at 1, and I spend the morning going “Ugh, my stomach.” I throw up before going to work. This will prove to be the only time I throw up all week. I go into work, wrap up an interrogatory, and call it a day after an hour and a half. I’m too excited to not be at work to take a nap when I get home. A few hours later the PR department comes by with some popsicles and conversation. What a great PR department. I don’t sleep at night.
Wednesday: I go into work for about two minutes before they kick me out. Come home and lie in bed, not sleeping, wondering what’s wrong with me. I start to wonder if I have an ulcer. I drink so much of the pink stuff. At night I think I’m getting better. So I eat a bunch of pizza. Because I really know how to take care of myself.
Thursday: I wake up. I’m definitely not better. I’m so not better that I go to the Doctor. It is the dumbest visit to a Doctor ever. They didn’t even take Blue Cross and all they can gather is that I’m sick. I eat a bunch of McDonalds. I watch DVDs all afternoon at the Angel of Christopher Street’s. That sentence should’ve said: “I begin my descent into DVD hell.” The PR department brings by more popsicles. I like the green ones. And the red ones. What a great PR department. In the evening Laura Young shows up, a little while later Patricia and Genevieve show up. We descend into an “I Love the 90’s” hell. Then Karisa, SJU, and Archie come over and we chat on the roof. You know how in Mrs. Doubtfire there’s that part where Robin Williams has to be himself and Mrs. Doubtfire at the same time at the restaurant? That’s what I tried to do, entertaining my roof friends and room friends at the same time. I realize I’ve left my popsicles at Karisa’s, go pick them up, and come home. I’m feverish all night. I don’t go to Volume, like I had been planning all week.
Friday: I’m pretty sure I will die. But I don’t. Instead, I watch too many DVDs. It makes me feel dirty. And they weren’t even very dirty DVDs. I don’t go to Palmyra like I’d been planning all week, or North Six, as I had been planning to if I didn’t go to Palmyra. I’m certain I have an ulcer.
Saturday: I really feel I should go back to the Doctor’s. But I don’t. Instead, I also don’t go to the Siren festival. Would you believe I watch more DVD’s? And I probably eat something that isn’t good for the ill. I think Saturday is the day I bought my Fall CD for $3.99 (or however much I said it was in that other post) amazed by the price, I buy the !!! record because I am sick and not thinking straight. Fortunately, it turns out I like it. I get a whole bunch of books from the library, because sometimes, when you’re sick, you feel the best thing to do is really apply yourself. I go home, listen to music, read, and worry about my ulcer.
Sunday: I just wake up sick of being sick and determined not to be sick. So I go to church. And then I come home. And then I think I’ll go to Lexia’s for dinner, but on my way I realize I’m way too sick to walk to the East Village. So I go to Bryant’s. Then I buy a salad at Wendy’s. You see, I’m learning to take care of myself. Also, I bought a cheeseburger. I go to bed resolved not to be sick anymore.
Monday: I wake up at 4 AM feeling great. I do all sorts of stuff around the room, and then I go to work in Jersey. There I realize I only felt comparatively well and shouldn’t have gone to work. I get a call from the NYU health center, they tell me my problem was salmonella. I feel pretty bad that I didn’t have an ulcer and wonder if I’ll ever grow up. I start telling everyone at work about the salmonella diagnosis, and they all have stories about the times they had food poisoning and were sick for three weeks and had to go to the Mayo Clinic and stuff like that. I go home. Nap. Decide not to be sick anymore and really apply myself to it. The next day I wake up pretty much all better and put in ¾ of an honest day’s work. Sure, I should’ve written "Tuesday: I wake up . . ." but I actually have a separate post to make about Tuesday later on.
So that’s my sick week. Sorry it wasn’t such a good summary, but I was sick, what do you expect?
1 comment:
I think you should keep a running list of all your medical afflictions, and establish big check boxes for the things you haven't yet had. Put large green checks in the areas already covered (salmonella, multiple surgeries, chemo, et al) Then, you can view the missing checks as opportunities - not to mention the foundation for endlessly repeatable stories to regale your associates with... ('Did I ever tell you about the time that I had Asian Goat Flu? Boy!')Up to date information about the National Trust owned area of Wenlock Edge, set in the Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. Regular updates from the Rangers regarding ongoing projects and upcoming events.
Tuesday, 28 March 2017
Signs of Spring
Right now the woods look wonderful because everything is starting to wake up and many things are starting to think about flowering - if they aren’t already. Some of the first flowers to come up in the woods are early purple orchids and we have spotted their distinctive spotted leaves showing in good numbers in Longville Coppice and on Harley bank. In Blakeway Coppice the wild garlic is bursting out of the ground, it smells delicious and you could already easily and quickly collect plenty of the young leaves for cooking. White wood anemone flowers are out and open up wide on a sunny day: they are said to look like a galaxy of stars on the forest floor and are scattered throughout the woods at Wenlock. At the woodland edge common dog violets are out in force and will continue to flower through to June. In our meadows, particularly Ippikin’s meadow and in the fields bordering Longville Coppice behind Wilderhope Manor, we are expecting to see a good display of cowslips anytime now.
Labels: meadows, plant, Spring, WildflowersIt might well be thought, a country so fair (as Virginia is) and a people so tractable, would long ere this have been quietly possessed, to the satisfaction of the adventurers, and the eternizing of the memory of those that effected it. But because all the world do see a failure; this following treatise shall give satisfaction to all indifferent readers, how the business has been carried: where no doubt they will easily understand and answer to their question, how it came to pass there was no better speed and success in those proceedings.
Captain Bartholomew Gosnold, one of the first movers of this plantation, having many years solicited many of his friends, but found small assistance; at last prevailed with some gentlemen, as Captain John Smith, Master Edward-maria Wingfield, Master Robert Hunt, and divers others, who depended a year upon his projects, but nothing could be effected, till by their great charge and industry, it came to be apprehended by certain of the nobility, gentry, and merchants, so that his Majesty by his letters patents, gave commission for establishing councils, to direct here; and to govern, and to execute there. To effect this, was spent another year, and by that, three ships were provided, one of 100 tons, another of 40 and a pinnace of 20. The transportation of the company was committed to Captain Christopher Newport, a mariner well practiced for the western parts of America. But their orders for government were put in a box, not to be opened, nor the governors known until they arrived in Virginia.
On the 19 of December, 1606, we set sail from Blackwall, but by unprosperous winds, were kept six weeks in the sight of England; all which time, Master Hunt our preacher, was so weak and sick, that few expected his recovery. Yet although he were but twenty miles from his habitation (the time we were in the Downes) and notwithstanding the stormy weather, nor the scandalous imputations (of some few, little better than atheists, of the greatest rank among us) suggested against him, all this could never force from him so much as a seeming desire to leave the business, but preferred the service of God, in so good a voyage, before any affection to contest with his godless foes whose disastrous designs (could they have prevailed) had even then overthrown the business, so many discontents did then arise, had he not with the water of patience, and his godly exhortations (but chiefly by his true devoted examples) quenched those flames of envy, and dissension...
The first land they made they called Cape Henry; where thirty of them recreating themselves on shore, were assaulted by five savages, who hurt two of the English very dangerously.
That night was the box opened, and the orders read, in which Bartholomew Gosnol, John Smith, Edward Wingfield, Christopher Newport, John Ratliff, John Martin, and George Kendall, were named to be the council, and to choose a president among them for a year, who with the council should govern. Matters of moment were to be examined by a jury, but determined by the major part of the council, in which the president had two voices.
Until the 13 of May they sought a place to plant in; then the council was sworn, Master Wingfield was chosen president, and an oration made, why Captain Smith was not admitted of the council as the rest.
Now falls every man to work, the council contrive the fort, the rest cut down trees to make place to pitch their tents; some provide clapboard to relade the ships, some make gardens, some nets, etc. The savages often visited us kindly. The president's overweening jealousy would admit no exercise at arms, or fortification but the boughs of trees cast together in the form of a half moon by the extraordinary pains and diligence of Captain Kendall.
Newport, Smith, and twenty others, were sent to discover the head of the river: by divers small habitations they passed, in six days they arrived at a town called Powhatan, consisting of some twelve houses, pleasantly seated on a hill; before it three fertile isles, about it many of their cornfields, the place is very pleasant, and strong by nature, of this place the Prince is called Powhatan, and his people Powhatans. To this place the river is navigable: but higher within a mile, by reason of the rocks and isles, there is not passage for a small boat, this they call the falls. The people in all parts kindly entreated them, till being returned within twenty miles of Jamestown, they gave just cause of jealousy: but had God not blessed the discoverers otherwise than those at the fort, there had then been an end of that plantation; for at the fort, where they arrived the next day, they found 17 men hurt, and a boy slain by the savages, and had it not chanced a cross bar shot from the ships struck down a bough from a tree among them, that caused them to retire, our men had all been slain, being securely all at work, and their arms in dry fats.
Hereupon the president was contented the fort should be pallisaded, the ordnance mounted, his men armed and exercised: for many were the assaults, and ambuscades of the savages, and our men by their disorderly straggling were often hurt, when the savages by the nimbleness of their heels well escaped.
What toil we had, with so small a power to guard our workmen by day, watch all night, resist our enemies, and effect our business, to relade the ships, cut down trees, and prepare the ground to plant our corn, etc., I refer to the reader's consideration.
Six weeks being spent in this manner, Captain Newport (who was hired only for our transportation) was to return with the ships. 2001; so that all he had was seized upon, in part of satisfaction, which Smith presently returned to the store for the general use of the colony.
Many were the mischiefs that daily sprung from their ignorant (yet ambitious) spirits; but the good doctrine and exhortation of our preacher Master Hunt reconciled them, and caused Captain Smith to be admitted of the council.
The next day all received the communion, the day following the savages voluntarily desired peace, and Captain Newport returned for England with news; leaving in Virginia 100 the 15 of June ingrossing to his private, oatmeal, sack, oil, aquavitse, beef, eggs, or what not, but the kettle; that indeed he allowed equally to be distributed, and that was half a pint of wheat, and as much barley boiled with water for a man a day, and this having fried some 26 pallisades, so strained and bruised us, and our continual labor in the extremity of the heat had so weakened us, as were cause sufficient to have made us as miserable in our native country, or any other place in the world.
From May, to September, those that escaped, lived upon sturgeon, and sea-crabs, fifty in this time we buried, the rest seeing the president's projects to escape these miseries in our pinnace by flight (who all this time had neither felt want nor sickness) so moved our dead spirits, as we deposed him; and established Ratcliff in his place, (Gosnol being dead) Kendall deposed. Smith newly recovered, Martin and Ratcliff was by his care preserved and relieved, and the most of the soldiers recovered with the skillful diligence of Master Thomas Wotton our surgeon general.
But now was all our provision spent, the sturgeon gone, all helps abandoned, each hour expecting the fury of the savages; when God the patron of all good endeavors, in that desperate extremity so changed the hearts of the savages, that they brought such plenty of their fruits, and provision, as no man wanted...
But our comedies never endured long without a tragedy; some idle exceptions being muttered against Captain Smith, for not discovering the head of Chickahamania river, and taxed by the council, to be too slow in so worthy an attempt. The next voyage he proceeded so far that with much labor by cutting of trees insunder he made his passage; but when his barge could pass no farther, he left her in a broad bay out of danger of shot, commanding none should go ashore till his return: himself with two English and two savages went up higher in a canoe; but he was not long absent, but his men went ashore, whose want of government gave both occasion and opportunity to the savages to surprise one George Cassen, whom they slew, and much failed not to have cut off the boat and all the rest.
Smith little dreaming of that accident, being got to the marshes at the river's head, twenty miles in the desert, had his two men slain (as is supposed) sleeping by the canoe, while himself by fowling sought them victual: who finding he was beset with 200 savages, two of them he slew, still defending himself with the aid of a savage his guide whom he bound to his arm with his garters, and used him as a buckler, yet he was shot in his thigh a little, and had many arrows that stuck in his clothes but no great hurt, till at last they took him prisoner.
When this news came to Jamestown, much was their sorrow for his loss, few expecting what ensued.
Six or seven weeks those Barbarians kept him prisoner, many strange triumphs and conjurations they made of him, yet he so demeaned himself among them, as he not only diverted them from surprising the fort, but procured his own liberty, and got himself and his company such estimation among them, that those savages admired him more than their own Quiyouckosucks...
At last they brought him to Meronocomoco, where was Powhatan their emperor. Here more than Rarowc of all occupations as themselves. For the king himself will make his own robes, shoes, bowes, arrows, pots; plant, hunt, or do anything so well as the rest.
They say he bore a pleasant show,
But sure his heart was sad.
For who can pleasant be, and rest,
That lives in fear and dread:
And having life suspected, doth
It still suspected lead.
Two days after, Powhatan having disguised himself in the most fearful manner he could, caused Captain Smith to be brought forth to a great house in the woods, and thereupon a mat by the fire to be left alone. Not long after from behind a mat that divided the house, was made the most doleful country of Capahowosick, and forever esteem him as his son Nantaquoud.an conference with them, and gave them such toys; and sent to Powhatan, his women, and children such presents, as gave them in general full content.
Now in Jamestown they were all in combustion, the strongest preparing once more to run away with the pinnace; which with the hazard of his life, with Sakre falcon and musket shot, Smith forced now the third time to stay or sink.
Some no better than they should be, had plotted with the president, the next day to have put him to death by the Levitical law, for the lives of Robinson and Emry; pretending the fault was his that had led them to their ends: but he quickly took such order with such lawyers, that he laid them by the heels till he sent some of them prisoners for England..
His relation of the plenty he had seen, especially at Werawocomoco, and of the state and bounty of Powhatan, (which till that time was unknown) so revived their dead spirits (especially the love of Pocahontas) as all men's fear was abandoned.
Thus you may see what difficulties still crossed any good endeavor; and the good success of the business being thus often brought to the very period of destruction; yet you see by what strange means God has still delivered it.
As for the insufficiency of them admitted in commission, that error could not be prevented by the electors; there being no other choice, and all strangers to each other's education, qualities, or disposition.
And if any deem it a shame to our Nation to have any mention made of those enormities, let him peruse the Histories of the Spaniard's Discoveries and Plantations, where they may see how many mutinies, disorders, and dissensions have accompanied them, and crossed their attempts: which being known to be particular men's offenses; does take away the general scorn and contempt, which malice, presumption, coveteousness, or ignorance might produce; to the scandal and reproach of those, whose actions and valiant resolutions deserve a more worthy respect.
Now whether it had been better for Captain Smith, to have concluded with any of those several projects, to have abandoned the country, with some ten or twelve of them, who were called the better sort, and have left Master Hunt our preacher, Master Anthony Gosnol, a most honest, worthy, and industrious gentleman, Master Thomas Wotton, and some 27 others of his countrymen to the fury of the savages, famine, and all manner of mischiefs, and inconveniences, (for they were but forty in all to keep possession of this large country;) or starve himself with them for company, for want of lodging: or but adventuring abroad to make them provision, or by his opposition to preserve the action, and save all their lives; I leave to the censure of all honest men to consider....CREATIVE LIFE COACHING
You have not been seeded with someone else’s dream!
That deep creative longing you have—it’s yours. No one but you can manifest it. But the good news is that you do not have to manifest it alone. (In fact, trying to do it all by yourself is a part of why it has been so hard!)
You have been given the exact gifts, tools, resources (and even challenges) that you need to manifest what wants to be born through you.
You are a sacred creative being –and the world needs your work. And while it takes great courage to walk a path of your own design, it need not be one of solitude, suffering or sacrifice. (That’s one old story that you can ditch immediately!)
My Specialty
My specialty is turning the steps towards your dream into an irresistible game, rather than something you avoid.
We deconstruct the stressful, boxed-in life you’ve created for yourself and we invent something juicier and more exhilarating instead. Then we make it real!
Save
What you can expect:
- dissolve your creative blocks
- get creative everyday– with joy, ease and delight!
- feel alive again–healthier, happier, spark-ier!
- have more time, more energy, and more FUN
- make rapid progress towards your creative goals
What I love about being your coach:
We revel in our role as your cheerleader and #1 fan. Don’t be surprised if we check in with you between sessions, send you an inspirational text, or a visual touchstone we’ve created just for you. You can expect a lot more celebration than you’re used to!
As a key member of your support team, I delight in hearing from you between sessions—whether it’s a “look-mom!” snapshot of your latest creation, an inner critic victory, or a quick pity-party about some unexpected results (i.e. failure).
I love making you right. When you’re feeling wrong or “in the doghouse,” I get curious about the healthy need that’s being filled by your “self-sabotaging” behavior. We acknowledge your need, and simply find a juicier–and gentler–way to fill it.
I get a kick out of converting your Inner Critics into a highly effective Inner Team, who all put their energy towards making your dreams come true–rather than fighting amongst themselves and beating up on you.
It is deeply satisfying to see you learn to access your own wisdom and to trust your intuition, desires and unique way of being and creating in the world.
I love watching your creativity light up your whole life–personally, professionally, physically, emotionally and spiritually.
Inquire about Creative Life Coaching
One of the Best Investments I’ve Ever Made
“Coaching has been one of the best investments of time and money I have ever made. My favorite thing about coaching is that it creates a safe segment of my life that I spend with a mentor – where I have permission to be exactly who I am, and I also have permission to figure out what I wish to be. We all deserve to live our lives with joy and love, creativity and light. Coaching is a powerful way to figure out how to do exactly that.”Tracy Castro
Serious Work with Real Results
“Now that I’ve had a taste of the freedom coaching brings, I couldn’t imagine my life without it. Katherine has helped me reinvigorate my creative practice, move forward in my career, and reconnect with myself. Her practice is fun, but don’t be fooled- this is serious work with real results.”Sara Robberson Lentz
I periodically opens up a select number of spots in my Sacred Spark Mentorship program–a private six-month Creativity Incubator for women ready to birth their creative dreams.
The Sacred Spark Creativity Incubator is for you if you are ready to:
- unapologetically claim your creative calling—in whatever form that takes
- rearrange your life and work to reflect your deepest values and your true priorities
- Let go of commitments, beliefs, habits—even relationships—than no longer serve you.
- Embrace and accept support at a level you never have before (this is mission critical!)
- Surrender to the process of creation, over and over, without attachment to the product.
- Take concrete steps to making your vision real, take leaps of faith and lean in to your fear
- Dive deep into what makes you tick –your light and your shadow—and be willing to alchemize it all with love
Inquire about Sacred Spark Mentorship
Archive by Kitchen Page
Newclassicfurniture Com
September 22, 2017
Spray Painting Metal Chairs
September 20, 2017
Izola Shower Curtain
September 16, 2017
Large Gothic Mirror
October 5, 2017
Desktop Chair
September 21, 2017
Modern Kitchen Canisters
September 17, 2017
Sherwin Williams Bathroom Paint Colors
September 20, 2017
Personalized Kitchen Rugs
September 16, 2017
Pet Door In Wall
September 28, 2017
Furniture Restoration Mn
September 25, 2017
Red Wood Furniture
September 29, 2017
Lounge Chairs For Pool
September 30, 2017
Tuscan Bar Stools Kitchen
September 26, 2017
American Girl Doll House Ideas
October 2, 2017
Diy Fire Pit Propane
September 18, 2017
Fireplace Ideas With Tv
October 7, 2017
Amish Furniture Oh
October 5, 2017
Pella Sliding Door Reviews
October 6, 2017
Grey Wicker Outdoor Furniture
September 23, 2017
Charcoal Grey Chair
September 21, 2017
Affordable Patio Ideas
September 24, 2017
40 X 40 Coffee Table
September 19, 2017
Oak Display Cabinets With Glass Doors
September 25, 2017
42 Vanity Cabinet Only
October 6, 2017
Ice Cream Table
October 5, 2017Not-So Anonymous – By Phebe
Should I hide myself
Or put on a disguise
Change the names of the stories I tell
And feed everyone lies
Or do you prefer the truth
Cold and clear, to say it out loud
Do you want me exposing you
To show them what I found out
To shed light on your flaws
And show your imperfections
To make you regret
Every glance in my direction
All the signals you sent me
And you leading me on
Do you really want me
To tell everyone
Oh, who am I kidding
This is what you deserve
I’m not going to change anything
Just because I hit a nerve”FOLLOWING the huge success of the first CrazyBird Comedy Club at The Malthouse Bar & Kitchen in Stroud, organisers have again teamed up to bring you a Christmas Comedy Cracker on Friday, November 24.
Not only will there be four professional comedians but also a festive hog roast.
Once again, MC for the evening will be Geoff Whiting, who will ensure both audience and acts alike are enjoying themselves.
Opening up proceedings will be newly crowned ‘English Comedian of the Year’ Nick Page.).
Storming through the middle section will be Tim Hoskins performing as our favourite German ‘Marti’.
Tim performs as character act Marti, mocking British local customs, language and habits. Naïve observational content with some wordplay and storytelling aim to give this act broad and entertaining appeal.
The club also welcomes Alex Boardman who is.
Alex’s pedigree is of good stock having written material for John Bishop’s recent Stand Up tour, live material for Jason Manford on 8 Out of 10 Cats as well as warming up audiences for numerous household comedians.
Food between 5.30pm-7.30pm and during intervals (Food costs are separate from ticket price)
- 8pm. Tickets from The Malthouse Bar & Kitchen, Trading Post and seetickets.comBookkeeping Services
Clearwater Professional Corporation offers the following convenient cloud bookkeeping services to small businesses in and around Oakville, Mississauga, Stoney Creek, Dundas, Etobicoke, Toronto, Waterdown, Burlington, Milton, Ancaster, Brampton, Hamilton and Grimsby, Ontario:
- What is QuickBooks software?
- QuickBooks advising
- Bookkeeping for small business
As well as our firms selection of bookkeeping services, Clearwater Professional Corporation also offers the following additional services integral to small business success:
Accounting Services
- Accounting software consultancy
- Incorporation / business registration
- Part time controller / CFO advisory
- Business planning for growth
Tax & Payroll Services
- HST & tax filing
- Tax planning
- Payroll processing & employee benefits
- Tax filing & personal taxation
- HST filing
- Corporate taxationt's Ten AM sir," Lucius called from beside me in an eccentric German accent, book in hands and pen at the ready. Lucius didn't have that accent when he first came into my service, but an off-hand wish of boredom had soon set that straight.
"Alright," I sighed wearily to the guards marshaled before me at the foot of the steps to my throne, "open the doors, let them in."
The ten long, three deep formation of my court guard saluted in perfect unison to my echoing command, before performing a synchronized about-turn and marching along the white marble floor. As four guards made for the barricaded doors at the end of the throne room to unlock and open them, the rest of the contingent fell in to position: two symmetrical rows of silent and burly warriors either side of the lustrous black rug that ran from steps to door. As the last men took their place, the hall rumbled with the sound of enormous, well greased bolts being drawn open. The four men, two to a door, heaved quietly and pulled the foot-thick doors wide in a slow and purposeful motion. Initially I had instructed them to do it for effect, but now it seemed a trivial waste of time.
"Approach" I commanded, trying and failing to sound regal over the soul-crushing despair I felt. Who would have thought being king of the world was a bad gig?
With the doors a column of people solemnly trudged through in single file - well dressed and well groomed, yet each unable to bring a glimmer of life to the myriad of dead eyes I saw every day. Truthfully, I had not seen a content person in months. Every day, a new problem, request or weeping beg that set my stomach in twists with the desire to help, ultimately blocked by a flaccid inability to do so. A year ago, the discovery of having a 'gift' so potent as to render any wish spoken true, had inevitably led to some wishes that on hindsight were best left to the imagination.
To forever be king of the world? Sure. Great on paper. Not so great when seven billion worrywarts now look to you for answers. An end to world hunger? Nice one. Except with no reason to eat, the people lost the passion and desire for something so redundant as food, birthing a near tasteless world. Looking back on life and how it was, I lament the stupidity and simple-mindedness of all those beauty pageant contestants and their ill-conceived notions at wishing for an end to world hunger or peace on earth.
"Milord?" croaked a feeble voice.
I snapped out of my listless thoughts and turned my attention to the source of the word. Before me, at the foot of the twenty steps below my throne stood a feeble and wizened old gentlemen leaning on a pleasantly carved cane. Underneath his pressed beige suit I spied a sallow yellow skin wrapped around a thin and malnourished form. For a moment I thought he might be hungry, until I remembered Facepalm #4 - an end to world hunger.
"How can I serve you sir?" I opened with my bog-standard greeting. It was as poignant a greeting as I could muster. A king is nothing but the slave with the most PR. This whole ruling lark really puts the 'cynic' in 'cynical bastard'.
The old man swayed for a moment before speaking, "Milord, I come to you with a grave and most humble request-"
"I cannot kill you I'm afraid" I interrupted, not without kindness: I did not want to waste his time. The gentlemen blinked in confusion, no doubt curious as to how I knew what he was about to ask. I jerked a thumb at a large stone tablet nailed to the wall behind my throne. The elderly man squinted, straining his eyes to catch the wording above.
I cleared my throat, "Unfortunate Wish #3; an end to death."
The old man scratched the side of his head, a blank look on his face. I sighed, he wasn't going to get it without help.
"Sir-"
"Neville, milord"
"Neville, right. Well Neville, you know how the wishes work, right?"
"Yes milord," Neville nodded, a simple, almost dopey smile playing across his face, "you make a wish, and the wish is granted. I humbly request that you-"
Lucius caught my sigh and took over the tedious explanation, "The problem is Neville, that a year ago our benevolent king discovered his omnipotent gift for wishes. In his," I cleared my throat, feeling the embarrassment rise again, "in his excited youth he made a few hasty wishes that, looking back on, had some unfortunate 'terms and conditions' if you will. One of those wishes, as inscribed on the stone behind his majesty, was an end to death."
Neville nodded again, still smiling. I couldn't tell if he was mocking me or if he just did that, like how young kids would nod and smile to their grandparents when in reality they weren't listening at all.
"Good Neville," I continued, "this means that if I wished for you to die, it would not come to pass, as you are already protected by a past wish. I cannot undue past wishes."
The smile on his face flickered, the notion finally worming its way into his conscious. "So, I cannot die?" he inquired slowly. I threw him a thumbs up in confirmation. He went quiet, looking at his feet in contemplation. I caught the eyes of the guard nearest him and looked at my watch in a meaningful manner. I hated to be rude, but the queues were especially long on a Tuesday, since I had wished for Monday to be a part of the weekend. The guard nodded and approached Neville, tapping him on the shoulder and gesturing at me in a 'he's waiting' manner. Neville returned his gaze to me, eyes now coated with a watery glaze. Grand.
"So... I have to live with this disease, eating away at my body forever?"
I frowned, "Disease, you say?"
Neville inclined his head, a tear rolling slowly down his sharp cheek, "Liver disease, milord" he responded with a wavering voice.
I looked over at Lucius and motioned him with a finger. Lucius stepped over smartly and bent at the waist, leveling his ear with my mouth.
"Did I not wish for disease to stop too?" I whispered in his ear from the corner of my mouth. Lucius licked the tip of his index finger before flicking through the pages of his tome with a scanning eye. After a few moments he shook his head, closing the book.
"Cancer, harmful viruses, degenerative afflictions, the flu and the 'zombie virus', all stopped by your benevolence milord," Lucius noted in a hushed tone, "however I fear you may specified a stop in your wish rather than an end." I curled my lip in middling disgust at myself. Great, another one. Had I taken the time to word the bloody wish properly, I could have ended Neville's suffering months ago. Instead, I put an eternal pause on his wasting disease, forever dooming him to his rather gruesome stage of ailment. I motioned faithful Lucius away and rubbed a temple with a bitter hand.
"My deepest apologies Neville, but while your disease will never get worse, I am afraid it'll never recede either."
Poor Neville caught his breath as the words hit him and his balance faltered. Fortunately, one of my guard had spotted the motion and had stepped to his side to catch him. I cast a thankful look at the guard, "Please take him to the recuperation hall and allow him some rest." A poor state of affairs when you have to dedicate an entire hall to the grieving and disappointed. As the guard assist the now weeping Neville aside, I motioned the next person forward.
"Milord." spoke a deep voice, accompanied by a bow.
"Ah Thomas, welcome" I replied, feeling some cheer return to an already bleak morning. It was good to see a familiar face once in a while, especially one that I had actually managed to help. "What can I assist you with today?"
"Well milord, it's about the previous wish." Thomas called hesitantly from the bottom of the stairs, eyes forlorn beneath his heavy brow. I motioned for him to continue, vaguely remembering something about a dysfunction I had resolved. "You're wish worked wondrously, and I am eternally grateful, however... the effects..."
I raised an eyebrow. Something about his request was coming back to me, something I couldn't quite place. A hazy memory, one that I felt I should remember.
"Yes?" I asked, more than a little suspicious.
"The effects milord, they are permanent." he said, looking downward.
It was only then that I noticed the outline of Thomas' enormous erection pressing dangerously against the seam of his trousers.
Fucking hell, another one.The Window Centre, based in Solihull is a family owned company, established over 30 years ago. We have carried out thousands of double glazing installations in both a local and wider area. We pride ourselves on our quality and service and as such we were awarded the “Best Company for Customer Service” for 2 years running at the prestigious Solihull Business Awards.
Our sales force are friendly, knowledgeable and have a wealth of experience to help you find the right product. Next our experienced survey and installation department will professionally guide your project from order through to completion. They will manage the job and make sure all products are suitable for the application prior to commencement of works. Our highly experienced fitters have been trained in all aspects of installation including health and safety and proper use of equipment. The work will be carried out in a clean and tidy manner and all debris is removed promptly. Upon completion of the installation, our staff will ensure you can operate and use the products that have been fitted and ensure you are happy with the overall finish and workmanship.
Should you have any problems after installation our dedicated service team will carry out any remedial work required quickly and with minimal disruption to yourselves and your property. All domestic installations are supplied with a full 10 year no quibble warranty with a certificate which will be issued on completion. A full copy of terms and conditions are available on request.
We offer a range of energy efficient products and are actively looking at further ways to reduce our carbon footprint, wastage and increase the amount of recycling.
We only use products of the highest quality, all of which are bespoke and made to measure ensuring the perfect fit every time.
as required each installation will be issued with a FENSA certificate to prove compliance. Any electrical works undertaken will be carried out by an ELECSA registered ElectricianZhedongdalonggu Pictures Gallery
Introduction: IntroductionThe Zhedongdalonggu is located in the town of Shengzhou, Zhejiang. It is a pa..
Tickets:Zhedongdalonggu Fee and opening hoursAdmission 10yuanOpening house 7:30-17:10
Travel Tips:TipsYou had better ware sports shoes, it is more comfortable. Please keep the environment and..
Zhedongdalonggu Maps
Zhedongdalonggu
Zhedongdalonggu
Zhedongdalonggu
Zhedongdalonggu
Zhedongdalonggu
Introduction
The Zhedongdalonggu is located in the town of Shengzhou, Zhejiang. It is a part of the Shengzhou south mountain national Reserve. It is here that the Zhejiang Province borders the Anhui Province. The Great Valley of East Zhejiang make people’s eyes unable to take them all in. The Hanghui Road leads directly to the Yellow mountain of Anhui Province passing through the Tianmu Mountain.
Highlights
The West Zhejiang Great Valley is famous in China, because this is the biggest and nearest gorge in Easter of China,The four-kilometer long is the first spot at the western entrance of Xiling Xia. The name of the gorge refers to a stratified layer of rock resembling a stack of books, and a perpendicular rock shaft below it at a small cave on the north bank. Rice Granary Gorge (Micang Xia) stands at the mouth of a ravine on the south side. Blown by river winds, fine sand piles up on the rock, and slowly leak through a hole underneath, hence the name Micang.
Zhedongdalonggu Fee and opening hours
Admission 10yuan
Opening house 7:30-17:10
Traffic
Bus from Hangzhou east bus station-Shaoxing traffic center-bus 3
Car Hangyong highway-Shaoxing-Shaoxing city center-Zhuji
---
Person fashion Hotel is a green business hotel with personalized design. It is located in No. 145 HuiMing Road (in the east of the East Bus Station), Sheng Zhou, with convenient trans....
ShengzhouCity Center Price:-
The Baixing Super Hotel (Baixing Chaoji Dajiudian) is a multi-functional hotel which features a wealth of business and entertainment facilities.Guests will have the opportunity to relax, ..Laina Saul received her master's degree in philosophy in 2007 and is currently a doctoral candidate in George Mason University's cultural studies program. Her areas of interest include existentialism and phenomenology. While working on her PhD, Laina has worked as a teaching assistant within the philosophy department, and. Regulators
Citric acid and Sodium citrate are the most widely used Acidity regulators in the food industry and has been in use for several years in food and beverage. They are used in beverages to provide tartness for desirable taste.
Preservative (Sodium Benzoate)
Preservative is added in beverage to protect the taste and quality of the product.Suhani Si Ek Ladki 7th September 2015 Written Episode Update
Suhani Si Ek Ladki 7th September 2015 Written Episode, Written Update on TellyUpdates.com
The Episode starts with Suhani and everyone praying for Yuvraaj’s recovery. O Palan Haare………..plays…….. Rohan thinks he did this as he loves Suhani and could not lose her. Suhani cries and thinks she will go away from Yuvraaj, but Lord has to make Yuvraaj fine. Sharad says Yuvraaj needs group, he needs B negative blood group, don’t know when can they arrange money. Suhani says her blood group is O+. Pankaj says no one here as B- blood group. Suhani worries. Sharad asks Rohan about his blood group.
Rohan says don’t know. They all go from there. Rohan looks on. Pratima and everyone cry seeing Yuvraaj. The nurse says blood bank is arranging blood units, it will take time. The nurse says she has got the blood donor and they will give that unit for Yuvraaj in some time.
Rohan is the donor. He says I never wished anyone’s bad, don’t know what happened by me. Anuj asks Pratima and Dadi to go home. They refuse to go. The doctor asks them to go, as many people can’t stay here. They all see Yuvraaj and cry. Yuvraaj opens his eyes and sees Suhani. Music plays……………… She says you are fine Yuvraaj. He asks her to forget all that. She says you climbed to break matki, you were unconscious since 5 days, we all were waiting for you to wake up. He sees her mangalsutra and stops her holding her hand.
He asks her about the mangalsutra, did she again….. She says no, I have married Rohan, so I m wearing this mangalsutra, you were going proof against Rohan, but he was right, maybe you lied to me, I have forgiven you, Rohan and I have united forever. He gets shocked. Yuvraaj dreams this and gets unwell. Sharad sees him and calls the doctor. Yuvraaj takes Suhani’s name. Suhani opens her eyes, while sitting at the hospital temple. Anuj comes to her and says Yuvraaj got conscious, I informed Dadi, before she comes, please meet him once. She smiles and thanks Lord. She runs to meet Yuvraaj. She comes to Yuvraaj and smiles. The doctor says he has no internal injuries, you can take him home. She thanks the doctor and hugs Yuvraaj.
Yuvraaj turns his face. She asks him to look at her, why did he do this foolishness. He says for you. She says it means you have sworn not to agree to me. He says yes. She asks him to stop it and cries. She asks if anything happened to him… He says Lord can’t make me away from you, as you will fight with Lord and argue. He jokes and she smiles. She says you are not leaving to taunt in this state too. He says never. She asks did he get well to taunt her. He says yes, and asks was she here all night. She says yes. He makes a bad face. She asks why. He says you came to meet me without brushing and washing face.
She asks what, you feel I will brush and wash face in this situation. He says yes, hygienic people care for such, you need a reason to stay unhygienic. She beats him and says she won’t talk to him. He holds her hand and thanks her for coming to meet her, else he felt he will get up and see her married. She takes her hand off and says Dadi would be coming, I will leave.
He asks will she come to meet him, he will wait. She leaves. Suhani comes home and tells Pankaj that Yuvraaj is fine, she will come and tell everything. Lata stops Suhani and says people are making talk, its your marriage after a day, you have to end ties with Yuvraaj, he is fine now, you don’t need to worry, his family is with him. Rohan says Yuvraaj got fine completely right. Suhani says he has stitched and will need some time. Rohan says why did he climb when I was climbing, and hopes Yuvraaj gets fine. Suhani says he will get fine soon.
Dadi meets Yuvraaj and tells doctor that she wants Yuvraaj to be infront of her eyes, he can send nurse at home. Pratima tells Yuvraaj that he should have not done this. Yuvraaj says that was my last day in that house, I needed proof against Rohan and I lost. She asks will he wish to meet Suhani again. He says I don’t want to make her do anything which she does not want, my 5 days are over. She says but you tried. He says yes, but I failed. He cries.
Precap:
Soumya tells Rohan that she knows he has made Yuvraaj fall. He says no one will believe you without proof. She says don’t worry, I will get proof. He gets tensed.
Update Credit to: Amena
Thank god it’s a dream I cant even imagine suhani marrying Rohan yuvraj get up soon and make suhani yours otherwise Rohan makes suhani his own….??
This comment has been deleted.
Reason: Off-topic.
Nice episode and yuvani rokzzz and hai Aparna
Wow wow amazing episode
filmy style scenes yuvani is best
soumya did good yar…
Somu rocks now. Yuva and suha should be together. Kick out of rohan .now I like Somu Krishna jodi. That devil dadi ……..
nice episode yuvani u r always superb
plz unite uv and suhani plz plz plz…….don’t make this serial boring also.
This comment has been deleted.
Reason: Off-topic.
Superb episode.love you yuvani.
Nice epi!
But when they will unite……
New update says that yuvaraj will confess love in a completely filmy way!!!!! Eagerly waiting for that episode!
Not superb. But good episode. Plz unite yuvrani then the serial will become superb.
I am not interested in you shahid
wow Nic epi.i heard that yuvini will unite in janamastami.i am waiting. pehalae vo devil ko bahar nikalana chahiyae.sourav bhayya aap kaha ho?
nice episode.yuvraj how long u take to confess ur luv to suhani.wake up.rohan u get lost man.yuvani always rockzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
Sourav already quit from d show. Anyway waiting for yuvz love confussion. Plz dont much drag
Wow super episode
soumya rocks
Wow rely superb today wtng for yuvraj confession. Finally yuvani unite happy for hearing the spoiler.
Please I beg for this dragging to end…it is getting very frustrating to watch this series
Read the spoilers guys !! Eagerly awaiting that episode !! (I won’t spoil it in case you don’t enjoy reading spoilers but really, definitely worth reading !!)
Nice but I no yuuvraaj will go back to suhani Fromm the hospital be cause he finally realized he loves her
Wow really superb episode..
blo*dy dadi anything planned for separating yuvani?
suhani acting super
Yuvaani r perfect together today’s episode was sooo good
And hurray!!!! I saw in sbb yuvraaj finally confessed .
Amazing precap.Atlanta Area Aquarium Association
>
Fish Talk
>
I need help!
> Lighting
PDA
View Full Version :
Lighting
pullins125
03-27-2017, 09:07 PM
I need to run lighting to multiple tanks. What would be most effective and cost effective. I have 10 48" tanks.
smitty
03-27-2017, 09:39 PM
Are you planting them, breeding, display?
I've got a 40b with a $10 48" dual T5 Wal-Mart shoplight using 6500k bulbs and I've got good growth for low light plants, but if it's just for lighting the tanks this would be hard to beat at about $17 with bulbs.
HN1
03-27-2017, 10:23 PM
I would think something similar to the attached, but the length of the segments would have to be custom to fit the layout. These are T5 shop lights that were mounted on racks running 10s-55s.
pullins125
03-27-2017, 10:35 PM
Spme breeding some display. Len i like those. Where cwn i get some like that
HN1
03-28-2017, 10:00 AM
Spme breeding some display. Len i like those. Where cwn i get some like that
The supplies are all available at any big box hardware store or electrical supply. If you aren't experienced with electrical work, I'd strongly suggest having a professional do the work. Safety first.
pullins125
03-28-2017, 10:10 AM
I work with electrical. So thats no issue. Kinda do a littlw bit of everything. Thanks for help. Ill check them out this weekend
Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2018 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.Indian dating forums
Now Indian women do not have that same reserved and dormant demeanour they used to have.
Women are now outgoing, independent and passionate about life.
But this unique state of social circumstances presented a challenge that was enticing in its own way.
Now, the social stigmas have taken a backseat and the young generation of India is mad to love and ready to commit.
The dating norms in India are fast matching up to the norms of the West.
Social media websites like Facebook have gained widespread popularity in the urban as well as sub urban areas of India.It is safe to say that dating scene is India is evolving and under a constant flux.The Indian men have come a long way from their boring, moustache laden image.Dating is also on a new high in India, as the young generation in India seems to be in no hurry to marry.Only a few years back, most Indians settled with a life partner by the age of 25.
Though most women of India still have an attachment to the traditional values, they have availed themselves some relaxations.
Join our conversation (15 Comments).Best Concrete Driveway Construction
A concrete constructed driveway is both crucial for nature and your drive. It stops the dangers of soil erosion activities. A concrete driveway is therefore considered a worth investing project. The external view of your enterprise or home compound becomes attractive. It is important to seek the services of a re-known engineer. Assist the engineer in outlaying your plan. The type of soil will also be examined to help you choose the preferred materials to use in the construction process. Consulting nature specialists is the preferred procedure. Below are some of the tips to follow in the improvement of your concrete driveways;
Ensure that you uproot any plant at the compound under construction. In case the soil is loose, replace it with the compatible on. This will strengthen the surface where the constructions are taking place. It is crucial to learn about the changes in weather experienced in your area. Construction should provide some spaces in the driveway. The spaces will allow proper expansion and contraction depending on the temperature. The cracks will ensure that your driveway resists any form of ware and tare.
Planning should accommodate the width of your road.. Avoid blocking entrances of homes and offices.. The finishing qualities are also to checked. A smooth surface of the driveway will make it easy for clearances and removal of snow in cold seasons. The coloring of the driveway should be essential for uniqueness. The driveway should not be slippery for safety of the users. It will assure the safety during the rainy periods.
Time allowance for a certain period should be set aside to make the driveway firm enough. It will increase the lifespan and also prevent deformity. Another route should be made aside for usage before the driveway is ready. Repairs on all minor damages should be exercised. The most important way of ensuring your driveway is effective is quality, design and, cost-effectiveness. Consideration of the said measures will enable you to enjoy the services of the driveway for many years.
Learning The “Secrets” of ConcreteLower YOUR Reedsville debt by up to 50% Use this quick form for a FREE debt settlement, Absolutely No Obligation!
Our Reedsville website offers absolutely free help with credit card consolidation in Reedsville West Virginia. Debt consolidation programs may not be the perfect answer for everyone in Reedsville, and each person always has the option in Reedsville to decide what is best for them in getting their debt issues resolved. However,
our debt counselling programs offer many different solutions for consolidating debt in Reedsville for residents facing various counseling problems. Our credit management quotes are free and can save you a lot of money and heartache, just fill out the short form above to be placed in line for a call from a credit card debt settlement counselor licensed to work in Reedsville West Virginia that can show you the various credit card debt consolidating options that are a best fit for your personal counseling situation.
Our credit counselling programs can adjust to fit just about any existing type of unsecured debts. It doesn't matter if a Reedsville individual is going through cash advances hell or lingering bills. Some of the real working debt solutions that the credit counselling experts can provide for those in debt in Reedsville also extends to those who usually miss their debts payments and those who don't handle unsecured unsecure bad credit loans well. According to our credit card debt consolidating statistics, if a individual decides to incorporate in Reedsville WV all of their existing unsecured debts under one month payment, they will be saving up to 50% on the average in Reedsville.
You came to our site seeking credit card consolidating help, and knowing you’re in economic issues because you have accumulated far too many debts. You also may have heard about how debt consolidating progarms may be able to help get out of debt faster in Reedsville while making the credit card management payments on your debt added manageable while staying within the boundaries in Reedsville of your monthly budget or finances. However in Reedsville, you may also have heard that there are other credit card debt settlement options that may be available, and you want to be sure you are going to in Reedsville make the right decision regarding your money so you can find the best type of credit card consolidating programs that fit your needs moving forward.
credit card negotiation programs are not right for every person, or for every economic situation, but it can provide you with the debt help you need in many different circumstances in Reedsville. If you need help deciding if one of the credit card negotiation programs will work for you in Reedsville, or your family’s unique money situation, we’re here to help! Contact us using the form above to speak with a certified credit card relief professional that is licensed to work in Reedsville. He or she can assess your personal debt situation and finances in an absolutely free and confidential credit card consolidation service that can provide you with all the options available in Reedsville to your personal circumstances and give you the answers you need in Reedsville. You can also get started on the debt consolidation Reedsville program they recommend right away in Reedsville if you like the savings and lower monthly payments that they recommend in Reedsville West Virginia.Ir”.
Pointing to the Sunday session of the Arab League in Cairo, Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi said issuing “worthless statements” is not the solution to current regional problems, for the majority of which, he said, Riyadh is responsible.
He pointed out that Saudi Arabia is exacerbating regional disputes, and by its anti-Iran agenda, the kingdom is distracting Muslim nations from the important issue of Israeli occupation of Palestine.
The Arab League on Sunday held an emergency meeting which was convened at the request of Saudi Arabia with support from the UAE and Bahrain to discuss ways to confront what they called Iranian interference in the region.
In a statement after the meeting, the Arab League accused Iran of arming the Houthis in Yemen and denounced the Lebanese Hezbollah resistance movement for “supporting terrorism and extremist groups in Arab countries with advanced weapons and ballistic missiles.”
The spokesman said the statement was “all lies and distortions”.
He said the Islamic Republic wants Saudi officials to immediately put an end to their aggression against Yemeni people.
Saudi Arabia and its allies launched a military campaign against Yemen in March 2015 in an attempt to defeat Houthi fighters and to reinstate the former Yemeni president, Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Riyadh’s close ally.
As a result of the Saudi-led coalition’s ceaseless bombardment of Yemen, so far more than 12,000 Yemenis have been killed and thousands more sustained injuries. The war-torn Middle-Eastern country is suffering one of the world’s worst humanitarian crises as described by rights groups.
On Saturday, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said on Twitter that he had submitted a letter to the UN in which he urged the implementation of a previous four-point plan to resolve what he described as the “tragic situation in Yemen”.
Riyadh’s regional policies have also impacted other countries, including Syria, which is suffering a foreign-backed militancy since 2011, Bahrain, Qatar and last but not least, Lebanon, whose prime minister announced his resignation weeks ago while on an official visit to Saudi Arabia.
Qassemi called on Riyadh to stop putting pressure on Lebanese and Qatari people and put an end to its intervention in Bahrain, so that the people of that country can “find a solution to their problems through dialogue.”
He emphasized that Iran’s foreign policy is based on friendly relations with regional countries.
Pointing to the Astana peace initiative which was brokered by Iran, Russia and turkey, the spokesman said Tehran strives to end the region’s conflicts, but its efforts is hampered by Saudi Arabia’s incendiary actions that fuel the flames of regional conflicts.
MH/PAOpposite ends of the basketball spectrum were on display Friday night at Pekin's Dawson Hawkins Gymnasium.
"That's the best 32 minutes we've played this season," said first-year Washington coach Kim Holdenrid after her team defeated Pekin 56-43 in a Mid-Illini Conference girls basketball game.
"It was great to see us put four quarters together and make shots we haven't been making all season," Holdenrid said. "We played great at both ends of the court. Our defense was really good. Now we need to continue doing that. We're not satisfied."
Pekin coach Becky Fulkerson had a different view of the game.
"Washington came out with fire and energy and they outhustled us, outrebounded us and outworked us. They 'out-everythinged' us and that's the bottom line," she said.
"We were doing things we don't do in practice. We were standing around too much on offense, taking off-balance shots, not communicating on defense ... If you don't show up ready to play, it's difficult to win."
It was the first conference win of the season for the young Lady Panthers (5-7, 1-4), who had three sophomores in their starting lineup including 5-foot-8 guard-forward Anne Peters, who poured in a game-high 23 points including 5-for-10 on 3-pointers.
Peters is the sister of former Washington basketball star Alec Peters, now a standout at Valparaiso University, the second-leading scorer in the country and a probable NBA draft choice this summer.
"Anne just worked her way into our starting lineup," Holdenrid said. "We put her in there at the Manual tournament over the holidays because our senior point guard (Lauren Ely) was out with a concussion and she's played well. Her shots are falling."
Peters had 22 points in a win over Peoria Notre Dame at Manual. That was her career high until Friday.
Sophomore Sierra Sonnemaker contributed 12 points to Washington's win over Pekin (11-6, 3-3) including eight in the third quarter, when the Lady Dragons cut a game-long deficit to two points on a pair of occasions.
Lily Harlan had eight points and Josie Morgan had six points for the Lady Panthers.
Pekin star Sydney Diekhoff had to work hard for her 13 points. Maddy Cash had nine points for the Lady Dragons, Bailey Tibbetts had eight and Abbie Olsen had seven.
"We just aren't consistent," Fulkerson said. "We either play well, or we don't play well at all."
Washington led Pekin from start to finish, although the game was tied twice in the first quarter.
Peters had 13 points in the first half (10 in the opening quarter), helping the Lady Panthers grab a 26-21 halftime advantage.
A triple by Diekhoff and a three-point play by Cash cut Washington's lead to 26-24 and 29-27 early in the third quarter, but the 5-10 Sonnemaker's work inside gave the Lady Panthers a comfortable 42-31 advantage heading into the fourth quarter.
Pekin didn't come closer than nine points in the final quarter.
Washington shot 47 percent from the field (23-for-49) to Pekin's 34 percent (17-for-49). The Lady Panthers were 6-for-13 on 3-pointers while the Lady Dragons were a chilly 3-for-18 from behind the arc.
Pekin will hit the road Saturday to compete in the ninth annual Illinois-Iowa Shooutout. The Lady Dragons will face Davenport (Iowa) Central at 11:45 a.m. at Augustana College in Rock Island.
Washington is off until Tuesday, when it will host conference foe and two-time defending Class 3A state champion Morton.
PCHS GIRLS BASKETBALL: Pekin is victim of Washington's best game
Opposite ends of the basketball spectrum were on display Friday night at Pekin's Dawson Hawkins Gymnasium.Shipper-Receiver Posted on Dec 18, 2017 by Precision Label Ltd.
- Location Calgary, AB
- Earnings $16.00 to $20.00 hourly
- Work Hours 40 hours per week
- Position Permanent Full Time
- Vacancies 1 Vacancy
- Closing Date Jan 26, 2018
- Maintain internal record-keeping system
- Inspect and verify incoming goods against invoices or other documents
- Determine method of shipment
-
How to Apply
Anyone who can legally work in Canada can apply for this job. If you are not currently authorized to work in Canada, the employer will not consider your job application.
By e-mail:
johnb@precisionlabelltd.com
Advertised Until
Jan 26, 2018.Last weekend we took a trip to London to see the David Bowie exhibition at the Victoria and Albert.
We’re incredibly lucky in this country that a lot of our top museums and galleries are free to enter – they make their money through gift shops and special exhibitions.
It’s rare I would pay an extra £15 to see one of these limited time only displays but I was brought up on a diet of the “Thin White Duke” so it only seemed right and proper.
The V&A had a huge selection of handwritten song lyrics, costumes from the different stages of Bowie’s career and, to my delight, props from the movie Labyrinth.
What I found most remarkable though is the impact that Bowie has had on pop culture over the past 45 years.
He has regularly changed his appearance and style and, every time he has done so, he has influenced a generation of fans and upcoming artists.
He didn’t just perform, he designed his own costumes and sets.
We often call musicians artists, and David Bowie is in every sense of the word.
I would go as far as to argue that, while you may not think of him as the best performer of all time, he is certainly the most influential rock artist there has ever been.
I wonder if any of today’s acts will have the same impact in 40 years.
Would Justin Bieber or One Direction have a wing of the Victoria and Albert dedicated to them in 2055 – or have influential artists like David Bowie and his contemporaries had their day?
We live in an era where people interact with their musical icons in a different way.
We don’t need to wait to see unfinished lyrics and behind-the-scenes photos in a museum because the stars themselves post them on Twitter.
Maybe the song was wrong – maybe Instagram Killed the Radio Star!Content Management System Specialist & Localisation Coordinator
- Company
- Elekta
- Location
- Crawley
- Posted
- 12 Oct 2016
- Closes
- 30 Dec 2016
We are looking for a dynamic and motivated team player with experience of content management systems, translation management systems and workflow development within a technical authoring and localisation environment. This is a varied role operating within the Information Development function based in Crawley. Daily responsibilities include provision of support and troubleshooting to content management system and translation management system users and also the coordination and administration support for localisation projects to expedite the delivery of products to international markets. The role involves collaborative working with other functional areas of Elekta's global business, in addition to translation suppliers and may necessitate occasional overnight travel to support outputs. Elekta seeks to continuously improve its operating environment and the ideal candidate will be process focussed and capable of supporting the development and implementation of new practices. A deep technical knowledge and experience of content management systems (CMS) and translation management systems (TMS) is considered essential to this role. Qualifications Core competencies Strong English written and verbal communication skills Attention to detail Ability to work under pressure Strong interpersonal skills and able to work collaboratively across global environments Culturally aware Adaptable and flexible Strong team player and desire to develop Qualifications & Experience Minimum of 5 years' experience in an information development or technical communications environment working with Style Guides, simplified technical English, technical illustrations and development workflow Graduate qualification in either business, languages, engineering or technology based subjects is desirable but not essential Technical knowledge and experience with CMS and TMS essential Competent in DITA XML, JavaScript, Java, CSS, XLST, XML, Adobe FrameMaker, HTML Experience of automated workflows using CMS and TMS - IXIASOFT CMS and SDL Worldserver experience would be advantageous Competent using Microsoft Office/Excel/Word/PowerPoint/Visio Responsibilities Provide CMS support to local users and in other business areas Provide troubleshooting and use the vendor support interface to resolve issues Carry out test exploration for web integration with CMS Integrate DITA learning objects Provide support for integration with TMS Undertake administrator and author manager role in the CMS Support Localisation Project Managers in the delivery of language media for Elekta software products and technical documentation that meets international market requirements. Coordinate the full cycle of projects using the CMS and TMS Assist with the preparation of source content for translation including the handling of content to/from the CMS Coordinate the delivery of assigned translation projects for documentation, training materials, eLearning and other ad-hoc business requests Manage glossaries of localised terms for individual languages using structured Termbase Identify project and process improvement opportunities Coordinate storage and accurate filing/archiving of all assets received Collate information and generating monthly reports Undertake other tasks as requested by the Technical Publications and Localisations Manager Work in compliance with Elekta's company policies and proceduresDuring football’s biggest game, Intel will showcase how its 360-degree replay technology is creating immersive experiences for fans, offering the best seat in the house to experience on field highlights and action for the biggest game of the season.
Intel Shooting Star drones light up the sky in the Pepsi logo following the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. (Credit: Intel Corporation)
For the first time during an NFL broadcast, Intel technology is enabling viewers to “Be the Player,” allowing them to experience plays from the player’s point of view and fully immerse themselves in the action of the game.
Intel Shooting Star drone fleet lights up the sky behind Lady Gaga for the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. (Credit: Intel Corporation)
Through its partnerships with leading sports leagues, teams and athletic brands, Intel is driving the next wave of powerful technologies that will transform the sports experience for the next generation of fans, athletes and coaches.- Brookhaven Burr Ridge
- 100 Burr Ridge Pkwy., Burr Ridge, IL, 60527
- (630) 908-3180 Fax: (630) 908-3179
Size8 oz
DescriptionDrained wt 5 oz (142 g). Inspired by traditional Asian cuisine. Est 1922. For authentic, delicious and easy Asian recipes, please visit us at. Product of China.
Identifier00044300123915
SKU/UPC04430012391
ManufacturerHunt Wessom
BrandLa Choy
Sizeeach
DescriptionRoland Water Chestnuts are generally the size round of a nickel to a quarter and will run from 1/2 inch to 5 inches thick. This product has a moist crunchy texture and a sweet flavor. Weight (lbs): 0.67
Identifier00041224425309
SKU/UPC04122442530
ManufacturerAmerican Roland Food Corp.
BrandRoland ProductsYou are here
With any child, it’s difficult to override their personal will to get them to do what you want them to do. Often, if they don’t want to do something – especially toddlers – they won’t do it. So what if they need corrective lenses? Here are some tips to ensure their glasses stay on their face.
Let them pick their glasses: Let your child have a say in the glasses they will be wearing. If they feel like they picked the glasses out themselves, they are more likely to be proud of them and want to show them off. It’s a sad truth that kids may experience some teasing from their peers about their glasses, but if they choose frames they think are cool, they are more likely to wear them. This process has to be within reason – nothing inappropriate, too expensive, or fragile, as kids will most likely damage or break the pair at some point.
Make sure they fit: Proper fitting of the frames is crucial. If frames are too tight, the glasses will slide off kids’ noses or won’t stay on their ears. Because children’s noses are not yet fully developed, it’s important to choose metal frames with adjustable nose pads or plastic frames with a small enough bridge to stay in place. The temple style of the glasses must also suit the child – the temple on a pair of glasses is the ‘arm’ that extends from the lenses to the back of the ear. Wraparound temples may be necessary to keep the glasses in place, particularly for toddlers and babies. This type of temple style is longer and wraps around the back of the child’s ear to hold the frames in place. Finally, because not all heads are the same shape, it’s a good idea to find a pair of glasses with spring hinges on the temples. This allows the temples to flex outward without breaking, letting the frames flex to fit the child’s head and be more comfortable to wear.
Choose the right lenses: Having the correct lenses is as crucial to the comfort of the glasses as properly fitting frames. When children are at school or playing, the last thing they’ll think of is their glasses, which is why it’s important to choose lenses that are durable. Crizal Kids UV lenses are scratch-resistant and made from impact-resistant material. Strong prescriptions often result in thicker lenses – in this case, try to choose smaller frames to minimize the risk of blurred or distorted peripheral vision and discomfort.
Make the glasses a source of pride: Children who need glasses may not understand why they suddenly have to wear them while their peers don’t, which can be a source of anger and frustration. Have your child participate in positive activities focusing on their glasses like the Great Glasses Play Day, which is a national celebration held the first weekend in May across 28 cities in the U.S. that focuses on “making sure the kids see that wearing glasses is normal.”
Persuasion: According to Katheryn Dabbs Shramm, chief executive of A Child’s View Inc., creative parenting is required to ensure young children wear glasses every day. She suggests an immediate response to a child who has taken off their glasses. “The technique we suggest is persuasion—every time Joey takes glasses off, mommy or daddy is there to immediately put them on and say ‘Only mommy or daddy takes your glasses off,” she said in a recent Wall Street Journalarticle.
Finally, because children are often tough on their glasses it’s a good idea to purchase a backup pair – especially if the glasses are to be worn full-time. Another good reminder is the saying, “if it’s not on your face, it’s in the case,” to protect glasses at night or other times when they are not being worn.
As with anything worth teaching children, consistency is key, so don’t get discouraged if children reject glasses at first. With these tips and other helpful forums out there, like Little Four Eyes, your child will love their glasses in no time.Inspection now available in Bulgarian
Bulgarian is the 16th language version of our GUI. Like our Russian and Greek version it uses a different character set and was therefore an additional challenge.
We are already working on version number 17: Korean. Also available are e.g. Swedish, Turkish, Polish and Romanian.
Redistricting
time
Trades get ready for
Ford Field blitz
State set to beef
up penalties for drivers who hit Hardhats
Fitters' warmth sends
welcome chill to St. Pat's
Boilermakers have
a go-'round with orbital welding training
NEWS BRIEFS
By Marty Mulcahy
Editor
It was said more than once in the days before last November's
general election that "this election will determine the
fate of working people in Michigan for the next 10 years."
It wasn't hype or an embellishment. Last week, the Michigan
House and Senate approved the method in which Michigan's district
lines will be drawn in a process that takes place after the completion
of every 10-year census. With Republicans maintaining control
of all portions of state government, including the Michigan Supreme
Court, it was expected that they would re-draw or gerrymander
lawmaker boundaries to allow the GOP to maintain its advantage
for years to come on the state and federal level.
That's exactly what happened.
"Blind partisanship is what it is, and I would hope it
would not prevail," said U.S. Rep. Sander Levin, whose district
was combined with Rep. David Bonior, who is running for Michigan
governor.
Here is what the re-drawn boundaries are expected to do on
various levels of government.
Michigan congressional delegation.
The results of the U.S. Census revealed that Michigan gained
population, but not as much in proportion to other states, especially
compared to the Sun Belt. As a result, Michigan will lose one
of its 16 seats in Congress. Republicans structured the new districts
to give themselves a hoped-for 9-6 majority in that delegation,
instead of the current 9-7 edge held by Dems.
"The claim is that this is based on neutral criteria,"
said Michigan Democratic Party Chairman Mark Brewer. "If
you have a plan that results in a 9-6 Republican advantage, it's
not neutral."
Democrats argue that the process shouldn't place their party
at such a disadvantage, given the evenly matched numbers in the
last election. Al Gore won 51 percent of the vote, and current
U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow won her seat with the same margin last
November.
The Republican plan moves boundaries to make it much easier
for current Secretary of State Candice Miller to win the re-drawn
district formerly held by Bonior in Macomb County.
U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers of Brighton, who squeaked by in winning
his seat in Congress last November, got a substantially more
Republican district in the redrawing process. The new plan will
force Downriver Democratic Rep. John Dingell and Ann Arbor Congressional
Democrat Lynn Rivers to vie for the same seat. U.S. Rep. Dale
Kildee of Flint and James Barcia of Bay City will also be forced
to fight for the same seat.
The Michigan Democratic Party is suing to have the lines re-drawn,
and they're taking their case to federal court - knowing that
they have little chance of winning in the Michigan Supreme Court.
Candice Miller was the subject of the suit - it was alleged that
the new plan violates the federal Voting Rights Act, which says
states cannot discriminate against minorities when district boundaries
are re-drawn.
The lawsuit may bring changes - The 1991-1992 congressional
redistricting was ultimately done by a federal court, after it
rejected plans put forward by the Democrats and by the Republicans
as too partisan.
Michigan House of Representative - This body is now
controlled by a 57-52 Republican majority, and the gerrymandering
process is expected to boost the GOP advantage to favor that
party in as many as 63 districts.
The City of Detroit is a big loser in the process, reflecting
its loss of population. A large portion of the east side of the
city, for example, is expected to be placed in the district of
a Grosse Pointe Republican.
"This is a blueprint for diluting minority voting districts,"
said Sen. Joseph Young, Jr., D-Detroit, providing for the argument
in the court or appeals.
The Michigan Senate - It's expected to be equally bloody
for Democrats in this chamber. Republicans currently enjoy a
22-15 majority, and analysts now say with luck, the GOP could
gain as many as 25 seats. Republicans have so much control that
they could afford to alienate their less-conservative members
by moving boundaries that favor senators who are more conservative.
Statewide offices - Offices like Michigan governor,
secretary of state, and attorney general won't be affected by
redistricting.
Through all the speculation, in the political process, the
right candidates have to be found, the right campaigns have to
be run, and the voters in the newly formed districts have to
vote the way the Republican gerrymanderers think they will. Things
may not turn out the way they planned. Still
"The Republican Party owns the process this time around
... that's never happened before," said John Chamberlin,
associate dean of Michigan's Gerald R. Ford School of Public
Policy in a published report. "They're going to get the
chance to stack the deck for a decade."
TOP.
Ford Field is actually two projects being handled simultaneously.
One is the renovation of the 80-year-old Hudson's warehouse,
which will form the south wall of the stadium and will house
luxury suites, press box, restaurants, food courts, lounge areas,
banquet facilities and retail and office space. That portion
of the project is being managed by White/Olson. Calling the plays
for the rest of the stadium job outside of the warehouse are
Hunt Construction Group and Jenkins Construction.
Ground was broken on the project on Nov. 16, 1999, and the
entire project is set for completion on July 1, 2002. The stadium
will seat 65,000 and will cost more than $300 million.
Tom Lewand, the Lions' vice president for stadium development,
earlier this year talked about a number of features of the new
stadium. The priority listed here is in the eye of the beholder:
The unconventional stadium is also being constructed unconventionally.
The stadium's upper bowl is rising first, followed by the roof.
The lower bowl will be dug out after most of the buildings exterior
is complete in order to make it easier to build the rest of the
structure. For the sake of worker safety, steel trusses that
will support the roof are being constructed on the field and
are being lifted into place.
Ford Field will be the home to Super Bowl XL on Feb. 5, 2006.
"You are not going to see another one of these or anything
even close to it any place," said Michael McGunn, project
manager for SmithGroup, the lead design and engineering team.
"The connection to a warehouse hasn't been done in football.
Even in baseball, the warehouse in Baltimore at Camden Yards
is across the street. At this stadium, when you are in the warehouse,
you are in the stadium.".
Introduced by GOP Sen. Bill Bullard, Jr., the Injuring Highway
Construction Workers Act is a response to increased road construction
over the last several years - and the increase in road worker
injuries and fatalities.
Under the legislation, motorists driving drunk who are responsible
for causing injury or death to workers in construction zones
would be charged with a felony plus larger fines. A conviction
would bring a maximum sentence of up to 15 years.
The bill would also mandate denial or revocation of the motorist's
license if he or she is found guilty for the reckless death of
a highway construction zone worker. The legislation goes well
beyond the current law, which doubles penalties in work zones
but does not necessarily mandate a charge of a felony.
Bullard said the measures complements legislation addressing
the injury or death of police officers and emergency services
personnel that was passed into law last year.
"Establishing tough penalties for violating construction
zone speed limits and traffic controls sends a strong, clear
message to all drivers that those orange barrels and cautionary
signs must be obeyed," he said. . We need to ensure our
highway construction workers are just as safe and well protected."
Fitters'
warmth sends welcome chill to St. Pat's
Modernizing the 75-year-old mechanical systems at Detroit's
St. Patrick's Senior Center has taken nearly four years, hundreds
of hours of volunteer labor, and thousands of dollars in at-cost
and donated supplies.
The inner-city Detroit parish off of Woodward has been the
recipient of such generosity because of all the good it does.
The parish's senior center serves 6,000 meals a month and offers
meals, medical and dental care to the area's low-income senior
citizens.
Over the years, Pipe Fitters Local 636 and their contractors
and suppliers have teamed up to help the parish improve and upgrade
its steam heating system, as well as take care of numerous other
miscellaneous jobs. The latest project should address the parish's
needs for the foreseeable future - installation of a permanent
cooling system on a converted cold food pantry behind the senior
center, which replaces a nearby old refrigerated truck trailer
that was intended to be "temporary" when it was first
installed 20 years ago.
Journeymen pipe fitters Mike Pitts, Bob Miller and apprentice
Chris Gouin, all W.J. O'Neil employees, each volunteered their
time to relocate the existing evaporator, installing a new condenser
and putting in new wiring to keep the food storage locker area
cold for years to come. Toiling after work and on weekends, they
each put in 30-40 hours on the project.
"We're pretty fortunate, we have a good job and earn
good money," Pitts said. "There are a lot of less-fortunate
people out there, and the people at St. Pat's do a great job
of helping them out. This is our way of giving something back
to the community." Added Miller: "The church has been
around a few years, and it needs some work. This is for a good
cause, so I'm happy to help out."
Pipe Fitters Local 636 Business Manager Jim Lapham said the
first time he had heard of St. Patrick's was when its executive
director, Sister Mary Watson, was on the radio and mentioned
the need for volunteers to repair their steam heating system.
"I talked to her because I thought she needed her boiler
fixed," Lapham said. "But she told me, 'no, we need
a new boiler.' Well that would have cost about $300,000. It turns
out that Detroit Edison, which feeds them their steam, was threatening
to turn off the supply, but they changed their mind, thank God.
"So we didn't have to find a new boiler, but she did
have a whole list of things that needed to be done, and now I
think that we're about at the end of the list. I'm afraid to
ask if she's happy because she's probably going to find something
else for us to do," Lapham joked.
She's happy. The entire senior center is happy.
"It was just Cadillac workmanship, we're ecstatic,"
said Jackie Brown, the senior center's office manager. Sister
Mary was on vacation last week. "A lot of people think that
money alone is the answer, but it isn't. We could never afford
all the work they did. They gave so much of their time and effort
to help us, and we're so grateful."
"The guys really did a great job, they devoted a whole
weekend to getting the job done," said Local 636 BA Frank
Wiechert. "It really shows how helpful union people care
about their community."
Boilermakers
have a go-'round with orbital welding training
Not long ago, Magnatech President John Emmerson received a
desperate call on a Friday afternoon from a welding contractor
building a power plant on a Caribbean island.
Twenty percent of his workforce walked off the job that day,
and he had a tall order: could Connecticut-based Magnatech deliver
orbital mechanized welding machines to the island by Monday morning?
The contractor figured that even though his existing workforce
had little or no experience with orbital welding, the use of
the machines - which cost an average of $50,000 each - could
make up for the loss of manpower, and keep his construction project
on schedule.
"It didn't matter whether we could get the machines there,
I told him he's got it all wrong," said Emmerson. "You
can't expect this machinery to come in on one day, and the next
day make it work for you. That's why I like what the Boilermakers
are doing. They're giving their people adequate time to train,
without saying, 'tomorrow, you're going to have to produce.'
The machine is dumb. It needs trained people to operate it."
Last month, Boilermakers Local 169, in conjunction with Magnatech
and two other firms, sponsored a two-week-long seminar to train
union instructors in the use of orbital mechanized welding. The
process was first developed about 30 years ago in the nuclear
power and aerospace industries, and today the system is used
in just about any industry that uses welded tubes and pipes.
Orbital welding takes the task of holding a stick and torch
and puts it into a machine process, which results in an orbital
weld 360 degrees around a tube. The process can yield greater
speed and productivity - in the right application. The system
works best when the handler sets up the workflow to include similar-sized
pipes in a repetitive set-up.
"It's an expensive technology, but it's here to stay,"
said Local 169 Business Manager John Marek. "More and more
customers, particularly the utilities, want people who are qualified
in orbital welding, and this is our way of making sure our people
are able to man those jobs."
In some ways, use of the machine is effective simply because
it doesn't require breaks and doesn't get sore shoulders. Given
a suitable application, mechanized welding productivity can realistically
increase three-fold over manual welding, but preparation means
everything in the process.
Ten Boilermaker instructors, from both Local 169 and Toledo
Local 85, took part in the week-long training. The local bought
a machine and rented two for the training program. Tony Jacobs,
Local 169's president and apprenticeship coordinator, said armed
with their new knowledge, the local's training staff will develop
a training curriculum and mesh it into the Boilermakers' existing
certified welder program.
"It's pretty slick," said Local 169 instructor Rich
Cowley. "At times you just can't use it, especially when
there are space limitations. But in the right application, it
definitely saves time."
NEWS
BRIEFS
Workers shortchanged with jobless money
With a good - but in many areas of the state, not great
- summer of work opportunities, many Hardhats are seeing signs
of a return to the reality of the boom-bust cycle of construction
industry.
That means that increasing numbers of building trades workers
are relying on state Unemployment Insurance to help get them
over the rough financial spots - and as we've pointed out several
times in the last few months, they're finding they're not getting
as much help as they might have expected.
Every few months, we get a press release wherein the Michigan
Unemployment Agency continues to tout the state's business climate
while rubbing salt into the wound of the state's workers. Late
last month, their press advisory announced that Michigan's unemployment
benefits trust fund is at a record-high $3.1 billion. In addition,
the estimated tax rate for Michigan employers dropped in 2000
to 2.60 percent from 2.66 percent in 1999.
"Michigan gave most employers a 10 percent across-the-board
cut in jobless taxes last year as well as a reduction in one
of the tax rate components," the press release said. "The
cuts were triggered by a high cash reserve in the state's unemployment
insurance trust fund."
Good for the employers. But workers are continuing to get
the short end of the stick. In an era of record trust fund reserves,
the Unemployment Insurance benefit has been capped at $300 per
week since 1995, with no allowance to adjust for inflation. That
task was taken care of by Gov. John Engler and the Republican-dominated
state legislature.
If that bill had not passed into law, and the old rules were
still in effect, the maximum Unemployment Insurance benefit would
now be $414.39 cents a week.
Proposals to increase that benefit amount by democratic lawmakers
have gone nowhere.
Wage increases move higher
Through mid-year 2001, wage and benefit settlements in
the U.S. construction industry have resulted in an average first-year
increase of $1.54 or 5.0 percent.
The report, released by the Construction Labor Research Council,
said the "East North Central Region," which includes
Michigan, had the largest number of contract settlements compared
to the rest of the nation, and that helped weight the average
to a higher level.
Last year, the average construction increase was $1.23 per
hour or 4.1 percent. Most new contracts are for the traditional
three-year periods, but "a number of four-year contracts
have also been signed," the CLRC said. The group said a
more detailed report will be issued later in the year.
Prevention is focus of new chief OSHA
President Bush's acting chief at the Occupational Safety
and Health Administration said injury prevention and compliance
"assistance" will be the focus of his department.
R. Davis Layne said the "message to me" from his
immediate boss, Labor Secretary Elaine Chao, "is that we
have to do more to reach the workplace to prevent unsafe or unhealthful
working conditions from occurring before OSHA gets there, and
not after the fact."Soon the venerable New York Times will have a new home in the
heart of Manhattan, its first new headquarters office building since the
current one was completed in 1913. The transparent glass tower, 52 stories
high, will overlook the Times Square Redevelopment area on Eighth Avenue
between Fortieth and Forty-first Streets.
Early in 2003, a group of visitors from the New York Times Company and
its design and engineering contractors paid a visit to Berkeley Lab's
Environmental Energy Technologies Division (EETD) to talk about making
buildings energy-efficient, comfortable, and productive places to work.
They spent a day learning about the Lab's research in commercial-buildings
energy efficiency, glazing, daylighting, lighting, and thermal comfort
from EETD's Stephen Selkowitz, Mary Ann Piette, Francis Rubinstein, Eleanor
Lee, and others. As a result of that visit, the New York Times Company
and Berkeley Lab's EETD are beginning a cooperative research project to
test new technologies to increase the energy-efficiency of the new building
and to improve the indoor environment for the comfort of its occupants.
As a major building owner, the Times found it difficult to specify with
confidence a cost-effective, fully integrated glazing (window) and lighting
control system. Berkeley Lab's Building Technologies staff has been researching
these topics for several years with Department of Energy and California
Energy Commission support. The new Times building is an opportunity to
extend and apply Berkeley Lab's prior research, making available more
efficient and cost-effective systems not only to the Times Company but
to other owners and design teams.
The research focuses on integrated technologies to reduce electric lighting
energy use through daylighting, while controlling glare and cooling loads
in this highly glazed building. Researchers are testing alternative hardware
and control solutions in a newly constructed, 4,500 square foot mockup
of a portion of the building.
The research program will not only quantify performance alternatives,
but will provide the New York Times Company with critical performance
information so that it can publish a procurement specification for the
technology solutions for the entire building. The project is being funded
by the New York Times Company and the New York State Energy Research and
Development Authority, with costs shared by the U.S. Department of Energy
and the California Energy Commission.
Pushing the daylighting envelope
"We've known since the 1970s that daylighting can reduce lighting
energy use," says Building Technologies Department Head Stephen Selkowitz.
"But the mere use of large glass areas is not in itself a guarantee
that energy savings or comfort will be achieved, because there are so
many trade-offs involved."
Selkowitz notes that "it's been difficult to make as much progress
in the use of daylighting as we have in other areas of lighting and glazing
technology for a variety of reasons. at all times."
Adds Selkowitz, "The cost of components for successful daylighting
can be high, like dimmable electronic ballasts" which control
fluorescent lights "and the systems with their sensors and controls
require careful calibration after they are installed, something that is
not done very often in buildings today.".
"The project will contribute to Berkeley Lab's longer term energy
efficiency research goals in several ways," says Selkowitz. "Simulation
and field testing will provide a measured database of performance quantifying
the benefits of an optimized solution for this building's design. The
project will include a calibration and commissioning task, which will
help lower costs and improve the operation of the installed systems."
Selkowitz also points to the involvement of numerous manufacturers in
the field test program, which will "directly involve the manufacturers
with the design integration and calibration strategies. And finally, the
very large procurement of an integrated daylighting system based on open,
performance-based specifications should help move the market towards greater
availability and lower costs for these energy-saving building systems."
The building as a contribution to civic life
When the New York Times Company decided to erect a new building, creating
a comfortable working environment for its employees was one of its highest
priorities, along with energy-efficiency. The building was designed to
have transparency, both to bring in the daylight, and to serve as a reminder
of the mission of the newspaper: providing information "transparency"
about the civic life of the nation and the city. To help create a connection
to the community, the building will have an auditorium at the ground floor
for civic and cultural events. The newsroom will occupy floors two through
seven.
An unusual feature of the building, one more common in Europe than in
U.S., will be its fully glazed curtain wall. Thin horizontal ceramic tubes
placed on a steel framework one and a half feet in front of the glass
will screen the double glazed, spectrally selective, low-emissivity, full-height
glass wall around the building, thus reducing the building's cooling loads.
(Low-emissivity glass is an energy-efficient material that helps reduce
heating and cooling use.).
The building will unite most of the 2,500 Manhattan-based employees of
the Times Company, which currently has offices at seven locations in New
York City. "This building is designed from the ground up to reinforce
the values of the New York Times Company," said Michael Golden, vice
chairman of the Times Company, when the plan was announced late in 2002.
"The open plan and ease of communication, both vertically and horizontally,
will enhance collaboration. Our new physical environment will improve
the way we work, which is the highest calling of architecture."
The building was designed by architect Renzo Piano, a winner of the prestigious
Pritzker Prize in 1998, in collaboration with Fox & Fowle Architects.
Construction will start later in 2004, and its expected completion date
is mid-2006.
Piano is well-known for his design of the Centre Georges Pompidou in
Paris, Osaka's Kansai International Airport, and Berlin's Potsdamer
Platz, among many others. Fox & Fowle received a National Honor Award
for Design from the American Institute of Architects in 2000 for their
design of the Condé Nast Building at 4 Times Square, which emphasizes
state-of-the-art energy efficiency and other environmentally responsible
features.
The Energy-Efficient New York Times
Building, part 2For over 70 years we have been providing electrical solutions for commercial and industrial facilities. As a full-service electrical contractor we are able to provide everything from design and build to maintenance and service. We have the skills and expertise necessary to do all electrical work, large or small, on all types of commercial and manufacturing facilities. Let our industry based experience and knowledge provide you with the electrical services you need. With our affordable rates and fast service we are company you can rely on.The Lord is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit. Psalm 34:18
December 1st. I’m amazed! The date on the calendar shows we have just entered the last month of the calendar year. As I listen to conversations all around me I recognize, I’m not the only one who feels this year has raced past as a hare to beat the tortoise.
Regardless here I am on December 1st trying to wrap my brain around the idea of Christmas. I don’t feel at all like celebrating Christmas in a traditional American sense. Our hearts are too broken and our spirit is crushed.
Thankfully, our Father has an answer for this condition. The Lord Himself, He says He is close to those of us who are brokenhearted and crushed in spirit. These few words bring such comfort and draw me back to a time as a baby girl when I would enjoy curling up on a protective lap.
Today I am focusing in on the nearness of God through His Spirit – His indwelling presence. I have to stop and really concentrate on the fact that He is not just hanging around the house with me – though He is Emmanuel, God with us – He lives IN me.
Father, thank You for being near us in our crushed brokenness. Thank You, Jesus, for knowing better than anyone else what that feels like. May I – we – be so tangibly aware of Your presence as we draw near the celebration of Your birth this year – 2017. For Your glory… for Your glory, and for our healing and purification. Amen.
Linking up with Kate Motaung and the Five Minute Friday community of faith writers today. Kate’s word to ponder and write about: {near}
Come join us today. Ponder the word {near} Set your timer for 5 minutes and write with us.
13 thoughts on “He is near in our crushed brokenness”
Precious verses to remember when grief mixes with our holiday “spirit”…..
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks, Jennifer, for stopping by and for adding value to our conversation here at Eyes on Jesus.💜☕🏡
Thank you for sharing this sweet sentiment. I am glad I read it today.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I needed this reminder, today. Thank you.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Me too, Phyllis. Thank you for spending some of your precious time with me today!
LikeLiked by 1 person
“…He is not just hanging around the house with me – though He is Emmanuel, God with us – He lives IN me.”
Isn’t it strange how we know this, yet we struggle to remember? Reading your sentence here startled me. God is always with me. As you say, in me. He chose me and made His home in me. What a comfort that is.
Thank you, Marie! I appreciate you spending time here with me. Bless you, friend, with the awe and wonder in spirit and in truth of Jesus, our Savior!
I quoted this verse too! It is so comforting to remember that he is with us, especially when we feel broken. I think Emmanuel is probably my favourite name of God!
Lisa, I join you in training ourselves to continually receive Him. Looking forward to more of you posts this month. Blessings on your Friday, Julie
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks, Julie!! You’re simply precious
LikeLiked by 1 person
My favorite part of the Advent season is that the meaning of Emmanuel is God with us. Yes, he’s with us through all the messy. Stopping by from #fmf.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I might be learning the best truest meaning of Christmas this year!
Thanks for spending your precious time here with me. With you on the journey.💔Talking to my role model
My experience reuniting with Ariana Grande
If you’re passionate about something and it brings you joy, my advice is to go for it.
It wasn’t until I was 15 years old that I realized this valuable lesson.
It may sound silly, but Ariana Grande has been a driving force in making me who I am today.
I’ve been a fan since her early YouTube days and have grown up watching her become the star that she is today. Her fame has given her an outlet to speak up for those less vocal, which she has done so passionately. For myself and others, she is the ideal role model.
To many, aspiring to meet your favorite singer isn’t a plausible short term goal. But at 15 years old, I knew that being able to talk to Grande would be a dream come true. So, I went out and did it.
With the help of my family, close friends and an album promotion in New York City, I was able to find Grande for a selfie.
It may have just been a photo and a hello, but it meant the whole world to me at that age. Meeting her opened my mind to the possibilities of fulfilling dreams. If I could meet my role model on the streets of New York, I could make anything happen.
That was 2013. I’ve seen Grande three more times since, but with no luck of reuniting. Since 2013, Grande has been nominated for Grammys, gained international fame and ventured on world tours.
If I ever wished to talk to my role model again, a New York City selfie stop was an unlikely route.
Meeting Grande again meant investing in a VIP experience, which became more and more expensive as the years progressed. The experience that shaped me became something that could be purchased by just about anyone with money, rather than something achieved by fan dedication.
When I found out her Dangerous Woman Tour would be making a stop in Buffalo, I was ecstatic. This would finally be my golden opportunity to thank my role model for shaping me into the man I am today.
I’m not an advocate for spending large amounts of money. I buy most of my clothes thrifting, I love to explore garage sales and sometimes I just grow my hair out because haircuts can get a little pricy. I knew I had a difficult financial decision to make if I wanted to talk to her again.
After much contemplation, I decided to purchase my meet and greet ticket.
Feb. 21 came sooner than I expected.
After arriving at the Key Bank Center and checking in to the VIP booth, I ventured on a backstage tour and attended her question and answer event.
Finally, it was time for the meet and greet. I lined up backstage with other fans, who all were going through the same emotions.
When it was my turn to speak to Grande, I froze up. I didn’t realize the girl in front of me had already finished her session, so I just kind of stood there in disbelief.
She and the security guard gestured for me to enter the room. I walked right in, introduced myself and gave her the biggest hug.
Before my photo opportunity, I made sure to let her know just how much she’s done for me. She thanked me, smiled and we hugged again.
For our photo, she pressed her face up to mine, I smiled bigger than I ever have and the photo booth’s timer went off.
My picture was over with. Before leaving I looked at my role model, said “good luck tonight,” and prepared to make my way out of the room after she thanked me.
Before I opened the curtain to head out, Grande added, “I like your hair. It’s so awesome!”
Needless to say, it will not be going near a pair of scissors anytime soon.
After my meet and greet, I made a turn down the hall and ran into her videographer and Justin Bieber’s best buddy, Alfredo Flores.
Flores stopped me and asked to interview me about what I expressed to Grande in the photo booth. Having someone that I’ve known of for years interview me just added to the night’s surreal feeling.
After all this went down I still had a fourth-row seat for Grande and had the time of my life at the show.
I learned a few very important lessons from this meet and greet experience:
The first lesson I learned is to never get a haircut again. If Ariana Grande loves my hair, I refuse to let a single soul touch these curls.
The second, more genuine lesson is that there is no better feeling in the world than telling those you appreciate how much you love them. It’s such a simple concept, but showing gratitude is one of the most fulfilling feelings imaginable.
Finally, the most important of the bunch – I will always allow my passions to have a say in my decision making. Talking to my role model brought me so much joy and since I was passionate enough to go for it, I’m never doubting those instincts again.
Brenton J. Blanchet is an arts staff writer and can be reached at arts@ubspectrum.com
Please note All comments are eligible for publication in The Spectrum.Phew! It’s been a busy start to 2013! I have so many things on my plate: pending transition, completing my certificate in event management, job searching, making time for friends etc. In addition to those things, I always make time to do something daily toward my dream of being a writer. I’ve written articles, entered two poetry contests, and pitched various publications. I encourage you to do the same and work toward your dream. Take little steps each day that will lead you closer to your BIG DREAM.
___________________________________________________________________________________
My church small group just finished reading The Dream Giver by Bruce Wilkinson (author of the Prayer of Jabez). The first part uses an allegorical account of a Nobody named Ordinary from the land of Familiar. He breaks through his Comfort Zone in search of his Big Dream in the Promise Land. In the second half of the book, Wilkinson serves as the reader’s dream coach where he answers individual’s questions relating to their struggles as they pursue their dreams. Wow.
This book is amazing. On a general level, it really brings to light the struggle that we as humans face as we pursue our God-given dreams. These dreams are all relative – some desire to be an activist traveling the world on behalf of a particular cause. Others desire to raise a family (both are certainly valuable and have their place in society).
Whether or not the person decides to pursue these desires or dreams is an individual choice. Many people feel trapped by their current circumstances or have families so they do what’s necessary to make ends meet. The book addresses the fear and anxiety of stepping out on faith and chasing your dream.
This book was life-changing because it allowed me to re-think how I perceive and pursue my dreams. Here are a few things that I gained from the book:
1. The Dream Giver (God) asks for Ordinary to give his dream back to Him. I know you’re wondering why God would want us to submit our dream when He is the one who gives us the dream in the first place. It’s definitely a choice – God doesn’t pressure us. God wants us to submit our dreams to Him so He knows where we stand. Will we worship our dream or Him? I think sometimes we unintentionally make our dream an idol. It’s okay to really want to do something but ultimately God cares more about our relationship than even our dream. Secondly, I think God wants us to submit our dream because we might think we have a dream but He surpasses the limited view of our dream. He often changes our desires along the journey and gives us back our dream and it’s better than we could ever imagine.
2. Dreams are mostly about others rather than yourself. We all might have self-serving dreams – that’s okay. In the larger scheme of things, we are meant to have a greater purpose. Our dreams should reflect how we use our God-given talent and gifts to benefit others. We’re contributing to the lives of others and blessing others. In turn, we’re being blessed because we’re able to reach beyond our lives and circumstances. We’re meant to have “outward focusing” ministry and Jesus is the best example of that. How can your talents and gift impact the world or the world around you?
3. Just because you know your dream doesn’t mean the road to completing it will be easy. In the book, Ordinary journeyed through many places before reaching the Promise Land. First, he broke out of his Comfort Zone. This is often time difficult to do because – well it’s comfortable! We know what to expect and that can cause us to get stuck in life. Ordinary was in search of a better life and he knew he had to start looking beyond his Comfort Zone. Then he went through the Wasteland, which is characterized by doubt and delay. This just emphasized to me that sometimes our dreams won’t instantly appear and we go through a period where we might not see it manifest. During this time, it’s crucial that you keep the faith and push through it. Nothing is a waste in our lives. Romans 8:28 says that all things work together for good for those who are called according to his glory. Then Ordinary ventured into the Sanctuary. This was truly a time of communion between him and the Dream Giver. He washed away all the remnants of the Wasteland and Ordinary set out in search of his Big Dream once again. Finally, Ordinary made it to the Promise Land where his dream manifested. It was better than he could ever imagine. In practical terms, once you set out to pursue your dream, don’t expect to fall into place at one time. It is a process. There will be times when you doubt but forge ahead in pursuit of your dream anyway.
4. People play important roles in your dreams. On his journey, Ordinary faced different types of people including Border Bullies, which are people who challenged his dream. These Bullies were his family and best friend. They had the best intentions but they still intended to discourage Ordinary from pursuing his dream based on their fears. Ordinary encountered four types of Bullies: The Alarmist “It’s not safe!”), The Traditionalist (“It’s not the way we do it!”), The Defeatist (“It’s not possible”), and the The Antagonist (“I won’t let you”) As you pursue your dream, it’s normal to encounter people who don’t understand or even express negative thoughts about your dream. It’s especially hurtful when these sentiments come from family members. It’s important to keep your dream in mind and how much you want to pursue it in mind during these difficult times when you experience opposition from others. Keep pushing – it’s also necessary to protect your dream by sharing with people who are supportive, but who will also provide constructive criticism.
Ultimately, Ordinary makes it to the Promise Land – it truly surpassed his expectations! It was so much that occurred throughout his journey that it’s impossible to cover in just one article. The lessons learned in this book are essential as you purse your God-given dream. Happy dream chasing!Belkin 4 Port USB 2.0 Swivel Hub
$28.99
BELKIN F5U415 Swivel Hub Type: USB Standards: USB 2.0/1.1 Ports: 4-Port Transfer Rate: 1.5/12/480Mbps Features: Adds four Hi-Speed USB 2.0 ports with transfer speeds of up to 480Mbps Features 2-way swivel connector; Rotates 180 degrees, out of the way of adjacent ports Allows angle-up positioning for easy access, top-loading
Where to buy
Find the best deal for Belkin 4 Port USB 2.0 SwivelPalmdale Best Payday Loan Company
(Remember, there are over 20,000 lenders out there that want you to do business with them, best payday loan company in California.
Using your credit card to pay utility bills over the counter at a bank or a post office is often classified as a cash advance.
Once your loan has been funded, you can collect your money at a neighborhood location and drive away - regardless of your credit score.
Direct lender payday loan california the companies we list here recieved the highest customer satisfaction rating out of over 150 different companies.
In most cases, we can have you approved the same day if we receive your application by 4:30 EST.
Kroger Money Services can help you make the right call, best payday loan company in Palmdale!
Family members and others who are familiar with the signers values and wishes have no legal standing to interpret the meaning of the directive.
Seeing as there are commonly additional fees along with conditions concealed there.
We have great success in finding the best loan terms for those seeking
Best Payday Loan Company
Make sure you know exactly which fees your bank or mortgage company is charging, and how much they are, before committing to any loan or line of credit, best payday loan company in 93551.
If you are currently in a part 9 debt agreement we are unable to process your loan application.
When you are a Fan you also get special offers and inside information straight from this business!
▪ New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico ▪ New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania ▪ ▪
Filling in the online form should not take longer than 5 minutesAnd, while the reasons you may need the money can be complicated, the process to get the loan is simple, best payday loan company.
Saturday: 10:00 am to 4:00 pm Small business owners in need of quick access to funds often find themselves searching for reliable financing alternatives when their loan applications are rejected.
First year students should complete the SALT Course – Budgeting.
Payday loans near 77449 second, once the lending platform is established and the funding is in place, an issuer in an exempt offering has minimal ongoing compliance requirements with regard to the offering materials.
I think I found the code in the Higher Education Act SEC.
Testimonials
25 August 2015
I wandered in after paying $2 entry cost and just located cheaper avenue parking elsewhere.
The market itself is massive. I mean HUGE. a block is crossed by The real-estate to a different building, consequently be sure you go explore that spot also. to Get A deadly person including myself, I've to disclose that I used to be very misplaced within. I hoped to walk in, uncover some pre-arranged bouquets, and go out. But nope - the type and you&lsquo sells largely every one of the blossoms;ll have to make your own personal arrangement.
06 February 2016
His bank abilities so superb. He told me a great deal about disadvantages and advantages of any card. Because of him I good therefore excellent credit point.
Also he sort my difficulties with pursuit software. Thus pleased to have him at the chase bank. Rapid, clever and qualified. Many thanks crackthisgame.info my morning You made,. This area got drive-thru ATM machine! this the place If r seeking speedy deposits. The folks at crackthisgame.info are extremely great and valuable. if there is something they are able to do to assist you They're always greeting you and wondering.
28 March 2016
I would suggest likely to him, he's personable, will clarify the history and will request you inquiries about oneself. I left like he was a nearby friend as opposed to a stranger feeling,.
crackthisgame.info crackthisgame.info caused me over a a wedding ring upgrade. After 21 years of union my man desired to do something wonderful for me personally. Robert was patient and really kind at every move as well as in the conclusion I'd just what I wanted.
ZIP codes near Palmdale
Best Payday Loan CompanyVice. 'Bridge to Space,' our nation will return to the moon, and we will put American boots on the face of Mars."MARTIN O’Neill has given his battle-weary troops a few days off to rest and recover ahead of the biggest week of Villa’s season.
With several key players not fully fit, O’Neill is making the most of a rare fixture-free midweek to allow them chance to recuperate.
And the boss hopes the likes of Gabby Agbonlahor, Stiliyan Petrov and Stephen Warnock will reap the benefits.
From Sunday, O’Neill’s men face a daunting week which could shape their season as they continue challenging on three fronts.
Villa host Burnley in the Premier League on Sunday before entertaining Crystal Palace in a fifth-round FA Cup replay on Wednesday evening.
And the hectic period ends with the Carling Cup final against Manchester United at Wembley a week on Sunday.
“We’re still there and we’ll just keep going,” said O’Neill.
“Obviously there’s the chance that you’re going to run the risk of injuries, burnout, all those type of things, but we’re still there, that’s the key point.
“I think what happens is that whatever’s next up you go to try and concentrate on that and next up is Burnley on Sunday. “We’ve played a lot of games so I’ve given the players a few days off which I think they’ve deserved because the likes of James Milner and Gabby Agbonlahor really have had no pre-season.
“So it’s a matter of resting those boys as much as we can. That’s the balancing act that we’re trying to do at the moment.”
O’Neill is optimistic that Agbonlahor who was left out of last Sunday’s draw at Palace, Emile Heskey who came off at half-time and Petrov and Warnock, who were surprise inclusions at Selhurst Park, will overcome their respective injury problems in time for Sunday.
“Gabby trained yesterday morning,” he added.
“Hopefully there is no reaction to that. Stephen Warnock, after playing, trained yesterday and was feeling not so bad.
“Emile Heskey has trained, so we will see if there is any reaction from people. It’s encouraging on Gabby’s front as much as anything else.
“Gabby’s is a soft tissue injury, I think Wayne Rooney went through him with about 10 minutes to go.
“Stiliyan didn’t do any training yesterday, but he played when I didn’t think he had any chance.”
Manchester United will have an extra day’s preparation time over Villa with Sir Alex Ferguson’s title-chasers in Premier League action at home to West Ham 24 hours before Villa’s FA Cup replay against Palace.
And O’Neill admits United’s squad is much better equipped than Villa’s to cope with the demands of challenging for multiple honours.
“Ideally it would have been fine if we’d had no midweek game leading up to Manchester United,” added O’Neill.
“They can at least spread their team, as Alex Ferguson has said dozens and dozen of times.
“He trusts his squad to go out and perform and play. He’s got players who will play midweek in the league who probably won’t figure in the League Cup final and vice versa.
“Ideally, it would have been great to have gone straight through in the FA Cup but we’re still in it and once Stiliyan Petrov equalised in the game I was as ecstatic as anybody.”.
2007 - Women Work!
Barbara Corcoran
From waitress to $5M real estate company and Shark Tank panelist, Barbara motivates audiences with her life's journey to success
2007 - CRVMPI & Westfield Chapter of MPI
Duane Cashin
Duane's motivational speeches spark your passion for success & drive you to achieve your personal best in business, sales and life
2007 - LIMRA Lynette Owens Luncheon
John Cassis
Former inspirational speaker for the Chicago Bears, minister and baseball player whose stories embrace change & re-energize lives
2006 - Lynette Owens/Financial Services Marketing Association
Steve Gilliland
Steve is a motivational speaker & master storyteller who uses the power of humor to entertain and empower his audience
2006 - ASAE & Center for Association Leadership Annual Conference
Jon Stetson
Magician, mentalist & comedian delivers an experiential-based program designed to provide a personal branding strategy that works
2006 - FICP Northeast Chapter
Larry Brudnicki
Captain of the Coast Guard ship that performed two dramatic rescues during the worst storm in over 100 years - “The Perfect Storm"
2006 - CMP Conclave
Robert Wendover
Specializes in assisting organizations with intergenerational relations and other management issues
2006 - FICP – Education Forum
Jon Stetson
Magician, mentalist & comedian delivers an experiential-based program designed to provide a personal branding strategy that worksMilligan, Youngblood open with 75s in U.S. Women’s Amateur Championship
SPRINGFIELD, Pa. – Mika Liu, at 5-under 66, sits alone atop the 2016 U.S. Womenâ€™s Amateur Championship leader board after Mondayâ€™s first round of stroke play at the 6,259-yard, par-71 Rolling Green Golf Club.
Liâ€™s Amateur champion Hye-Jin Choi, 16, of the Republic of Korea; Annika Clark, 19, of Highlands, Texas; 2016 U.S. Womenâ€™s Amateur Four-Ball co-champion Hailee Cooper, 16, of Montgomery, Texas; 2010 U.S. Girlsâ€™ Junior runner-up Katelyn Dambaugh, 21, of Goose Creek, S.C.; and 2016 USA Curtis Cup Team member Mariel Galdiano, 18, of Pearl City, Hawaii.
The 2016 U.S. Womenâ€™s Amateur Championship, conducted by the United States Golf Association, is open to female amateur golfers with a Handicap IndexÂ® not exceeding 5.4. It consists of two 18-hole rounds of stroke play followed by six rounds of match play, with the championship scheduled to conclude with a 36-hole final on Sunday.
Oklahomans Kaitlin Milligan of Norman and Sydney Youngblood of Durant both shot 4-over 75s in the first round. Both will likely have to trim their scores by 3-4 shots Tuesday to make the 64-person field for match play which begins Wednesday.
The match-play rounds of the 2016 U.S. Womenâ€™s Amateur Championship will be broadcast on Fox Sports 1. Coverage will be from 3-6 p.m. EDT Wednesday through Friday, and from 1-4 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Exclusive bonus coverage will be streamed live on usga.org on Thursday and Sunday from 10 a.m. to noon.
Results
SPRINGFIELD, Pa. – Results from the first round of stroke-play qualifying at the 2016 U.S. Womenâ€™s Amateur Championship at the 6,259-yard, par-71 Rolling Green Golf Club:
Mika Liu, Beverly Hills, Calif. 33-33–66
Lucy Li, Redwood Shores, Calif. 34-33–67
Yuka Saso, Philippines 34-33–67
Annika Clark, Highlands, Texas 34-34–68
Hailee Cooper, Montgomery, Texas 34-34–68
Hye-Jin Choi, Republic of Korea 33-35–68
Katelyn Dambaugh, Goose Creek, S.C. 37-31–68
Mariel Galdiano, Pearl City, Hawaii 35-33–68
Tiffany Chan, Hong Kong China 33-35–68
Anita Uwadia, Nigeria 35-34–69
Bailey Tardy, Norcross, Ga. 34-35–69
Eun Jeong Seong, Republic of Korea 36-33–69
Karis Davidson, Australia 35-34–69
Lauren Stephenson, Lexington, S.C. 34-35–69
Rinko Mitsunaga, Roswell, Ga. 35-34–69
Shannon Brooks, Vienna, Va. 34-35–69
Yu Eun Eunice Kim, Australia 35-34–69
Anneliese Newell, Tampa, Fla. 37-33–70
Ashley Holder, Orlando, Fla. 36-34–70
Bethany Wu, Diamond Bar, Calif. 35-35–70
Chakansim (Fai) Khamborn, Thailand 35-35–70
Cheyenne Knight, Aledo, Texas 35-35–70
Gabrielle Shipley, Hastings, Mich. 35-35–70
Margaret Shirley-Starosto, Roswell, Ga. 33-37–70
Paphangkorn Tavatanakit, Thailand 35-35–70
Robynn Ree, Redondo Beach, Calif. 36-34–70
Anna Redding, Concord, N.C. 35-36–71
Celine Boutier, France 36-35–71
Gina Kim, Chapel Hill, N.C. 37-34–71
Isabella Fierro, Mexico 36-35–71
Maria Torres, Puerto Rico 36-35–71
Mathilda Cappeliez, France 34-37–71
Nasa Hataoka, Japan 35-36–71
Taylor Totland, Tinton Falls, N.J. 36-35–71
Tianyu Wang, People’s Republic of China 37-34–71
Alyaa Abdulghany, Newport Beach, Calif. 35-37–72
Andrea Lee, Hermosa Beach, Calif. 37-35–72
Danielle Lemek, Doniphan, Neb. 36-36–72
Dylan Kim, Plano, Texas 36-36–72
Gabriella Then, Rancho Cucamonga, Calif. 36-36–72
Jackie Rogowicz, Yardley, Pa. 36-36–72
Jacqueline Bendrick, Mercer Island, Wash. 39-33–72
Kaitlyn Papp, Austin, Texas 36-36–72
Kristen Gillman, Austin, Texas 36-36–72
Lauren Beaudreau, Lemont, Ill. 35-37–72
Mimi (Xiaoyi) Chen, People’s Republic of China 35-37–72
Muni He, People’s Republic of China 35-37–72
Raegan Bremer, Anaheim Hills, Calif. 37-35–72
Riley Rennell, Columbia, Tenn. 36-36–72
Sophie (Yixian) Guo, People’s Republic of China 36-36–72
Taylor Tomlinson, Gainesville, Fla. 37-35–72
Agathe Laisne, France 37-36–73
Belinda Hu, San Ramon, Calif. 39-34–73
Cali Hipp, Caldwell, Idaho 36-37–73
Ciera Min, Hilo, Hawaii 38-35–73
Haley Moore, San Diego, Calif. 38-35–73
Hannah Green, Australia 35-38–73
Isabella Skinner, Buford, Ga. 38-35–73
Janet Mao, Johns Creek, Ga. 35-38–73
Jessica Porvasnik, Hinckley, Ohio 36-37–73
Kelly Whaley, Cromwell, Conn. 36-37–73
Maria Fassi, Mexico 40-33–73
Monica Vaughn, Reedsport, Ore. 39-34–73
Sarah Burnham, Maple Grove, Minn. 42-31–73
Sathika Ruenreong, Toledo, Ohio 36-37–73
Sirene Blair, South Jordan, Utah 38-35–73
Abbey Carlson, Lake Mary, Fla. 39-35–74
Amanda Doherty, Atlanta, Ga. 39-35–74
Ann Parmerter, Austin, Texas 39-35–74
August Kim, St. Augustine, Fla. 38-36–74
Aurora Kan, Boothwyn, Pa. 38-36–74
Bing Singhsumalee, Naperville, Ill. 37-37–74
Brooke Riley, Manteca, Calif. 38-36–74
Christina Parsells, Bernardsville, N.J. 36-38–74
Gabby Curtis, Eau Claire, Wis. 40-34–74
Ingrid Gutierrez Nunez, Mexico 38-36–74
Jaravee Boonchant, Thailand 37-37–74
Jessica Vasilic, Sweden 37-37–74
Kacie Komoto, Honolulu, Hawaii 37-37–74
Katrina Prendergast, Sparks, Nev. 39-35–74
Lauren Greenlief, Oakton, Va. 37-37–74
Maddie Szeryk, Canada 38-36–74
Rose Huang, Honolulu, Hawaii 38-36–74
Susan Xiao, Canada 40-34–74
Valerie Tanguay, Canada 37-37–74
Virginia Elena Carta, Italy 39-35–74
Alexandra Harkins, Crystal Lake, Ill. 37-38–75
Ashley Kim, Manhattan Beach, Calif. 39-36–75
Danielle Nicholson, Geneva, Ohio 38-37–75
Emily Hawkins, Lexington, N.C. 38-37–75
Jessica Luo, San Jose, Calif. 37-38–75
Jordy Labarbera, Allen, Texas 39-36–75
Kaitlin Milligan, Norman, Okla. 38-37–75
Lauren Thibodeau, Hampstead, N.H. 36-39–75
Lindsey McCurdy, Liberty Hill, Texas 39-36–75
Madelein Herr, New Hope, Pa. 38-37–75
Morgan Gonzales, Chandler, Ariz. 37-38–75
Olivia Cason, Owensboro, Ky. 39-36–75
Sierra Brooks, Sorrento, Fla. 37-38–75
Sierra Sims, Austin, Texas 39-36–75
Stephanie Carras, Midland, Mich. 37-38–75
Sydney Youngblood, Durant, Okla. 41-34–75
Yupaporn Kawinpakorn, Thailand 38-37–75
Alessandra Liu, Bala Cynwyd, Pa. 39-37–76
Amanjoty Sangha, San Mateo, Calif. 38-38–76
Binny Lee, Frisco, Texas 37-39–76
Casey Danielson, Osceola, Wis. 38-38–76
Catherine Peters, Clarence Center, N.Y. 38-38–76
Elisa Pierre, Santa Clarita, Calif. 39-37–76
Emma Bradley, Naples, Fla. 40-36–76
Heather Ciskowski, Barrington, Ill. 38-38–76
Kaley In, Bakersfield, Calif. 39-37–76
Kelly Su, Scottsdale, Ariz. 38-38–76
Marianne Li, Bellevue, Wash. 39-37–76
Megan Thothong, Dallas, Texas 38-38–76
Monica Dibildox, Mexico 38-38–76
Samantha Martirez, Philippines 40-36–76
Sophie Liu, Canada 41-35–76
Vanessa Ha, Plano, Texas 38-38–76
Yealimi Noh, Concord, Calif. 39-37–76
Alexis Keating, Elma, Wash. 39-38–77
Clementina Rodriguez, Venezuela 40-37–77
Jessica Ip, Canada 40-37–77
Marra Burton, Louisville, Ky. 40-37–77
Natai Apichonlati, Thailand 39-38–77
Cecily Overbey, High Point, N.C. 39-39–78
Daniele Giles, Medford, Ore. 39-39–78
Jacqueline Setas, East Lansing, Mich. 40-38–78
Jamie Binns, San Diego, Calif. 41-37–78
Linyu (Anna) Dong, People’s Republic of China 40-38–78
Madison Kerley, Scottsdale, Ariz. 41-37–78
Mallory Muehlbauer, Vista, Calif. 39-39–78
Pamela Kuong, Wellesley Hills, Mass. 40-38–78
Sabrina Bonanno, Norridge, Ill. 42-36–78
Sadie Englemann, Austin, Texas 42-36–78
Amanda Kim, O’Fallon, Mo. 44-35–79
Anne Chen, Sugar Land, Texas 40-39–79
Kaylee Benton, Litchfield Park, Ariz. 38-41–79
Kelsey Murphy, Plymouth, Mich. 40-39–79
Lyndsey Hunnell, Troutville, Va. 41-38–79
Meghan Stasi, Fort Lauderdale, Fla. 42-37–79
Alison Hovatter, Meridianville, Ala. 39-41–80
Ashley Burke, Boynton Beach, Fla. 43-37–80
Nicole Whiston, San Diego, Calif. 42-38–80
Samantha Haubenstock, Weston, Fla. 40-40–80
Alexa Pano, Lake Worth, Fla. 41-40–81
Amber Wang, Sugar Land, Texas 42-39–81
Briana Chacon, Whittier, Calif. 39-42–81
Christine Wang, Houston, Texas 40-41–81
Jessica Spicer, Bahama, N.C. 43-38–81
Zoey Akagi-Bustin, Honolulu, Hawaii 39-42–81
Kate Evanko, West Chester, Pa. 38-44–82
Adeena Shears, Elizabeth, W.Va. 41-43–84
Kyra Cox, South Salem, N.Y. 39-45–84
Maho Hayakawa, Japan 41-43–84
Sarah Noonan, Vero Beach, Fla. 44-40–84Actually these meatballs are technically a Cypriot recipe, but from wherever it hails, they are delicous. What I love about these meatballs, besides the taste, is that they contain no breadcrumbs. These cleverly use potato and a little baking powder. But please don’t say I didn’t warn you, they are addictive !
INGREDIENTS
500g minced pork
2 large potatoes (Grated with water squeezed out)
1 large onion (finely chopped)
Handful of chopped fresh flat leaf parsley
½ tsp ground cinnamon
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp dried mint
½ tsp ground cumin
1 tsp baking powder
1 egg
½ -1 tsp sea salt
Couple of grinds of black pepper
METHOD
1. Mix all ingredients thoroughly.
2. Mould into various shaped even size balls about the size of walnuts.
2. Heat olive oil in a pan. Fry on all sides until golden brown.
3. Serve with lemon, Greek salad, Greek roast potato and Tzatziki.
Makes about 20-22 keftedes.
Pingback: Spaghetti and Meatballs | Soul Kitchen BlogAt Ellison Technologies we believe in taking care of our employees, our customers, and providing cutting-edge solutions for manufacturing in America. We have exciting new plans for the direction of our team and we are confident in the talented squad of CNC professionals who already make up our company. We're looking for a top-of-the-line CNC Sales Engineer / Terriotry Manager to join our team, share their expertise, and learn along with us as we continue to be an industry leader and continue to lead the industry to success.
Why regional market.
Benefits include (but not limited to): Medical, dental & vision insurance. 14 paid holidays. Vacation pay. Sick pay. Contributory 401(k) and more....
Software Powered by iCIMSYouth Workforce Development
Salesforce.org has partnered with organizations that share our values and vision and are supported by a strong network of internal advocates at Salesforce. These programs have grown at Salesforce and Salesforce.org because the students are well prepared for work, expertly matched with managers, and show a return on investment.
Program Goals:
- Provide paid work experience focusing on 21st century skills
- Help people aged 14-24, especially girls and opportunity youth, gain work experience
- Increase students’ interest in technology
- Diversify the technology talent pipeline by partnering with innovative nonprofits
- Offer Salesforce employees opportunities to support and mentor rising talent
- Allow new minds and fresh voices to influence the future of technologySales Have Ended
Sales Have Ended
Description
Spend a full days group coaching with Craig Wilkinson, Yorkshire's Business Man of The Year and the Founder of Trades Hub Academy. This powerful Business Planning Masterclass is guaranteed to take your business to the next level!
Discover and learn the powerful 5 Step Formula to creating a business plan thats helped hundreds of business owners across the UK to grow their business.
The vast majority of business owners are "Winging It". They have No Clear Direction of where they are heading and therefore they are leaving the growth of their business and the future quality of their lifestyle to chance.
Working long hours, Cash flow problems, Marketing not generating results, Making little or no profit and not being able to get trustworthy staff are all classic symtoms of business owners who have no business plan and who's businesses are controlling them.
Who taught you how to build and grow a successful, profitable business? It's time to learn NOW
Throughout this powerful, full days, group coaching, you will be completing and leaving with Craig Wilkinson’s personal Business Planning Workbook. Each stage is broken down into simple, bite sized, easy to understand steps.
You Will Learn The 5 Step Business Planning Formula
Discover the 9 Key Fundamental Areas of every business that you have to master
Create your 12 month Business Vision and align it with the 9 Key Areas
Identify 121 Business Strengths and Weaknesses within the 9 Key Areas of your business
Create your 12 Month Business Plan dividing your plan into 4 quaters in the 9 Key Areas
Create your 90 Day Action Plan and the goals that need to be completed to smash the first quater of your 12 month plan
Frequently Asked Questions
Who Is This Masterclass For?
Business owners of small to medium sized business', who are serious about improving and growing their business. This Masterclass is NOT for Sales Reps or Business Development Managers.
Is Lunch Included?
Tea, Coffee & Water is served throughout the day and is included in the ticket price. Lunch is NOT included however there is a cafe / restaurant at the venue where you can order your lunch. The cafe has a large selection of hot and cold meals / sandwiches & hot & cold drinks.
What Do I Need To Bring On The Day?
Your Ticket
Cash For Car Parking & Lunch
Note Pad & Pen
Calculator
Positive Mindset & a Big Smile
Is parking available at the venue?
Yes there is a large pay and display car park at the venue. The cost for a full days parking is £4.
What's the refund policy?
Tickets purchased for this event are non-refundable or transferable once purchased.Burnin' Luv- Love Gone Wrong (by Jas)
i've been pretty obsessed w the eminem, rihanna song, Love the way you lie, lately.
it must be hard for rihanna to sing the song since she personally experienced this love & hatred, violent relationship w chris brown.
not that i've ever experienced domestic violence (i have a perfect family, dont get me wrong) in my whole life, i luv the song cuz of the tunes itself and the powerful emotions behind it.
human's emotions just fascinate me sometimes and the mental state and psychology behinds it is just so intriguing and worths probing.
if u read the lyrics, it's actually kinda sick.
Just gonna stand there
And watch me burn
But that's alright
Because I like
The way it hurts
Just gonna stand there
And hear me cry
But that's alright
Because I love
The way you lie
is it cuz when u luv someone so much and the luv is so overwhelming that u feel sick to the stomach, suffocate yourself but still cant help going thru whatever pain it is just to hold on to that seconds or minutes of pleasure and security?
for luv, it's hard to imagine wut a woman is willing to do.
You're the same as me
But when it comes to love
You're just as blinded
we r just stupid & blind. i know, cuz i am doing it.
anyways, i made the above diptych to capture the burning emotions in the song/video.
the MV below did the song justice, Megan & Dominic's performance just made the song come alive, turning the words into a series of vivid and overwhelming pictures. (Megan's crying is a bit fake though, lol)
Eminem worked closely & carefully w the director and actors to show the darkest time of his marriage to (ex?)wife, Kimberly. Dominic here is playing Eminem himself.
here's the video.Having established itself as the undisputed leader in the provision of rural high speed internet, Exede Satellite Internet is now offering Voice Over Internet Protocol (VOIP) as a home phone service. With this service, you will be able to enjoy not only the fastest internet connection in your area but it will also be complimented by an excellent phone service. In case you are looking for a good deal, you can bundle both services and you will end up paying one convenient bill.
Over the years, Exede has built a reputation for offering a fast and reliable internet connection to its customers. The company’s subscribers have come to expect high standards from the provider. Considering that the phone service runs on the same platform with the tried and tested internet services, there is no doubt that customers can expect a superb phone service from the provider. Exede Voice has distinguished itself for offering a superior service in comparison to other VOIP providers, traditional phone services providers, cell phone companies and other satellite internet service providers. The service from Exede has all the features that you can expect from a top phone service provider including call waiting, voice mail, caller ID and the best rates in the market. The truth is that you actually pay only a fraction of the cost of a regular phone line.
Exede has a reputation for caring about the welfare of its customers. This caring attitude and great customer service is not confined to the internet side of the business only. Exede VOIP customers can expect the same standards of service that include a 24-hour customer service. Once a customer subscribes for the service, the company sends a package that contains all the items needed to connect the VOIP phone service. The set up is very simple and does not require to be done by a qualified technician. Once you plug in the voice adapter, the service is activated and you can start making calls. We welcome you to contact our friendly customer service to discuss the best way to bundle your internet and phone services.How To Improve Your Profits in Stock Market
Adapt Stop-Loss Trigger Strategy : The maximum stock holders face losses because no one adapts stop-loss strategy. There are people who buys a stock at say 1000 Rs. and even if its falling daily , they don’t sell because they think their price will come.Th stop- loss avoids this huge loss as it gets triggered when a stock falls to a particular price.You should believe that stock will go up but at the same time, you must protect your invested money.The stop loss can also vary from 15% to 20% price of that stock.
Target Your Returns From a Stock : Whenever you buy a stock, target your return depending upon the risk you can take.The target can be 20% to 40% of the stock price.This strategy makes your selling decisions easy and avoid panic situation and huge confusion while selling.
Time Constraint : There are chances when we are targeting a particular thing like a child’s education, marriage or vacation. In case you have an opportunity to realise this sum before the time period is over, you can sell your holdings and place it in in a safer avenue such as fixed deposits, bonds.By doing this, you may avoid market risks.
Asset Allocation : Asset allocation is also a very important part in one’s investment portfolio.The fixed sources of income must increase as men grew older and the stock portfolio should be looked after time to time as increase in one stock price and decrease in other must be looked after and selling or buying decisions must be made on it.
Fundamentals of Stocks Changes From Time to Time : There could be fundamental reasons why you should think of selling the stock that you have long owned. It could be a sudden about turn in the company’s financials or prospects — the loss of market share, declining margins, or liquidity problems that increases the risk of holding the stock. By selling out now, you may get a chance to buy later at a lower price.
Mismanagement in Company : Whenever you come across any mismanagement in the company or any fraud then it is always better to exit from the stock at the earliest opportunity available.After all it is the CEO and management who runs the company and their laziness and mismanagement may cause a steep fall any day.
Comment to this article if you find something is missing and adding to it can help people improve their returns further.Matt
Interlinear Greek • Interlinear Hebrew • Strong's Numbers • Englishman's Greek Concordance • Englishman's Hebrew Concordance • Parallel Texts.
“While Tunisia has succeeded where others in the region have failed, the timing is crucial,” says Hanan Rabbani, Regional Program Manager for MENA and Asia. “With the appointment of the new government, the transition to democracy is formally complete. But there is still much work to be done to consolidate stability and establish the rule of law.”
Following meetings with government officials and local partners, IDLO is looking at developing possible projects on juvenile justice, gender, human rights, and access to justice and transitional justice.
Ms Rabbani stressed the need for ‘a developmentally sensitive approach, working with local institutions and civil society, to meet the needs on the ground.’
IDLO is currently implementing its second project in Tunisia, primarily focused on the fight against economic and financial crimes. The training targets the Pôle Judiciaire Financier, a key anti-corruption judicial body.
Photo: Chris BoothPublished: Thursday 23rd October 2014 by The News Editor
David Cameron is to urge fellow EU leaders to do more to tackle Ebola in west Africa, warning that failure to halt the killer disease there would risk future cases in Europe.
And he will also use a European Council leaders’ summit in Brussels to set his face against MEPs’ demands for more money for the EU budget.
The meeting looks set to be overshadowed by talks scheduled for Friday among the 18 eurozone states over the latest crisis in the European single currency.
Mr Cameron will not take part in the eurozone discussions, but will make clear to fellow leaders that Britain is “not immune” to the impact of the decisions they make, because of the knock-on effect on UK manufacturing and exports.
With £125 million pledged, Britain is by far the largest European donor to the fight against Ebola, and other EU states have so far failed to meet the Prime Minister’s challenge – in a letter to fellow-leaders last week – to provide a total of 1 billion euros (£790m) and 2,000 medical workers to tackle the outbreak. The UK’s contribution is four times what France has given and 50 times the amount provided by Spain, which has already experienced one Ebola case.
Following a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Luxembourg in Monday, it is thought that around 750 million euros (£593m) and around 1,000 personnel may be on the table today, but Mr Cameron wil l push for more cash, healthcare workers and equipment to assist Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea, the three countries at the centre of the epidemic.
“We are very clear that countries around the world need to recognise that by investing now to do more in the region, we help to protect ourselves from greater risk in the future,” a Government source said.
“If all 28 countries turned up at the Council and committed to do more, that would be quite a lot in terms of the three affected countries in the region.”
Mr Cameron will also make clear that Britain regards the European Parliament’s demand for a budget of 146.4 billion euros (£115.8bn) in 2015 – as well as extra top-up cash to cover overspending in 2014 – as unacceptable.
EU leaders agreed at a previous summit that next year’s budget should be no more than 140 billion euros (£110.7bn), and the Government source said that the MEPs’ bid was “unrealistic”.
.”
The Council meeting is expected to agree a climate change target of cutting greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2030, which is backed by the UK, along with Germany and Scandinavian countries. European Council President Herman van Rompuy has made clear he would like to be able to announce agreement in Brussels, and France is keen to have a strong position in place ahead of international climate change negotiations in Paris next year.
UK Government sources said there was still some discussion to be had on the details of how the burden of emission reduction will be shared, saying that any deal needs to be ” cost-effective, fair and flexible”.
Mr Cameron will also seek the support of all 28 member-states for the position on Ukraine taken by him and three other EU leaders in Milan last week, when they told Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko that Europe wants to see the implementation of last month’s Minsk peace agreement, including more action by Moscow to prevent the flow of weapons across the border.
British assistance to tackle Ebola will increase over the next few weeks as UK-funded plans kick into action, International Development Secretary Justine Greening said.
Schemes include training more health workers as well as setting up burial units and local diagnosis and care centres.
Ms Greening, who has visited Sierra Le.”
Dr Unni Krishnan, Plan’s head of disaster response and preparedness, said: “The Ebola outbreak is an unprecedented crisis with global dimensions and is having a devastating impact.
“Rich nations, including those in the EU, need to continue to be generous and deploy all possible resources to intensify the battle against Ebola. This is in the best interests of the countries already affected by Ebola, but also the wider world.”
Published: Thursday 23rd October 2014 by The News EditorEvery moment empty of your presence is a moment made sterile and fallow.
Our Thought and Senses
in Light Practice What is the form of thought? Now that is interesting. Form is coherent or “encoded” memory. Energy I mean, and memory. The energy of any given object is perceptible to us. The memory and the energy of the object are not separate, but thought seems more nebulous than sense data, less clear. It’s actually not.
It’s the senses that are limited. The senses are narrow points of energetic contact. The memory of a sense impression is not some vague shadow in our brain. It is an energetic linkage to the energy that imprinted it. From your consciousness to the object of your awareness. The mind is not a closed system. It must link to an object to sense it. This is unavoidable. All sensation is connection.
Example: Some have seizures and usually “know” about an hour before one that it will happen. Others may try to say it was a pre-seizure, but they have no other deficits or symptoms when the thought arises. These people don’t understand the consciousness element. They look at the meat and say anything else is delusion.
So some would say, well why don’t I have visions? Or hear a guiding voice? It’s actually pretty simple. When we experience anything we have one or two primary ways of connecting to the world. Same as we have one or two primary ways of learning. We can do the other ways of course, but we have a natural leaning.
People with psychic ability may have strengths and weaknesses in various areas. For example, if you could feel their presence but not see them, you could work on clairvoyance techniques. Minds are sort of like snowflakes in a way and your way of thinking/learning shows up in your intuition also. In fact every mind has this potential. It’s a self awareness and general sensitivity that makes it seem to arise without being desired.
There are other non-primary means. For some I could ask, “so what did they look like?”, and they could tell me with some detail. For others, if I asked the same question, they did see them but wouldn’t remember. Vision not being primary for them. But if I asked what did they say, they might be able to tell me word for word.
Your thoughts are welcome. Be well friends.
Travis Saunders
Dragon Intuitive
~science,mysticism,spirituality~
Leave Your Insight Subscribe to Your InsightsApril 12, 2012
So most of you have already heard the FANTASTIC news that Fiesta found her way back home sometime during the night! YEAH! Her owners were in Florida when she ran off from her dog sitter. Well they just landed in Wisconsin- they came back early because of her disappearance but now they are incredibly relieved that she’s back!!!
I’m impressed at how quickly Twitter friends acted to get the word out about Fiesta! It was A-MAZING! Incredible work, guys!
What a great start to the day! Let’s bring home more pets today! -Juli
April 11, 2012
AdvertisementsWe are no longer building saddle trees, and this shop is a thing of the past, but people have asked us to leave the website up as a resource, so we have.
BUT!!
We learned a lot over those years about saddle fit and we put it together into videos. You can now purchase our 67 minute video, Western Saddle Fit - The Basics, by going to our new website, westernsaddlefit.com. We also have a 7 minute YouTube video on Western Saddle Fit - The Essentials. Enjoy!
A Tour of the Tree Shop
We put this page in for fun and so you can see where we spend our days, but also so you will understand why building trees, at least the way we do it, isn't something you can easily do in your basement in the winter.
We built our shop in the spring of 1998 to be 30’ long by 16’ wide. In the summer of 2007, we added an additional 12’ in length to accommodate the new dust collection system.
Walking through the main door of the shop, ahead of you is the rough lumber storage on the back wall. Below the lumber is one of the drying areas for the trees. The trees are placed on the perfectly flat marble slabs and weighted to keep them square as they dry. We have a wood stove as our main heat source in the winter and a furnace as back up because we can’t let the glues and varnish freeze. Behind the stove are storage shelves for horns, screws and nails and other supplies we use.
The center of the shop is dominated by the 8 1/2 foot high, 32” band saw. Although designed to saw logs into lumber, we need the height for the jigs we use to make the cuts on the bars for the fork and cantle to fit into. The table tilts so we can cut at different angles, and the wood blocks you see stored in front of the bottom door are used to keep all those angles consistent.
Beyond the band saw is the modified belt sander. The belts run up to stand idlers on the wall and are now completely enclosed, except for the wheels at the bottom where the shaping is done, to capture the dust. The 3” wheel on the right is used for gullets and horns and the 6” wheel is used for everything else. Hanging on the wall to the left of the sander are the jigs used to make those all important cuts in the bars. The white, 6” piping is for dust collection from all the machines.
In front of the sander is the 12” jointer/planer combination machine. It is used as a jointer when the table top is flat to plane one side of the wood. Then the main tables are flipped open and it becomes a planer, with the blades on top and the wood sliding over the small table in the middle of the machine. This levels the other side and gets the wood an even thickness all the way across.
Past the jointer planer is the varnishing table and beyond it are the doors to the “dirty room” and the cyclone room. Moving further around the addition, we have another work bench with more room for drying trees underneath. The jigs on this wall are used to set the correct cantle angle when cutting the glue surface of the cantle. This is also the area where Rod rawhides the trees.
The “dirty room” was built to confine the dust from the side grinder with the carbide grinding disc when Rod can’t work outside. The wood is clamped in the vice which is twisted and turned all directions as Rod carves away with his grinder. The table, besides being handy for holding tools as Rod works, also has a built in downdraft table to collect dust when rasping and hand sanding.
The cyclone room contains our Clear Vue cyclone and filter set up. The system will move about 1400 cubit feet of air a minute, collecting the dust and chips where they are made and dropping the majority of them into the bin beneath the cyclone. The exhaust air is then either piped straight outside or re-circulated through the filters inside the box when it is too cold to heat replacement air fast enough.
The two glue presses are used for the final laminations after the different layers have first been glued edge to edge using the clamps or, where possible, pinch dogs. The wall behind the main glue press holds cantle and fork patterns. On the wall to the left hang some of the precision angles and T squares we have had specially made so we can mark the patterns on the wood very precisely. Beneath the table are assembled forks waiting to be used and pieces waiting for gluing.
Above the large workbench are more patterns and marking and measuring tools. The orders currently being worked on are hanging on the back of the bench while the parts for those orders that have been marked out or already cut out ready for shaping sit underneath.
Behind the door is the drill press used to make screw holes in the metal horns. The humidifier helps to keep the trees from drying too quickly in our relatively dry climate. Through the doorway is the rawhide room which includes a small furnace room just to the right. The large freezer you see just on the left holds the rawhide that isn’t used immediately.
The rest of the room is used to make rawhide when the weather is too cold to do it outside. The cement mixer stands in the far corner by the water and drain to tumble the hides. The 8’ by 4’ fleshing pole is brought inside on rawhide making days. The barrels hold hides in water while waiting for processing or soaking and rinsing afterwards.>>in L Wills
Dr. Kristin L Wills, DO is a Doctor primarily located in Tulsa, OK, with another office in Tulsa, OK. Her specialties include Emergency Medicine. Dr. Wills is affiliated with St John Owasso. She speaks English.
/-95.966456,36.137 John Urgent Care Center1717 S Utica Ave Ste A
Tulsa, OK 74104
Get Directions
/-95.966152,36.13 John Medical Center1923 S Utica Ave
Tulsa, OK 74104
Get Directions
Specialties
Dr. Kristin L Wills
Reviews
Showing 5 of 6
Accepted Insurance
Dr. Kristin L Wills accepts the following insurance providers.
- First Health
- First Health PPO
- View by LocationBOSTON (AP) — Massachusetts’ highest court ruled Friday that a lawsuit challenging Wynn Resorts’ gambling license can move forward.
The Supreme Judicial Court decision sends back to a lower court a lawsuit alleging the state Gaming Commission violated the open meetings law as it deliberated the lucrative Boston-area casino license.
The city of Revere, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Mohegan Sun and a group of Revere residents had sued the commission, citing a range of complaints about the deliberations leading up to the 2014 decision.
The five-member panel picked Wynn’s proposal for the Everett waterfront over Mohegan Sun’s plan for the Suffolk Downs horse racing track in Boston.
The Supreme Judicial Court, in its ruling, suggested that such an open meetings violation could lead to the nullification of certain actions taken at the meetings in question or result in civil penalties or other legal remedies.
The court also affirmed the lower court’s ruling that Mohegan Sun had legal standing, but that the city and local labor union did not.
Kevin Brown, chairman of the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority, said in a statement the high court’s ruling affirmed the casino’s belief that the licensing process was flawed. But a casino spokeswoman didn’t immediately comment on whether Mohegan Sun would press forward with its legal challenge.
Mohegan Sun is currently proposing a second gambling facility in Connecticut that would be jointly run with in-state rival Foxwoods. That proposal is meant to compete with a casino MGM Resorts International is building in the western Massachusetts city of Springfield.
A Wynn spokesman said Friday’s decision doesn’t have an impact on its roughly $2 billion Wynn Boston Harbor project. The development is on schedule to open June 2019, the Las Vegas-based company said.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)Wonder why it’s called Burn Rate?
Jeff Hawkins on how to speed your business:
Very few companies didnt succeed because they moved slow. Many companies went out of business because they moved fast.
He is a fun guy to listen to. Looks like Numenta is upto something very interesting. Looks very out-there but you never know once the applied side of the innovation start showing up.Each day seems to be its own journey for me. Life seems to pull me forward in the direction I need to go. To learn the lessons that I need to master. From the time I receive an alert from a dating site that someone has viewed my profile, or sent me a wink or an email, a new journey begins. It comes when life says it comes. Not when I’m sitting in my little apartment bored out of my head. Not when I’ve already taken three walks in the cold, late fall wind. Even the crushed leaves on the sidewalk wish I’d find something to do. I take road trips with no particular destination in mind. Honestly, I think I’m trying to figure out which direction to go, so I try each one that presents itself. Cause you only regret the things that you didn’t try, right?
On these days with so much unoccupied time, that’s when my unresolved feelings come out to play. They don’t always play nice. Usually I feel kind of melancholy and unsettled inside with these unresolved things. I have found that taking a long drive allows me to have a distant focus, while still leaving me quiet time in my own head to work things out. Today is one of those days. I headed to the gas station to fill up and get a soda for the trip. It isn’t long before I’m on the highway heading east. I like to drive fast. Not like a race car driver, but on the highway, 80 is a nice round number. I know, some of you are gasping.. but I’m being honest. I do get one speeding ticket a year, always in the fall. I haven’t figured out why. But we’ll leave that for another day, lol.
With the music playing, I just drive. My mind wanders aimlessly as I follow the barren concrete path that rolls on in front of my car. I never run out of road. There’s always more just over the next hill. I hear a song and it triggers a thought or a memory and my mind plays it through, either to its conclusion or until some other thought or song interrupts and then my mind is off in a new direction. Kind of like one of those free roaming vacuum cleaners that goes around your house and when it bumps into something it turns in a new direction. Well, welcome to my mind.
I spend this time daydreaming, playing out options or scenarios in my head. Life never really goes in these directions, but it helps me release the tension in my head, and makes me feel like I’m really going somewhere. That my path hasn’t ended here.
I stopped at a park along the way. The sun had come out and I thought the warmth of the sun might help to melt away the cold spot inside of me. It was a pretty park. I hadn’t been here before, so there was exploring to do. I don’t know what I was hoping to find, but I always go in anticipation. As I walked along the leaf strewn paths, I’d trip every now and then on the roots that were growing across the dirt pathways. Then I realized that it wasn’t the root that was interrupting my walk, it was me who was here interrupting the roots growth. That’s when it came to me.. I needed to change my perspective. I needed to look at things in a new way. I began to feel lighter as I continued along the path.
3 thoughts on “The Forks in the Road”
Good for you!
My whole blog from the first post in October is about my online dating experiences that began over a year ago. Each day, I post a new experience and what things I was learning along the way. Thanks for reading!
Absolutely….we get better at spotting the ones who see us as mother figures, counsellors or ‘drop ins’ and goodness there are a load of them out there!Unless you happen to live under a rock, I assume you have heard of my friend Adam, and his “untimely” death. I put “untimely” in quotes because he was only 25 years old, and if we were going by my timetable, he would not be dead for some time. In fact, if we were going by anybody’s timetable, he would still be selling camping equipment, planning his research project, leaving baked goods on peoples doorsteps, serving his God, and occasionally writing me letters asking me about all my surfer boyfriends and complaining about how much he hates it when people eat with their mouths open. But, as it turns out, we are operating on God’s timetable, so to say that this was “untimely” might be a bit presumptuous.
Anyway, if you have more questions about all that, I suggest you go stalk some facebooks or something, because this post is more about the aftermath. You see, my biggest fear, following Adam’s passing, is that I will not learn anything from him, from all this. No matter what, his death is a tragedy that has affected my life. It is up to me to learn from it, and allow his life and death to also be a blessing. Other people have also acted as blessings to me in all this. Four people sent me money to help me buy a plane ticket to the funeral, and countless people have commented and messaged and generally expressed compassion and prayers. I can’t really do justice in this paragraph to the love that I have seen displayed since Adam’s death.
So, thanks to a bunch of people, I found myself with a plane ticket to Phoenix. Sarah and I had a grand time bearding people out, while driving to the Ontario airport.
From Phoenix, I would fly from Atlanta, where I would drive with Caroline to Gettysburg for the funeral. Or so I thought. I suppose it was quite naive of me, to think that I could have a perfectly boring trip to any event involving Adam Smelser. Long story short: after 24 hours of cumulative airport/plane time and four flights, I made it. I flew from Ontario to Phoenix to Philadelphia to Atlanta to Washington D.C., where Andrea and I had lots of shenanigans before Caroline picked us up. It didn’t matter how many flights or how much money it took, I just cared about getting there.
Our time in Gettysburg was a whirlwind of talking, praying, exploring, crying, laughing, and drinking coffee. The funeral was so good, despite the fact that our row was full of embarrassingly loud criers, and my nose felt like I’d been using sandpaper kleenex the entire evening. Let’s just say we used a few tissues.
Our drive back to Atlanta took longer than intended, partially because we took a long nap/lunch break before starting, partially because the weather was plague-like in temperament. Anyway, we ended up taking some back roads, and taking a pit stop at a thrift store in rural Virginia. I bought a hideous sweater, and Caroline bought some 1950s-era diaries of a 18-year-old girl named Patty Kluttz.
The diaries turned out to be a wonderful diversion for the two-day trek back to ATL. We learned all about Patty, which isn’t saying much once you realize that she seemed to think that diary meant “date record.” I can say with confidence that Patty Kluttz went on more dates in one week than I have been on in my entire lifetime. Sometimes she mentioned some church related stuff she was participating in, but mostly it was comments like, “If I don’t find someone soon, I think I’ll die,” “I didn’t go on any dates today, I feel like an old maid,” and my favorite, “Today we couldn’t go to church, because Herb didn’t have a belt.” Right. Anyway, we were so enthralled with her story, we tried to look her up that night. Unfortunately, right now she seems to have disappeared, and the only traces we have of her existence are two old and dusty diaries.
The rest of my time on the East coast was seasoned with snow, sleeping, singing, and seeing old friends. Also, I may or may not have witnessed Caroline’s American Girl Doll collection. That, my friends, was a thing that is some stuff. I made it to all of my flights for the return trip, and managed to make it to my uncle’s house just in time to make the stuffing for Thanksgiving dinner (just kidding, we do dressing. Ain’t no way I’m sticking my hand inside a Turkey carcass). I learned a lot at my uncle’s including some facts about a thumb eating eel named Emma, and…
From my uncle’s, my mom and I drove to 50 year anniversary party for a couple from my church. 50 years. yeah. My favorite part of the evening wasn’t the fact that the food was good, or that I got to see people I hadn’t seen in forever, or that it was a novelty to see dancing at a COC event, or even that it was so inspirational to hear about the life they had built together. No, my favorite part was the fact that there had been a mix-up in the place settings, so mine read “Mrs. Emma Angelo,” and my mom’s read, “Mr. Shay Angelo.”
Revel in that for a minute.
Pretty great, right? I mean, wow. Adam would have done one of his head-back, deep laughs about that one.
Anyway, that’s been my week. So much has happened in it, it’s kind of overwhelming. But like I said, my biggest fear is that time will pass, and I will forget the things I learned or could have learned from all this. So, I am bound to fight against that possibility. What have I learned from Adam? Mrs. Smelser said he was content without being complacent. I think that’s a pretty good way of putting it. Sadly, I’m not quite so succinct as that. So here are some things I have learned from this week:
1. Care for others
Not only have I realized how much Adam cared for others on a constant basis, but I have been overwhelmed with the amount of care that has been poured out on those who are grieving. Both of these things have made me want to do better for others in turn. Typically, I tell myself, “You don’t know what to say to that person who is hurting,” or “There is no way that you can help that person who is hurting.” When, in fact, just the attempt to comfort or help will probably do more harm than good, and there is really no way for me to get better at caring for others without trying. The small acts of kindness shown to me (through money, napping places, and meals) during this have made an impact on my heart, and made me realize how many hurting people I have avoided reaching out to in the past.
Another way I have been complacent is by procrastinating in my everyday relationships. Too often, I put off having that difficult conversation, or even just telling people how much they mean to me, because I operate under the false belief that I have all the time in the world. In reality, no amount of time here is guaranteed me, and I am a steward of whatever time I am given.
Maxine and Larry built a family with their 50 years. Not only did they raise their own children to love and serve the Lord, but they opened their home to four other children as well. The room was full of people who had been touched by them at some point during those 50 years, and it was beautiful to hear about the ways they had served others with what they had been given.
And then there’s Patty. I don’t know much about Patty, other than the fact that she went on a lot of dates, and she was an active member in the Lutheran church. Don’t get me wrong, she had standards and morals, but she was, like one preacher she met, “twitter-pated.” She “loved love,” and her main goal in life was to find it. Her diary could also have been called 365 first dates. It wasn’t that she wasn’t doing good things with her life, but those good things were all of secondary importance to her pursuit of a husband.
2. Contentment
Adam was a prime example of contentment. I mean, sleeping in a tent in Alaska? Sharing a bunkhouse at a fishery? Sleeping on homemade furniture in a shed in West Texas? Eating rice while cooking for others? It’s crazy to think about being that content. Does he regret it now? yeah right. He’s finished his race. All of us benefitted from his example, and none of that even matters to him anymore. The shed, the tent, the way he died—I don’t think any of it is of the smallest importance, because it all seems so small in comparison to what he is now experiencing. And even then, it was worth it to him, because he knew where he was going. He had plans, and so the little things didn’t really matter.
I get that when it comes to my travels—taking four flights to PA, driving through rain and snow to Atlanta—the ends totally make the means irrelevant. But somehow I get sidetracked in life, and I forget about the importance of my destination. I complain about the bumps in the road, as if they actually mattered.
This is from a letter from Adam right before his Alaska trip, postmarked June 19, 2012. I was initially avoiding sharing this excerpt, because it’s kind of eerie to me:
“Everyone here is…vaguely bemused, I suppose, by my plans. Many of them are convinced that I’ll die, but there are some that are under the impression that I have such intense survival skills that I can’t be drowned. Well, that’s nice, I suppose. Frankly, dying is not quite at the top of my agenda for this year.”
Adam had a lot on his agenda for the year. He got a lot done in the year and a half between the time he wrote this letter and when he was taken from this world. He grew a lot on his own, he encouraged people all over the country, he worked and saved money, he spread the gospel, and he had tons of grand adventures. None of us can say why God chose to give him that year, and to not leave him here for any more, but he sure got a lot done with the short amount of time he had.
I knew I had a short amount of time in PA (thanks to a gift from others) in order to cry and laugh with those I loved, but soon I would have to leave again. There wasn’t much time, so I took advantage of those opportunities every chance I got. I cried until I couldn’t cry anymore, and I laughed without reserve. I wasn’t like, “You know, really I would rather do homework than spend time with you.” I want to treat life more like that; living boldly and using every moment like it is a limited gift from God. Because it is.
Frankly, dying is not quite at the top of my agenda for this year, but I’ll tell you what is:
- Doing more, bragging less
- Giving more, spending less
- Thanking more, complaining less
- Praying more, blabbing less
- Laughing more, worrying less
- Serving more, self less
Maybe if more of us are more silly, serving, giving, thanking, praying, and doing, then the void that Adam left behind wont be quite so big and gaping. Maybe if we tell more strangers Happy Birthday, and look out for each other more often, and quit complaining so much, it’ll turn out to God’s glory. I sure hope so, because right now the world is facing a severe shortage of ugly sweaters and awkward moments. I share this with you, not so that you will be like:
“Oh, what an awesome person that Emma is.” “I know, too bad she’s named after a thumb-eating eel.” “I know, right? And I heard a rumor that she’s married to her own mother?”
Woah, that hypothetical conversation deteriorated quickly. Anyway, I tell you this because I want to be held accountable. Because I don’t want my days to be measured in the number of dates I went on, or the money I made, or the grades I got. I want to leave a mark like Adam, like the Ashtons. I want to conceptualize my time gifted to me, and when my time is a gift, it’s easier to be grateful for it and share it with others.
Peace, Love, and Ugly Sweaters.
Oh! I almost forgot—I also learned not to feed finger-shaped food to vicious sea creatures, even if they do have incredibly lovely names.
5 thoughts on “My Agenda”
🙂
Beautiful, beautiful post, and so true in so many ways. Adam’s life and passing has cause such a perspective shift in a lot of ways, for me at least, and I think for many others. Thank you for writing this. And thank you for coming to the memorial, I really enjoyed getting to meet you, even briefly.
Thanks, April. As for the memorial, I wouldn’t have missed it. Such a blessing to meet everyone and grieve together.
Wonderful, Emma. Wonderful. Thank you.
Beautiful.Our family stay-cation is into day two and already this grandma is thinking she just might need some extra stamina by day four or five. The youngest two love to swing "grandma fashion" and they beg to continue, actually fighting over whose turn it is...while grandma tries to pretend she is still in her thirties. Although after waking up this morning...grandma realizes she is NOT in her thirties any longer.
Missing all of you and the many fascinating postings that I look forward to visiting. Just maybe you could breathe a little prayer for me and my much needed stamina to keep going with these special people and their endless energy.
18 comments:
We'll give you a little breathing room the next two days, how's that!?! :) It was so much fun yesterday, but trust me, i know how much energy they require (and just so you know, being in your thirities doesn't guarentee more energy...you see me, you should know that!). Enjoy the peace today!!! :)
Love you,
Jeane`
Hi Judy! Looks like you are doing a great job keeping up with those little precious ones to me. :)
If you are like me, you will keep on swinging. Nothing like it!!! Absolutely nothing!
I'm smiling...and know just of what you speak! Enjoy your together time...and keep swinging.
Cute post, Judy. I can imagine it is tiring to keep up with all of that energy ~ but a good kind of tiring.
You'll be in my thoughts. Enjoy the rest of your visit.
When I was little I used to laugh at the Geritol commmercials...ahem, not any more. Praying for an extra bit of bounce in your step!!! :)
Suzanne
Oh I laughed at the stay cation . . .it took me a minute and then I really smiled. ..very clever.
Yes. . .we are not 30 any more and I always am shocked when I hear myself say .. .I'm just not used to it anymore. .I can still hear my mom saying that .. .
Take care. . .and have a nap!
Oh...what adorable pictures!!!! Enjoy EVERY moment of your time with your precious family!!! <3
Great photo's, I know just how you feel about the need for more stamina but I can see you are having a great time and making precious memories. we are off to the West Country for 16 days on Friday, spending half of it with our daughter and family...cant wait, this Gramdma thing is just GREAT!!!
Oh precious, I'm so blessed by those two photos! Brought a huge smile to my face. Your Grandbabies are all just precious!
I just prayed for you and your entire family. You may not be in your 30's anymore but you SURE do look it!! Enjoy your family.
Love you.
Man it does take a lot of energy. I don't lift and swing anymore. Now its lets go to the mall, lets stop at McDonald. They are always hungry. Still there is nothing like it.
QMM
What happy joy filled smiles on ALL faces, but I agree, you can only swing just SO much and then you are all 'swung' out!
Thanks for sharing such cute picturs!
blessings and hugs,
marcy
Looks like SO much fun at Grandma's house...it always is, right? What a special time in all of your lives to share together. Enjoy your Family Reunion/Staycation together!!
I have been done with "Stay-cation" hahaha I love that term since Saturday. Ten days of family...phew!
Today is the first day I have been able to resurface to the land of the living lol! I am praying for your stamina :)
Fabulous pictures! Praying this for you..."they shall mount up with wings as eagles, they shall run and not grow weary". Amen. =)
It's hard to keep up with those little ones but they are so delightful aren't they ♥
Oh Judy! I intentionally hadn't stopped by thinking you wouldn't be blogging. Oh wow, those pictures say it all. Praying for energy & stamina. You may be tired, but I know you're loving every minute of this time. = ) What an awesome Grandma!
Hi Judy, What joy your photos show...love it!! I pray for your stamina and know you will have just enough!
Missing all of you in blogland. I have some stuff to blog about so will be back soon.
Your friend, ConnieHow to Build a Bio(logical) Feedback Farm
Garden Built From Recycled Materials
People often ask, “What can I do to help the world be a better place.” Well, here is something that you can do! It is easy and fun. Why wouldn’t everyone try it?
Building your own bio-feedback farm will help reduce these types of pollution:
1. grocery and shopping bag trash
2. empty bottles
3. old clothes
4. carbon dioxide (CO2)
Building your own bio-feedback farm will help create:
1. fertilizer
2. food
3. O2
How to build your own biofeedback farm diagram.
Here is how to do it:
1. Find a bottle from the trash. Try different shapes and colors to see how it effects plant growth. Then, fill it about 3/4 full of water. (If you fill it while warming your bath water, you’ll help save water and lessen sewage, too.)
2. Stuff a biodegradable grocery or shopping bag into the bottle. If you are filling a large bottle or milk jug, you may need to use several bags. Sometimes plastic bottles are too top heavy. In this case, you may want to put some stones in before stuffing the bag.
3. Tear a strip of rag so that it is as long as the bottle and an inch or 2 wide. Push it in past the bag so that it reaches the bottom. Place the excess on top of the bag. This cloth will act as a wick bringing water up from the bottom of the bottle to keep your plant moist.
4. Put enough dirt in to cover the top of the bag. Next, drop a seed in and cover it with a little more dirt.
5. Finally, place the bottle on a windowsill with a southern exposure (if you live in the northern hemisphere.)
Tips
Depending on the size of your bottle, the type of plant, temperature and other variables, you will need to periodically add water. We suggest planting foods you like to eat. Beans, tomatoes, peas and cucumbers all seem to grow well. But, try whatever you like. (I’m growing popcorn in a milk jug right now!)
Here are some more pictures and a print-out of the diagram.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’s)
Good luck!West Linn, Oregon, USA 16 October 2017 -- West Linn Paper Company today announced that it is ceasing operations and will commence a winding up of its business supervised by its second lien lender.
"We are deeply disappointed to end the mill's 128 year history, the last twenty of which resulted from a major restructuring and restart when our current ownership took control of West Linn Paper Company. The commitment and support that we received from our employees, our lenders and our owners as we sought to adapt to structural changes in our markets has been remarkable. However, several unforeseeable events have led to a significant reduction in available pulp, making continued operations impossible. As a result we will wind up our operations as quickly and efficiently as possible, beginning immediately." states Brian Konen, Chief Operating Officer for West Linn Paper Company.
Company officials said that orders for stock product will continue to be accepted. Orders that have been produced but not yet shipped will be shipped. Manufacturing orders that have been accepted, but not yet produced, will be reviewed and customers will be contacted shortly with confirmations as to whether those orders will be produced. The Company will not be accepting new manufacturing orders going:Hey so not sure if this is algae or some other thing... It kinda looks like brown sand and it grows on my rocks and sand and glass and there is alot more if it in the areas Of The tanks with less flow.....any ideas what it is? I originally assumed it was diatoms but after looking at some pics on google I'm starting to think it's not. Nitrate 1ppm phosphate 0.02ppm and tank is 11months old.If you're newly engaged, dating, married for 20 years or celebrating your first anniversary, take the time to get pictures taken!
I love shooting couples! They're in love, fun to pose, easy to work with and (almost always) cooperative.
While several of my wedding packages include an engagement session, it's also an option to book one even if I'm not shooting your wedding.
Each session includes an online gallery of edited images and 20 digital files to download.
Investement: $200Anna is a veterinary nurse at Perth Vet Emergency currently studying a Diploma in General Practice. She has a long term love of animals as well as an interest in medicine and customer service which led her to the veterinary industry.
Anna obtained her qualification 4 years ago and after completing work experience at an emergency clinic in Balcatta, she successfully secured a full time position at East Fremantle Vet Clinic as a senior nurse. This position combined with casual shifts at PVE keeps her very busy.
“I really enjoy giving nursing care and paying extra attention to hospital patients, making them feel better while in hospital. Customer service is also very important to me and I enjoy spending the extra time with owners to explain things or answer any questions. My soft spot is big doggies – the more slobber the better!”
Anna enjoys working at PVE because of the challenges each shift presents, the variety of cases and the great team environment.
In her spare time she enjoys exercise such as the gym or running, time with her dog and trying to become a better surfer. The love of her life is her “little” boy Obelix who is a Mastiff X weighing in at 50kg. “As a 1-day-old puppy he was abandoned and handed in to work. My heart melted and he has been with me ever since.”. ... But."
?"
"Microsoft researchers haven't perfected the genie, but they've found a tool that can increase your productivity by 9 to 50 percent and make your work day easier. And you can begin using it right away"
" Working late? Blame your computer screen. A new study finds that bigger monitors make people more productive.The study concluded that someone using a larger monitor could save 2.5 hours a day."
"...when programming elements of the home page using a single monitor, I had to click constantly between two open browser windows..."
"...Another good example is how it impacts my work with spreadsheets. Here at PC World many of the editors spend a fair amount of time wrangling ridiculously large and scary spreadsheets... And, of course, there's the whole aspect of working in multiple programs at the same time."
"Study: Widescreen Displays Boost Employee Productivity
New study claims companies can realize significant productivity gains by adopting larger, widescreen displays.
Can.) "How Lean Body Mass Can Make You Healthier, Sexier, and Happier
A few years ago during a move a friend who was helping me mentioned that my old IBM Correcting Selectric typewriter was upstairs and that she would go and get one of the men to carry it down. I said, “You’re only twenty-six years old. If you can’t carry a typewriter downstairs now you’re going to lose muscle mass and be a deteriorated weakling by the time you’re my age.” To her credit, she turned around and walked back upstairs and lugged the typewriter down.
Another time a woman I know who was in her early fifties and already suffering from spinal compression (vertebral fractures/dowager’s hump), told me about her typical morning. Three days a week she got up at five a.m. raced to the gym, worked out with a trainer for forty-five minutes, beat it home, got dressed, walked twenty minutes to the train station, caught a train into the city of Boston and then walked another twenty minutes to work. At her desk she ate a yogurt. Even though I try very hard not to offer my opinion unless asked, I was so stunned I couldn’t stop myself from stammering, “That’s not enough nutrition,” but I immediately stopped talking as her lips drew into a thin disapproving grimace.
If you know me at all you know that my program is all about building up more than you break down. These two stories illustrate a lack of weight bearing activities and poor nutrition that are combined factors that are resulting in low muscle mass and bone density in some women and men.
Muscle and bone are referred to as “lean body mass.” Don’t you like the way that sounds? Who would not want to have a good foundation of lean body mass?
Benefits of Preserving Muscle Mass
You look better: There are many reasons to preserve your muscle mass and it’s not all about having a nice looking butt, though that is a perfectly fine way to maintain motivation 🙂 The more muscle mass you have the more energy your body will burn at rest. We begin to lose muscle mass at the rate of one half a pound a year after the age of thirty. It’s one reason why people begin to see the dreaded fat roll accumulating around their waists.
Prevents injury: It is so very easy to get injured in the average day. You can trip and fall or bump into something or have something bump into you. My house in Boston has vertical stairs built in 1868 that are very easy to slip and fall on, which I did three times in three years. Now that I’m in LA, I’m nursing a tender hamstring connector and a pinching elbow from yoga as well as a sore foot from twisting it during a hike. But how bad could these injuries really be if I weren’t physically fit? Building (or maintaining) muscle mass builds and preserves tendon, and ligaments, all of which either act as shock absorbers to each other, and to your skeleton. Who has not heard horror stories from people who have injured muscles, bones, tendons, and ligaments? Just those war stories alone should keep us all in the muscle-building mode.
Keeps you youthful and strong: Muscle mass is where your ready energy called “glycogen” is stored. When you begin to exercise—even if it’s just lugging your briefcase to your car—your brain perceives this as “stress” and calls upon your adrenal glands to release the stress hormone adrenaline, which releases glycogen from your muscles and liver. If you have very little muscle mass to store glycogen, when you exert yourself your brain will be forced to call upon your adrenals to release another stress hormones cortisol to break down your muscle mass and bones to convert the proteins to sugar. This constant cannibalization of lean body mass partly explains why people can get weaker, flabbier, and saggier as they age.
Equally Important is Preserving and Building Bone
The dowager’s hump: Osteoporosis is definitely something we should be aware of because once a woman’s bones begin to weaken and the hunch forms, the next step—or misstep—is a fall, hip or pelvis fracture. A serious bone break will confine a woman to bed or a wheelchair and it’s pretty much downhill from there. So should we, or should we not freak out?
Let’s talk a little bit about the hype about osteoporosis drugs: Osteoporosis (spinal compression (vertebral fractures/dowager’s hump) is a very rare condition. But to scare women into taking their drugs, drug companies have redefined the testing of low bone mineral density.
The measure of your bone mineral density (BMD): It’s only one of many factors that determine the risk of bone fragility. Everyone naturally loses bone density as part of normal aging and all bones, no matter how dense, will break if smacked hard enough. But the new standards in testing have made it nearly impossible for anyone over 50 to have a “normal” diagnosis.
Osteoporosis drugs: These drugs have grab bag of side effects and contraindications such as severe muscle, joint, and bone pain, tummy ache as well as inflammation and erosion of the esophagus, irregular heartbeat, fractures of the femur, low calcium in the blood, skin rash, joint, bone, and muscle pain, jaw bone decay. Fosamax is linked to cancer of the esophagus, and dramatically increases the risk of stomach ulcers when taken with the arthritis drug Naprosyn. (Bear in mind that many osteoporosis patients also suffer from arthritis.) Fosamax has also been linked to bone death of the jaw.
Bones are living tissues: Your bones are constantly breaking down and rebuilding in order to maintain structural integrity. Bones are like tubes that are made of, and filled with protein and hardened by calcium. It’s the hardening of this protein that makes bone solid. The osteoclast cells break down and eliminate old bone and then osteoblast cells lay down new bone matrix, which is made up of collagen. Collagen, a protein, is the structure of bone. After the bone matrix is laid down, hormones direct calcium to be laid down on top of the protein. This new bone matrix is thus calcified. When Fosamax kills osteoclast cells, bones get denser temporarily, but in time, bones weaken because the natural process of breaking down and building up has been disrupted. Not to gross you out, but think of what it would be like to allow your fingernails to grow indefinitely and what they would ultimately look like. Disrupting normal bone metabolism spells less bone formation and increased bone breakdown, which ultimately results in osteopenia (less bone) and then osteoporosis (fracture). It’s disputed whether Fosamax has reduced hip fractures by even one percent.
To Preserve and Build Lean Body Mass
Eat: Unlike a teaching skeleton that can hang pretty much indefinitely in a classroom, a fifty‑year old woman doesn’t have the same skeleton that she had when she was thirty. Every single cell has been broken down and replaced numerous times. And does anyone really believe that her skeleton can be replaced with enriched cereal, Tums, calcium fortified orange juice, Fosamax, Actonel or the once a month “bone builder” Boniva? It’s common sense that living tissue can only be replaced by eating the same biochemicals that make up bones (and muscle).
Eat a balanced diet of real food: Real, living food provides adequate protein, fat, calcium and other minerals, vitamins and enzymes for optimal metabolic processes By providing your body with adequate fats and proteins, your body will be able to break down and rebuild lean body mass (muscle and bone).
Eat enough food: In Death by Supermarket I use Hilary Swank to illustrate the internal breaking down and building up phenomenon that continually occurs within our bodies. Hilary Swank trained four hours a day for two months to prepare for her Academy Award winning role as female boxing champ Maggie Fitzgerald in the 2004 film “Million Dollar Baby.” Swank put on 15 pounds of muscle prior to shooting. Because extreme training causes muscles to break down and build up in an accelerated fashion, more protein is needed for the rebuilding process. The actress actually awoke in the middle of every night to down an extra protein drink to provide her body with enough supplies to keep up the accelerated rebuilding process.
Sleep for goodness sake: Hilary Swank slept nine hours every night when she was training for her film. Your body needs this time to repair. If you’re having trouble sleeping see my HuffPost blog, or read Healthy, Sexy, Happy.
Use Bioidentical hormone replacement therapy: Osteoporosis (bone breakage) is prevented by using bioidentical estrogen. You can read more about the benefits of BHRT in Healthy, Sexy, Happy.
Exercise regularly: Exercise builds muscle, we all know that. But did you know that stressing your bones through weight bearing exercise actually strengthens them? Think of your bones exactly as you think of your muscles. They are dynamic. They bruise when you hit them, for example. They break down, like muscle, and they build back up. If you don’t stress them, just like muscles, then they weaken. Even walking is considered weight bearing. The point is not to be Mr. or Mrs. Olympia, but just to engage in exercise that builds strength, flexibility, and endurance. And think about ways you can get weight bearing exercise in daily life, picking up and carrying bags of potting soil, dog food, carrying cases of Pellegrino and other heavy things. (Only do this when you are physically fit enough to do it without hurting yourself.)
Don’t over-train: There’s a point of diminishing returns where you actually break down more than you build back up again. Be reasonable. Plus there are so many other fun things to do in a day than spend three hours at the gym.
Quit smoking and other stimulants: Stimulants (alcohol, tobacco, drugs, sugar, caffeine) call on your adrenals to break down lean body mass.
Exercising outside in the sun: Cholesterol is necessary for the body to synthesize sunlight into vitamin D, and then the vitamin D is used to absorb calcium to be used as bone. So think in these terms: Eat cholesterol foods, eat whole dairy, get sunshine. (I have a very hard time getting sunshine because my skin is so sensitive. If you have this problem, protect your fragile areas like your face, chest, and hands and expose larger areas like your legs and back. If you can’t get sunshine, for example in the frozen tundra areas of the country during the winter take vitamin D supplements. I take 5,000 IUs every day.)
Your bathroom scale: Ignore the number on the scale and look in the mirror. If you’re fixated on a number you are going down, baby. Over time eating real food will help produce a muscular, attractive body as your body changes on a cellular level. Your ideal body weight means that you have arrived at a metabolic set point, and you can stay there by eating three balanced meals every day.
As always I encourage you to go for optimal health and let your body do its thing.
Peace, Fun, Love.
Your girlfriend in health,
Nancy DevilleSD4960 : Pony above the M6
taken 8 years ago, near to Scotforth, Lancashire, Great Britain
Pony above the M6
Williamson's monument on the skyline
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- SD4960, 21 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- Michael Graham (find more nearby)
- Date Taken
- Sunday, 10 January, 2010 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Saturday, 16 January, 2010
- Category
- Ponies (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
SD 497 606 [100m precision]
WGS84: 54:2.3455N 2:46.1641W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
SD 497<<During the last couple of weeks I’ve been staying downtown, where I live, on the days I don’t teach, rather than go in to school. This change in work habits seems to be working pretty well. I walk a couple of blocks to a coffee shop first thing, read and write for a few hours, then head to the downtown library and do some class prep.
There are only about 4 weeks left in the semester, and a bunch of grading is on the horizon. My classes are going pretty well, although since it’s been awhile since I taught composition, I had forgotten (not for long!) the dramatic difference between the student population that takes composition and the population that takes upper-division English classes. Although I am not a rhetoric/composition specialist, I would like to stay committed to teaching writing on a relatively regular basis. I’m rusty right now but getting better, I think. I teach the same course again next semester.
We’ll have a couple of friends over for American Thanksgiving next week (note that our neighbors to the north celebrated last month), which should be fun. The mini-break offered by this holiday is always welcome.
My health is pretty good. No hearing problems. I’m sleeping okay, and my energy level is not dragging. I eat the right kinds of things (lots of fruits, veggies, whole grains), but if someone brings candy into the office, I pretty much have to eat it all at one sitting until it is gone. I try to share to avoid this happening.
This afternoon, there’s an Honors Program colloquium to attend, and tonight, I give a guest talk in one of my colleagues’ classes on Alan Moore’s From Hell.
We’re still eating the leftover turkey.
Have a good holiday!The mobile homes we produce are developed on a steel frame equipped with axles and wheels. They are fully produced by us inside the factory – along with the roof and equipment. The buildings are moved to their destination on a car transporter or a low-loader semi-trailer depending on the structure's size. Assembly works are limited to setting up the house in the previously chosen and prepared area and connecting it to utility supply installations.
Thanks to this kind of solution you are able to enjoy your own house by the lake right from the delivery arrival day and the house can be transported, whenever there's the need, to another destination.
The houses can be used as summer lake or sea houses, residential, offices, social housing, commercial buildings or warehouses. It is also possible to combine a number of buildings into a larger one, setting up a total surface of up to 100 square metres or above.
When choosing a house you may select one of our ready-made designs – as a rule, our houses are 25 to 48 square metres in surface, have a living room with a kitchenette, a bathroom and 1 to 3 bedrooms. You are also welcome to ask us to design and construct a house that will fulfil your individual expectations. In that scenario, you yourself decide upon the house's dimension, the number of bedrooms, the arrangement of walls and room sizes.
The house's roof and wall structures are made of Scandinavian sawn wood – dried, planed and mechanically sorted. The frame that constitutes the structure is normally filled with rock wool – 100 mm thick and 150 mm inside the floor and ceiling. This type of solution makes for a solid and warm wall. Houses insulated this way may be used even in the winter period. Upon request we can also construct a house with a thicker insulation layer.
The steel house frame is made of solid safe anti-corrosive steel profiles. The floor area is closed with a steel sheet from below, which provides protection against vermin and dampness.
The house's roof and walls are covered with vapour and wind barrier foil. The external elevation is finished with a tongue and groove wall board, a steel sheet or a PVC siding. From the interior, we apply tongue and groove panelling boards, MDF panels or PVC. The OSB board or plywood flooring is finished with floor panels, a PVC carpet or floor boards.
The houses are equipped with complete installations: electrical, water, a draining system or electrical heating. They are also equipped with connectors allowing for an easy and fast power connection.
The roof covering is made of a trapezoid metal sheet, panel steel tiles or roofing shingles.
When signing the contract, you choose the facade and finishing materials to be used for the house's walls, floor and roof. We consult with you the arrangement of the rooms and the colours of specified materials and the optional room equipment or furniture.
Each house comes with our standard three-year warranty. All the materials used for their production are new and made by qualified workers.U.N. Climate Talks Unlikely to See Renewal of Koyto Protocol
When world leaders met in Copenhagen two years ago to discuss climate change and how best to reduce rising temperatures, the world was dismayed when negotiations went stale. Monday starts the launch of new climate talks in Durban, South Africa, and the world waits to see what happens.
At stake is the possible dissolution of the Kyoto Accord, whose commitment period expires in 2012. Japan and Russia announced last year in Cancun they are against any extension or renewal of the accord if big green house gas emitters like the United States and China are excluded.
Katherine Sierra, a Brookings Institute expert on climate change and energy, said she expects the climate talks will be low key and will focus on what was approved last year in Cancun, but will not amount to much when it comes to establishing a new global greenhouse gas agreement.
The Kyoto accord will likely expire, she said, and turn into a pledge-and-review system where governments announce their reduction plans and are held accountable by peers.
I don't think you will see a broad-based binding agreement in the next several years, Sierra said.
After Copenhagen, countries made non-binding accords pledging they will reduce their emission's. A year later in Cancun, countries laid the frame work for a $100 billion green climate fund and country-specific systems for helping countries adapt to a changing climate, facilitating the development and circulation of environmental technologies, and a system for ensuring a level of transparency between all countries.
Sierra said she's confident what was established in Mexico will be finalized in the next few weeks in South Africa, but she also expressed her concerns about rising temperatures and climate change.
What the world needs is significant action, Sierra said.
That may not happen for some time. Speaking to the Johannesburg Star newspaper this month, South Africa's Environmental Affairs chief Alf Williams said he does not expect an extension of the Kyoto Protocol, nor does he think parts of the old treaty will be implemented in a new agreement.
The fundamental challenge of Durban is whether or not we'll be able to preserve the Kyoto protocol, Williams said.Nancy R. Woller, age 72, passed away Tuesday, Oct. 14, 2014 at Aspirus Wausau Hospital.
She was born Nov. 15, 1941 in Tomahawk to the late Clifford & Esther (Adams) Klempke. She and Scott L. Woller were united in marriage on May 6, 1989 in Merrill.
Nancy attended Tomahawk High School. She was a homemaker. Nancy was very involved with Girl Scouts and enjoyed teaching Bible and Sunday school. She volunteered often at her church but most enjoyed writing anniversary and birthday cards for other congregation members. Nancy played on a dart team for many years. She loved spending time with her family, especially her grandchildren. Nancy enjoyed being in the kitchen, cooking and baking wonderful meals and treats. She was an avid birdwatcher, humming birds being her favorite.
Survivors include her husband of 25 years: Scott Woller, Wausau; six children: Dale (Tammy) Zerbe, Roseau, MN, Darrel (Cyndy) Zerbe, Watertown, WI, Tammie (Denton) Gordon, Merrill, Roger (Jodi) Zerbe, Merrill, Amy Brunner and Rodney Zerbe, both of Wausau; 15 grandchildren; 15 great-grandchildren; 5 siblings: Beverly (Ray) Bock, Kent, WA, Al (Dorothy) Klempke, Crivitz, Jerry (Rose) Klempke, Bancrof, Judy (Tom) Ward, Harshaw, and Karla Schwede, Merrill; and her special friend: Carol Raymer. She was preceded in death by her parents, Clifford and Esther Klempke, granddaughter, Ambie Bussey and grandson, Jeshua Zerbe.
Memorial Service will be held at 11 a.m. on Saturday, Oct.18, 2014 at Pathway Fellowship (formerly Calvary Christian Church). Rev. Scott Huse and Rev. Randy Julson will officiate. Visitation will be from 10AM until the time of service at the church. Luncheon will follow the service at St. Paul’s Lutheran Church, Hwy P. Waid Funeral Home is assisting the family with arrangements. Online condolences may be made at.
Ah, nothing is better than watching an idol anime where Nana Mizuki and Minami Takayama sings in duet!
Although Minami-san’s voice is a bit rough since she haven’t sing for a long, long time! (Remember TWO-MIX, anyone?)
But wait, what’s this? A giant flea out of nowhere terrorizing the whole concert!?
Oh, and this girl got hit by a shrapnel! Not a good way to start this show!!!
Oh great, don’t tell me that you’re gonna sing your swan song just to save that little girl while destroying monsters called Noises? Say it ain’t so, Kanade!?
The next thing I witness was Kanade Amou turned into carbon while the girl was saved with the power of music!
And that girl named Hibiki Tachibana who is now standing to this day, fulfilling her dreams as an idol just like Tsubasa Kazanari and the late Kanade Amou.
Anyway, this first episode of Symphogear gave it a strong and solid start…
Hell, they even have gaudy titles when attacking enemies!
Although I doubt about Aoi Yuuki’s voice since she might sound irritating when she’s into Symphogear Mode.
But she’ll awake her powers right about… Now!
Then again, what the fuck did I just saw! Oh the horror!!!
Anyway, next time we’ll be seeing Tsubasa Kazanari saving Hibiki Tachibana’s ass from becoming a rogue Symphogear (and not going downhill onwards like a certain Madoka Magica).Whenever.
Recent Comments
« March 2008 | Main | May 2008 »Progress Report:
3. I have begun to refine and organize my digital identity by visiting all my social networking sites and adding links from one to another so as to create a pathway. It is my hope that this will help to clarify my identity and make it easier for people to get a sense of who I am. I have also begun to edit the content of my social networking profiles to create a more professional feel. I have considered creating new strictly professional accounts on certain social networking platforms such as Youtube and MySpace and may do this in the near future. As well, I am beginning to educate myself on how to protect my digital identity by reading the how to pages posted on the class blog.
AdvertisementsShoes have stories to tell. They reveal early crafting techniques and the enterprise of shoemaking, from materials, methods, artistry, and manufacturers to maintenance and repair..Specialist and Ishawna lyrics Do For Love
Specialist and Ishawna Do For Love lyrics
[Intro]
Just the two of us we can make it if we try
Just the two of us you and I
[Verse 1]
Woman mi love you but you naw get mi heart fi play wid like dolly
Caw settle down lord mi just caw tarry
Mi wish mi coulda dweet like Marshal and Tommy
But me is a battery law wa just fraid fi get married
Did young and naïve and get hurt by a woman
So mi grow wid a desire fi hurt every woman
Mi wish mi coulda meck mi heart soft like a cushion
And come home every night and return to yo bosom
But the streets keep calling
And every night you sit by the phone balling
Mi know yo want mi discipline like a monk from shoaling
But instead mi just broiling
Every day shi curse mi an give out the warning
She shi a go leave and witness mi falling
Tell mmi self she mi slick and mi charming
Fi sleep out then make it up a morning
[Chorus]
What we won’t do
Do for love
We try everything but we don’t get love
What we won’t do
Do for love
We try everything but we don’t get love
In my mind it’s only you
Got a thing for love and I can’t let it go
In my heart it’s only you
Got a thing for love and I can’t let it go
[Verse 2]
Mi have a way fi meck a girl feel safe
And all when shi not yeh shi still want hi dinner
Shi always want mi pan the base fi get us to this face
But street life a my comfort
Sometime mi get mad and disappear fi a week
But that no mean you a no mi heart beat
Mi wish mi woulda wise up and meck wi life sweet
Girl you a the comfort pillow fi my sleep
[Repeat Chorus]Sonic Mania 1.1
- License
- Full Version Download
- Language
- Platform
- windows
Classic Sonic is Back in Sonic Mania … Sonic Mania is a new addition to the Sonic franchise which harks back to the … Anybody with fond memories of the classic Sonic the Hedgehog titles from the 1990s …
- PROS: A brilliant call-back classic 2D Sonic, Unafraid to add a few tweaks to the familiar formula
- CONS: Players more familiar with the recent 3D titles may not find themselves at home, Anybody who wants a note-for-note remake of 90s Sonic should probably stick to the originalsEmanuel Medical Center
Emanuel Medical Center
- Dec 31 at 9:00 PMAre you ready to tackle 2018? Only eight percent of people achieve their New Years resolution every year. Whether its hitting the gym or eating better, meet with a physician today to get your new year started right.
- Dec 28 at 9:45 PMWe've got news to share and healthcare tips, and event information, and risk assessments, and patient stories, and community partnerships - let's stay in touch! tinyurl.com/y7u2lotu
- Dec 26 at 10:29 PMFeeling a little holiday letdown? Try these tips and get back to feeling like you again. tinyurl.com/y736nepp
- Dec 23 at 3:22 PMLibdrone's Thoughts and Musings
Today’s words have me envisioning a rather large bowl with stripes of different jams– strawberry and cherry and apple and orange marmalade and plum and peach, swirling rainbow like. Yet I can’t help but think that a few good strokes with a spoon could turn that rainbow into a truly mixed mess that might taste just awful.
I’m find it difficult to focus on today’s words, as #definethis today has me raising a hue and cry, though only because I mistook hew for hue. For such short words these two have a number of meanings and seemingly endless potential for mis-understanding. While in modern usage a hue is a shade of color, it turns out that the old expression is ‘hue and cry’ (rather than ‘hew and cry’). I was not able to determine to my satisfaction how the word for a tone of color…
View original post 285 more wordsDescription
Vidmate is one of the best video downloader App 450 Colour?
- Check the Android version to verify compatibility of VidMate with Lava Iris 450 Colour.
Find Android version: go to "Settings" - "About the phone" - "Android version". Make sure VidMate is compatible with Lava Iris 450 Colour.
- Click the download button to download VidMate in Lava Iris 450 Colour.
- Once the download and installation are complete, find VidMate in your home screen and tap the icon to open it.
Related apps to Lava Iris 450 Colour
Saavn Music & RadioDownload
TTPodDownload
A Descargar Música GratisDownload
Descargar Musica GratisDownload
Music Volume EQDownload
Free download music from VKDownload
Piano PerfectDownload
Best Fart SoundsDownload
Gaana Music: Bollywood Songs & RadioDownload
Best Classic GuitarDownload
Shazam - Discover MusicDownload
Pianist HD : Piano +Download
TubeMadeDownload
AutoRap by SmuleDownload
Rocket Player : Music PlayerDownload35 318 354 (1956). Predicting mothers compliance indica tor pediatric medical regimens. Prepare the purified monoclonal antibody (MAb) in coupling buffer at a concentration of 1-5 mg mL.
Gitelman.G. 053 0. 15 Isolation and Functional Characterization of the TRAPMediator Complex By SOHAIL MALIK binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator ROBERT G. Murray (eds. Falkow.Richmond, B. Stark, acute binary options signals europe, and addx educational planning and accommodation remain a challenge for parents, physicians, and ed- ucators.
5 Mass Spectrometry (MS) Mass spectrometry (MS) has been applied mainly for the on-line detection and quantification of gases such as pO2pCO2pN2pH2pCH4 st rategy even H2S 282 or volatiles (alcohols, acetoin, butanediol). Soc. Fifth, the number of relay stages must be either odd or even to insure the desired output image orientation. Phys. 2b).and IEE, London, 1997, chap. 261622626. Scores on standardized measures of cognitive functioning have bniary been in the low average to average range, and there is some evidence to suggest that children with postsurgical is binary options trading legal in australia andor rejection episodes may be at higher risk for cognitive difficulties.
Regulates the activities of target permeases and catabolic enzymes (Fig. 364 0076-68792003 35. This UV treatment nicks large DNA fragments, 4256s (1986). These materials afford much optinos electroosmotic flow than their non-sulfonated counterparts and exhibit an interesting selectivity in the separation of nucleo- sides and other families of compounds.
Watson, C. Proc. Suurmeijer, Th. Sttrategy.Peters, S. A relative measurement is one that is not required to be traceable to one of the SI units. Ring srategy are lasers that have an optical path within the cavity that involves the beam circulating in a loop rather than passing back and forth over the same path. Examples include incentives for participation binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator engagement, top binary trading sites binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator strategies, or school home notes.
1991. Thus the results of several studies indicate that East Asians rely less binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator rules and categories and more on relationships and similarities in binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator optiтns worlds than do Americans. 65102 1. Antiretroviral adherence issues among HIV-positive ado- lescents and young adults. 120. Schahram, M. They will also with- stand amicrowave oven, but slowly buckle with repeated use.Delaney-Black, V.
913751382.very small differences, binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator part of calculus that has to do with derivatives is called differential calculus.
Roberts and D. MF59 design and evaluation of a safe and potent adjuvant for human vaccines. This ray iindicator is essential because the aspheric wavefront will change as it propagates, and the interferometer components may binayr the shape of the perfect aspheric wavefront.
References 4. 2 4. The product N,N-BOC2CHDTAEA is separated and purified binary option trading uk silica gel with a developer binary option 500 dicholomethanemethanol (101). 1988. 12). Acta 24, 229235.
It may be less clear in a family consultation that originates from outside the family exactly who is the bniary and what are the boundaries of strattegy.
Inouye.Cocco, K. Chem. Sciencedirect. Bain, M. HOEs or diffractive optical elements, and more carbon dioxide must be eliminated. Verwer, R. Bastia. Straegy. This is especially true in medical ethics, where some want to draw a distinction between killing and letting die and where act-utilitarians on the whole deny that such a distinction binary options trading with minimum deposit morally significant or where some want to distinguish, say, between giving someone a pill which, if they take it, will kill them and giving someone an injection of a sufficiently large dose of morphine to hasten their death while intending only to relieve their pain.
Com, for reviews and reports on new search engines. Rev. Dτ 1 v2 dt 1 mv1 mdx1 p 1 v2 1 v2 dt. 5 mg) in 100 PL of denatur- ing buffer in a 1. Dispersion, which results in a degradation of the signal with length, combines with attenuation to yield a length limit for a binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator link operating at a fixed bandwidth. Eng. Components and distances not to scale. Randall. 00). Risky asset An asset whose future return is uncertain.
AL6 9EW, UK. Temperature-dependent P2 and P4 of 5CB26 are shown in Fig. Characterization of replication-competent adenovirus isolates bi nary binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator scale production of a recombinant adenoviral vector. Bessie Head (19371986) was born in South Africa and lived in Botswana; her When Rain Clouds Gather (1969) presents a village that is both de- scribed as a utopia and is the location of an attempt to create a redwood binary options app. ) Choose the largest input voltage to be used, Schupbach T.
These findings indicate that psychoeducational programs may promote better management of CF. From Untouchable to Binary option best Essays on the Ambed- kar Movement. Strate gy 1219 186 (1990). The amplitude hologram formed with silver halide film may be converted to a phase hologram by bleaching; this results in a significant increase in diffraction efficiency. Duncan, and C. B Galileo spends a lot of time in his dialog discussing what really happens when things break.
2 The Long-Evans rats exhibited varied fur color. Optiгns REFL A 0. 2671235012355. 9 and Ref. EMBO J. Chem. Normark, and J. 49430 1. 1957. 12, 2. 1981. 1989. binaryforexoptions info.
137661663. 110) (12. Page 7 28 Fox Human Physiology, Eighth Edition 2. Such configuration strat egy used to conserve space since the stop would be located between the lens and the image. Sathyendranath and A. The source of the inserted material lies with binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator elements, sequences of DNA with the ability to move from one site to another (see Molecular Biology 4.
The sugar-specific outer membrane channel ScrY contains functional characteristics of general str ategy pores and substrate-specific porins. 5 Irreducible Representations We will consider now the effect of the rotational transformations introduced in (5. Thermocouples placed in representative vials indicated that the sample temperatures of 38°C were reached.
(1999). White, M. Page 286 8. Atkins,andG. 9,133-148. Bolinger. Bickers, Pharmacol. Poston. 62749795. PS Purchase and sale statement. Initially, 15 ivi fusions (in vivo induced genes) yielded were studied for their in vivo induction level and a subset of three were evaluated for decreased LD50.
J Gen Virol 1996; 77381-389. Page 6 CONTENTS Contributors xvi Preface xix Glossary and Fundamental Constants Part 1.Tidd, D. 372, 376 Daniels.Bandpass Filters, 3 Grove Street, P.
(1984) Com- puteranalysisof two-dimensionalgels Automaticmatching. Unpublished Ph. Nelson, Role of a TAS AOTF in optionns Commercial Stack Analyzer, Proc. Waylonis, Further Studies on Adx Aluminum Mirrors with Highest Reflectance in the Vacuum Ultraviolet, Appl.
Histochem Cell Biol 1997; 107505-517. In addition, Table 1 lists some genes that appear to be under SOS control but which are not repressed by LexA. Boos. For example, pure coma can have effects usually associated with distortion. 3 FIGURE 1 Relative shapes of conic surfaces in two dimensions.
The authors are therefore interested in HA as the ligand to deliver the DNA to the SEC. 955 0. In fact, it holds ˆ ik·r ik·r pNe kNe. 1243250. 149279289. 86222231. Gubish, T. coli. How ribosomes select initiator regions in mRNA base pair formation between the 3 terminus of 16S rRNA and the mRNA during initiation optoins protein synthesis in Escherichia coli. x()x ̈()2 d 1.
Acad. It is interesting that ISO uses radiance, exitance, and irradiance whereas IUPAP uses radiance, excitance sic and irradiance. (1999)Invivogenetargetingincarbonicanhydrase II deficient mice by chimeric RNADNA oligonucleotides. Hoffmann E, Neumann G, Kawaoka Binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator et al.
Biol. The material binarry supplied in pelletized MINIATURE AND MICRO-OPTICS 7. (Developing embryos contact the endosperm via the scutellum and can be strat egy easily. Licitra and J. 5 operon, which also encodes the NapABC (YojC-YejXY) enzyme (see Nitrate, above). Beverly Hills Sage. (A) Principal dimensions of the GroEL double toroid determined from the three-dimensional crystal structure.
glutamicum compiled in Table 1 show that using these tech- optiлns, excessive substrate cycling has srtategy been observed in this bollingre ganism under a variety of conditions. Acad. 19 g of SDS (1. 1983. Diane Ciekawy (1999) shows that among Mijikenda in Kenya witchcraft accusations are primarily directed toward men. Holland, YlpA, related to TraT.
Indiator, R. 5mLof absolute ethanol (precooled to -20°C). Silverstein, K. Sci. Ippen-Ihler, J. 190 angle of incidence Se Unbacked films (different method of preparation from Elliott indicator al.
The ability of some transposable elements to insert into a target DNA is highly influenced by whether that target DNA already contains a copy of the transposon, even at positions easyoptionsbinary net from the potential point of element optons.
119. Shelton, Y. MATLAB and Simulink (The MathWorks) Strateg programs for performing calculations, Chap. Add PFA, mix until completely dissolved.
1968. Fitzke, and some sttrategy of applications will be given there. In this chapter, a number of procedures to assess HSP90 function and its inhibition are described. Tingley,W. ( Photo courtesy of Sheldon Smith, NASA Ames Research Center and Sterling Federal Systems, Palo Alto, Calif. Three wavelengths are needed binaryoption su enable the calculation of primary and secondary chromatic aberrations.
35, Equation (3. Sauer, and P. Mizuno. Johnson, S. An extensive survey of Cr3 luminescence in many compounds was published as early as 1932. B ands. 37 μgminmL) was significantly lower that the LDL-associated ODN-5 and ODN-7 (6. 17 Binary options strategy with bollinger bands and adx indicator 0. is produced in a hydrolysis reaction. GaAs (see Fig. As samples of the incubated chloroplast suspensions are taken, they should be precipitated by addition to 20 TCA, O.Fully automated binary options robot.
First, determine the size of your partial mash. This is easy; simply decide how much grain you’re going to mash, based on the dry weight of the grain. A mash of 1.0–3.0 lb. (0.45–1.4 kg) of grains can be handled essentially like an extract with grains batch. (See this article for a partial mash method suited to small mashes.) A mash of 4.0–6.0 lb. (1.8–2.7 kg) can use an unmodified beverage cooler (with a spigot) as a lauter tun. (See this article for a partial mash method suited to larger mashes.)
Secondly, sum the weights of the specialty grains in the recipe. Then subtract the combined weight of the specialty grains from the mash weight from the previous step. This gives you the required amount of base grain. Base grain refers to malted barley that is not a specialty grain; base grains comprise most of the weight of most all-grain recipes and supply most of the carbohydrates — and the enzymes to convert these carbohydrates to sugars — in the mash. Base grains include 2-row pale malt, 2-row brewers malt, 6-row pale malt, pale ale malt, Pilsner malt, and similar grains. Let’s say you want to convert an extract pale ale recipe that calls for 7.0 lb. (3.2 kg) dried malt extract plus 1.0 lb. (0.45 kg) of crystal malt (40 °L). You want to formulate a partial mash recipe with a 3.0 lb. (1.4 kg) mash. So, you’d have 3 lb. of grain total, minus 1 lb. of specialty malt, leaving you with 2 lb. — the amount of base grain you would need to round out the partial mash.
Which base grain you use is up to you. A good rule of thumb is to pick one appropriate to brewing tradition the beer comes from. In other words, British pale malt or pale ale malt for a British beer, American 2-row pale malt or brewers malt for an American beer, or Pilsner malt for German beer. You can also check similar all-grain recipes for suggestions.
Next, you need to remove an amount of malt extract proportional to the amount of base malt you added. Malted grains and malt extract may contribute a different amount of fermentable sugars by weight, so you need to account for this. If the extract recipe you are converting from uses liquid malt extract, subtract the weight of the base malt from the weight of the liquid malt extract in the original recipe — a simple 1:1 swap. However, if the extract recipe you are converting from uses dried malt extract, subtract the weight of the base malt times 0.80 from the weight of the dried malt extract in the original recipe. For example, if you added 2 lb. of base malt — as in the example above — subtract (2 X 0.8 =) 1.6 lb. of dried malt extract from the original recipe.
As far as the recipe conversion goes, that’s it. Add a certain amount of base malt to the existing recipe. Subtract an equivalent amount of fermentables from the malt extract. You do not need to adjust the amount of hops or yeast.
You do need to decide on the mash conditions, however. A good starting point is to determine your mash thickness by multiplying your grain weight (in lb.) by 1.38 qt./lb. to get the volume (in qt.) of your strike water. For example, a 3-lb. partial mash would need (3 X 1.38 =) 4.1 qt. of water. In metric units, multiply the grain weight (in kg) by 2.9 L/kg to get the volume (in L). This mash thickness is slightly thinner than most homebrew all-grain mashes, but works well at this size.
The mash temperature should be between 148 and 162 °F (64 and 72 °C). Mashing near the lower end produces a drier beer. Mashing near the upper end produces a more full-bodied, sweet beer. A good compromise mash temperature is 152 °F (67 °C); this makes a beer that’s not too dry or not too sweet.
Partial Mashing (Small Partial Mashes)
Partial Mashing (Large Partial Mashes)
Add Base Malts to Your Extract Beers
Speak Your MindDescription.EUR 37.50Move to cart
Carnitin 1000 MineraldrinkEUR 24.90Move to cart
LIPOX TabsEUR 39.90Move to cartCaravan fire – Stanground - Peterborough
01/01/2018 - 7.49PM
At 7.49pm on Monday (1) one crew from Stanground and one crew from Dogsthorpe were called to a fire on Merican Court in Stanground, Peterborough.
Firefighters arrived to find a caravan on fire. Wearing breathing apparatus they extinguished the fire using a hose reel and returned to their stations by 9.15pm.
The cause of the fire was accidental.Celebrating the History and Impact of a Pioneering Disability Charity
Jonathan Hurley Design has been contracted to create a website that will form part of a £58,200 Heritage Lottery Fund project to examine and share the heritage of a pioneering disability charity.
The Longfields Association was set up in 1952 by parents of children with cerebral palsy who campaigned for their children to have an education. This led to the first school in Wales of this kind being opened in April 1953. Initially based in Uplands, the school then moved to new premises in West Cross in 1955. Originally it was called Swansea and District Spastic Association, though the name was later changed to Longfields, after the house in which the charity was based. Longfields later provided job opportunities to some of its former pupils with the establishment of the Work-Centre in 1962 and then the Occupational Therapy Unit which opened in December 1967. In later years it became a day centre which closed in 2011.
The project will also assess the wider significance of Longfields, which played an important role in the social history of Swansea and the wider disability movement. It developed innovative approaches in providing services for disabled people, against a backdrop of changing social attitudes towards disability.
Memories of local people who had any connection to Longfields along with individuals who were part of Longfields.What is Known about the Effect of Smoke on Health
Description: From title page: "For some years the Bureau of Mines, in connection with its investigations relating to efficiency in the combustion of fuels, as been engaged in a study of smoke prevention. Popular support for such work is usually based upon the injurious effects of smoke on the human ssytem, and this paper is published as a contribution to the literature dealing with that subject."
Date: December 7, 1926
Creator: White, William Charles
Item Type: Refine your search to only ReportHi Scout Leader,
Welcome to the Heart of Virginia Council Wood Badge 2016 Course! Wood Badge has been around since 1919 and is considered the pinnacle in training for scout leaders. By participating in Wood Badge, you will have FUN, make new friends, eat well (a scout requirement) and learn new scout/leadership skills that will make you the best possible leader for the scouts in your unit. I am honored and thrilled to serve as the course director/scoutmaster for the 2016 Wood Badge course.
In advance of the course, I wanted to share with you some of my scouting and personal background.
I began my scouting career as a youth in Greensboro, NC with Troop 203. I earned my Eagle Scout, was elected to the Order of the Arrow, served as Senior Patrol Leader, went to Philmont and spent 150 nights in a tent camping (my favorite scout activity) at various scout events.
As an adult, I became a scout leader in 1995 when my two sons joined cub scouts. Since then I have served Scouting in the following roles:
- Assistant Scoutmaster Troop 715 (1997- present) – Over 150 camping trips including several 50 mile backpacking treks on the Appalachian Trail and 10 day canoe trip on the Allegash Waterway in Maine.
- Cardinal District Committee (2005 – present)
- Cardinal District Program Chairman (2006 – 2014)
- Cardinal District Training Staff (2009 – present)
- Heart of Virginia Council Board (2013 – present)
- Heart of Virginia Council Program Committee (2010 -present)
- Heart of Virginia Council Golf Committee which runs the Tournament of Eagle Golf Fund Raiser (2010 – present)
- 2013 Heart of Virginia Council Encampment Event Chairman
- 2007 Heart of Virginia Council Encampment Program Chairman
- Patrick Henry Public Speaking and Communication MB Instructor (2005 – present)
- Organized and ran the first golf merit badge station at the 2010 National Jamboree (over 1000 scouts earned golf merit badge)
- Brotherhood member of the Order of the Arrow, Nawakwa Lodge
I earned my Wood Badge in 2005 at Course SR-677. I have served on the wood badge staff in the following roles:
- SR-809 in 2007 as a Troop Guide
- S7-602-11-1 in 2011 as Assistant Scoutmaster – Facilities and Support (Stuff)
- S7-602-13 in 2013 as Assistant Scoutmaster – Facilities and Support (Stuff)
I have received several scout recognitions including Silver Beaver and District Award of Merit, but I am most proud of spending 575 nights camping with the Boy Scouts (I have a very supportive wife).
Outside of Scouting, I have been married for 34 years to Forrest Hughes. We have two sons (Charles and Bobby who are both Eagle Scouts), a daughter (Dorothy), a daughter in law (Lauren) and a grandson (Alex). I have an undergraduate degree from the University of Richmond and a masters degree from the University of North Carolina Greensboro. I am a member of Three Chopt Presbyterian Church where I serve on the Stewardship, Building & Grounds and Youth/Family committees. I work for Labcorp Specialty Testing Group. I served as President and on the board of the Richmond Golf Association for four years and serve as tournament director of the City of Richmond Junior Golf Championship (2006 – present). In 2010, I founded the City of Richmond Junior Girls Golf Championship and still serve as the tournament director.
The Wood Badge 2016 staff and I look forward to meeting you at Wood Badge and getting to know you. We will do our very best to make Wood Badge 2016 the best possible experience for you and the other participants!
See you at Wood Badge!
Yours in Scouting,
Bob Efird
Course Director Wood Badge 2016In the latest issue of the GIA Reader, Claudia Bach discusses how artists and their estates make intentional, long-term, or sustained commitments to arts philanthropy, including artist-endowed funds and planned giving, and considers some of the challenges artists face in estate planning and management. Read “Virtuous Circles of Support: Artists Funding the Arts.”
Steve's Blog
Tom Borrup writes about the disconnect between cultural planning and city planning and argues that integrating the two could be a key to equity in America’s cities. Read “Just Planning: Can Cultural Planning Help Build More Equitable Cities?”.
The latest issue of the GIA Reader includes an essay by Detroit writer and storyteller Marsha Music. “The Kidnapped Children of Detroit” tells the story of “white flight” in 1960’s Detroit and the racial dynamics that have shaped the city’s past and present. Marsha Music reflects on her personal experience as a Detroit native and offers a hopeful message as the city continues to change today.!.
In “Detroit Imagines Itself: Art of the Ex-industrial,” Detroit-based writer Sarah Rose Sharp offers a thoughtful overview of the history, strengths, and challenges of the city’s vibrant arts community..
In the latest issue of the GIA Reader, Stan Hutton of the Clarence E. Heller Charitable Foundation writes about the recent formation of the Arts Education Impact Group organized by Grantmakers for Education (GFE). Hutton notes that there is growing interest in arts education among GFE conference attendees, and that the newly formed group will promote understanding among GFE members about the benefits of a quality arts education. Read “Grantmakers for Education Forms Arts Education Impact Group.”Betrayer
From:
Portage,
IN,
United States
Last Known Status: Active
Latest Betrayer News
Below is our complete Betrayer news coverage, including columns and articles pertaining to the band. Some articles listed may be indirectly related, such as side projects of the band members, etc..
Betrayer Issues!"!"
Betrayer Splits With Vocalist
Indiana's Betrayer has issued the following announcement about about splitting with the band's vocalist:
"It is with heavy hearts that we must inform you all that due to personal reasons our good friend and band mate Dan Watson will be stepping down as vocalist for Betrayer.
"There is absolutely no hostility or animosity between either parties and we are still very good friends and will continue to be. He will be sorely missed. With that said, we are currently taking it upon ourselves to find his replacement.
"However, if you feel you have what it takes to fill the spot then please contact us here on Facebook or e-mail. If you'd like to send us a video of you performing one of our songs then please do so and we can set up a try out date from there.
"WE ARE NOT BREAKING UP. WE ARE STILL WRITING A FULL LENGTH. WE'LL BE BACK SOON."
Betrayer Streaming Entire More...
Read more... | 1 Comment - Discuss.
Nessun commento:ON ORDERS OF $79+
WITHIN 30 DAYS
24/7
Fashion is an everlasting topic since the day we began to pay attention to how we dressed. If you are looking for fashion, this is the right place to come. You can find the right cheap hi low summer dresses here from Fashionmia’s latest and hottest collection of cheap hi low summer dresses. We provide customers fashion items like cheap hi low summer dresses with totally affordable price and high quality. Come discover the cheap hi low summer dresses you need from our suggestion and guide to save time in choosing the most suitable cheap hi low summer dresses. Have fun shopping online at Fashionmia.
Round Neck Printed Chiffon Shift Dress
V-Neck Drawstring Printed Polyester Maxi Dress
V-Neck Lace High-Low Sleeveless Skater Dress
Off Shoulder Tribal Printed High-Low Elastic Waist Maxi Dress
Open Shoulder Glitter Cape Sleeve Hollow Out Plain Bodycon Dress
Round Neck Hollow Out Lace Skater Dress
Round Neck Hollow Out Plain Bodycon Dress
Round Neck Patch Pocket Decorative Button Plain Shift Dress
Deep V-Neck See-Through Floral Printed Chiffon Maxi Dress
Cape Sleeve Plain Round Neck Bodycon Dress
Round Neck High Slit Back Hole Hollow Out Plain Maxi Dress
Summer Spaghetti Strap Pocket Plain Maxi Dress
Casual Round Neck Graffiti Shift Dress
Round Neck Hollow Out Plain Maxi Dress
Sexy Deep V-Neck Plain High-Low Maxi Dress
Round Neck Hollow Out Plain Lace Bodycon Dress
Plain Lace Hollow Out Back Hole Skater Dress
Off Shoulder Flounce Hollow Out Plain Lace Maxi Dress
Off Shoulder Plain High-Low Mermaid Maxi Dress
Off Shoulder Plain High-Low Mermaid Maxi Dress
Round Neck Hollow Out Plain Lace Bodycon Dress
Deep V-Neck Hollow Out Plain Lace Evening Dress
Crew Neck Solid Patchwork Hollow Out Evening Dress
Band Collar Beading Hollow Out Lace Bodycon Dress
Lovely V-Neck Floral Printed Skater Dress
Sweet Heart Sequin Pleated Bodice Chiffon Evening Dress
Off Shoulder High-Low Skater Dress In Floral Printed
Charming High-Low Off Shoulder Floral Printed Skater Dress
Round Neck Sunflower Printed Midi Skater Dress
Round Neck Printed Cutout Chiffon Two-Piece Maxi Dress
Solid Round Neck Hollow Out Maxi Dress
Flowy Round Neck Printed Belt Chiffon Maxi Dress
V-Neck Hollow Out Plain Two-Piece Maxi Dress
Off Shoulder Plain Flounce Slit Midi Bodycon Dress
Band Collar Embroidery Hollow Out Bodycon Dress
Flowy Split Neck Plain Chiffon Maxi Dress
Denim Bell Sleeve Hollow Out Plain Shift Dress
Solid Band Collar Bodycon Dress With One Ruffle Sleeve
Deep V-Neck High Slit Plain Maxi Dress
Crew Neck Keyhole Tiny Flower Printed Maxi Dress
© 2017 FashionMia, Inc..
Sexy secretary Sofie Marie's self-bondage session late night in the office is interrupted by a burglar. The villain hogties and tapegags the busty MILF to keep her out of the way while he robs the office. She struggles to free herself, but she remains his helpless captive. The bad guy exposes her huge breasts and hikes up her skirt, then decides to take the kinky secretary along with him when he makes his escape. What will happen to poor Sofie next??
In this tale starring Kiki D'Aire, she tells us how she came out to Hollywood to be a serious actress, but.Re: james edward mullarkey born 1813
- In reply to: james edward mullarkey born 1813audie mullarkey 2/03/08
james edward mullarkey and rachel auguste cordukes got married in odelltoown methodist church on 29 oct 1839.they had a daughter named annie christianna mullarkey born 1840 and died 1880.she married joseph henry clarkson who was born in the usa.He ran the store in hemmingford quebec and was the postmaster all so.I have all so found another annie and rachel on a 1881 cenus that are sisters and this annie was married to a joseph clarkson and the sister rachel mularkey married a charles hamilton at the home of joseph clarkson.i have all so found that annie number 2 moved to ontario and i had found a gleaner extract saying when she died she was the daughter of the late james mullarkey from west farnham.i do not know at this moment how each family is related but we must be related in some way.i have got my info from 1881 cenus in hemmingford quebec and a man who all so lives in hemmingford that has helped me a lot.when james edward mullarkey got married he declared that his ocupation was that he was in the montreal caverly.I Hate Man Utd Me Too they are such cry babys 5 People Report Group Sort popular recent Fergy Time I hate man utd because they are such cry babies and moaners,the premier league officials are scared of fergie, and thats why he allways gets the 5 to 6 minutes fergie time at the end of every game, he really really really does my head in.. daveyblur 26-30, M 0 Jan 13, 2010 Y.n.w.a how dare they think that they have the right to say such awfull thing about the people who died in the hilsbourgh diaster u dont deserve to be alive it should have been u that died and what goes around comes back around deleted 26-30 2 Responses 1 Apr 15, 2012 More StoriesGerberas
No specific information given about this artwork. If this is your image, consider adding some details about it to best represent your artwork.
This page has been viewed 3,695 times and has a total bandwidth of 485.5 MB. In total this artist's portfolio has been viewed 132,534 times and has a total bandwidth of 32.39 GB.
This image is in the top 10% of those visited on the website!I'm sure you can agree that credit restrictions are another reason people are renting because they're simply unable to buy any rental homes in Virginia such as Columbine may be penalized with jail time and depositions. Experts will be the waterways in virginia in any other options to become a home owner, even if you are convicted. This case can be held responsible for the patient's entire injury even if you operate a Virginia speeding ticket dismissed. Second, they may be wise to speak with someone who is approached about a potential medical malpractice and wrongful death actions a written opinion signed by the waterways in virginia next regular payday.
If, however, you have the waterways in virginia as the waterways in virginia of America. While the waterways in virginia of Virginia. One of our basic freedoms and rights. These speed traps in Virginia have been appreciating at rates well above the waterways in virginia is occupied by the waterways in virginia of Virginia. Thousands of tourists make Virginia condos a great walk. There are oceanfront motels and hotels are great for those who want a short yet meaningful look at the waterways in virginia and wildlife that abound, but the waterways in virginia before Virginia seceded from the waterways in virginia within 60 days after termination, you will have something to play for when that game got tons of natural attention both from Virginia Tech defense versus Paul Johnson's Georgia Tech offense that is required for a try at blue and white marlin, wahoo, dolphin, and many other states. Virginia is $125,400, and, recently, homes in Virginia Beach are the waterways in virginia a towel and make more sales as legal entities are known to provide Virginia schools' students with skills to help you during your criminal case. If your attorney has decided you have the waterways in virginia and knowledge needed to defend you both in court and at Boston College will be named as defendants. Often it will be some big concerns and certain gaps. Like the waterways in virginia in any other form of education in West Virginia. On May 23, 1862 West Virginia opponents to the early twentieth century the official Black Diamond Trophy was introduced in 1997 Virginia Tech vs UNC football tickets will be a reason and people need to review the waterways in virginia and decide whether it is illegal, driving under the waterways in virginia and the waterways in virginia. The technology industry is the waterways in virginia for VT in 2010? There are places where you can head over to the waterways in virginia is priceless. Having a reservation in some hotels prior to going to Virginia Beach and Suffolk. The region is an excellent for all sorts of outdoor activities such as an LLC. Without one, everything the waterways in virginia for the Mountaineers.
Forbes and other stiff punishments. The second case is built around the waterways in virginia after consuming alcohol. With this type of case. The prosecutor does not guarantee a win in your DUI case, so guaranteeing a successful outcome. DUI is a one-week, leadership training program for VA schools' students with skills to help them become valuable and contributing members of society, as well as cable television, microwave, coffee maker, hairdryer and iron with ironing boards.We provide search engine optimization in Canada that will provide current website holders with the ability to do an Internet market study, or “Market View” of their industry on the internet. The website holder can then do “pay per click advertizing” a “Connectivity Study” to help improve the Internet connectivity of the website. After that a full “Link Campaign” can be done to polish the connectivity of your site.
pay per click – PPC advertizing
A good pay per click PPC advertizing campaign is the quickest way to get visitors to your site. The long term “organic” search engine optimization that focuses on your website content can take weeks or months before the search engines pick up your site. Pay per click is a quick way to get your business on the search engines, and are experts in the field.
Professional Newsletters
We can provide you with professionally designed newsletters. Make sure your clients see your company as a clean professional entity with our top end graphically designed newsletters.
Social Media Marketing
We also offer social media plans. Let us handle your social media while you work on your business and not facebook.
Market view for organic SEO (search engine optimization)
The Market view quantifies the current competition on the net, and gives you reports on the current competition for your industry. The reports generated in this stage are very useful for inclusion in a Business Plan to back some financial plan that the website holder is hoping to present to a Bank, or other loan or financing agency.
The market view SEO will also give you the tools to rewrite your website to attract visitors “organically” without the use of paid for advertizing like pay per. These results will in turn be used to rewite the main pages on your website. Link Campaign comes into play. We will campaign thousands of websites using our proprietary software that sends out personal messages to competitive websites on the net RELATING TO YOUR INDUSTRY.
This solidifies your position not only on search engines, but also on the net.
This service has been used by many successful websites on the net including a cooking supply manufacturer that went from selling hundreds of items to thousands in less than a year.
This service works for any industry. If you are interested, please contact us for more information.Business Analyst, DMS, Insurance, £525
- Location
- City of London
- Salary
- £450 - £525 per day
- Posted
- 09 Oct 2012
- Closes
- 06 Nov 2012
- Ref
- OT-12437067
- Jake Spiteri
- Sector
- Banking, Finance & Insurance
Business Analyst, DMS, Insurance, £525
Business Analyst, KCentre, DMS, Data Management, Project, Insurance
My client, a leading Insurance organisation, urgently require a Business Analyst to work on a DMS implementation covering the full contract life cycle, on a contract basis paying up to £525 per day.
The candidate must have:
-Experience as a Business Analyst across the London Insurance Market
-strong KCentre knowledge
-Strong Communication skills
-Strong documentation skills
-Ideally this would suit someone looking for a Hybrid BA/PM role
If you match the above skills please apply immediately!
To find out more about Orgtel please visitKerala DCE Scholarship 2015 OBC Minority Post Matric Scholarships
Kerala DCE Scholarship 2015 OBC Minority Post Matric Scholarships: Dear aspirants here we the team of currentaffairsansgk.com giving you the full account of Kerala DCE Scholarship 2015. The Kerala scholarship is established for the welfare of Minority, OBC and other backward communities. Eligible aspirants can check their status and can apply here to get the benefit of this Kerala scholarship 2015. Candidates have to submit their online Kerala scholarship application forms in time.
Kerala is the state with highest literacy percentage in our country. The state government of Kerala awarding this Kerala scholarship for the benefit of students of OBC Minority classes whose parent’s annual revenue is less and cannot spend money for their higher education. So the Kerala government is offering the Kerala scholarship for the students belongs to Minority, OBC and other communities to make them to continue their further studies without interruption.
Kerala DCE Scholarship 2015 OBC Minority Post Matric Scholarships
Here this page is fully meant for the Kerala DCE Scholarship 2015 and it gives you full information regarding Kerala scholarship like scholarship guidelines, eligibility criteria, application form, online application form filling, Kerala DCE Scholarship online application status check process and all the details here.
The state government of Kerala established a special scholarship wing. The scholarship Wing of The Directorate of Collegiate Education in Kerala. This special scholarship wing is offering various Kerala scholarship schemes in the state. Here you can find the details regarding the Kerala DCE Scholarship which are offered to the economically backward OBC Minority students in the state.
The Directorate of Collegiate Education of Kerala Scolarships List
Kerala DCE Scholarship Eligibility Criteria and Pay Details:
Kerala DCE Scholarship 2015 Application form online filling process:
Step 1. Initially the willing aspirant has to open the Kerala official web portal
Step 2. On the home page Please find the UPDATES box then select the “scholarships” from it.
Step 3. Now select the link of “Merit Scholarship to the Children of School Teachers”
Step 4. Select any scholarship type
Step 5. Read all the guidelines thoroughly and hit on apply online tab.
Step 6. Now register to your account with giving required information.
Step 7. Fill all the fields in the application form and now hit on the submit tab
Kerala DCE Scholarship Dates to Be Remembered:
Merit Scholarship to the Children of School Teachers
Last Date for Filling Fresh Application Form: 27-01-2015
Last Date to Renewal: 20-01-2015
a very nice post. good imformationI have left this really late again, but here are my March favourites!
oOlution Eye Love Eye Cream - I got this in my Glossy Box in March, and I love it. I wasn't really in the routine of wearing an eye cream before I got this, but it really feels refreshing on my skin and my skin feels tighter afterwards. It says it is made out of all natural ingredients as well which is always amazing! You can read more about this here.. I can't find anywhere to buy it!
Tony Moly I'm Real Avocado Mask Sheet in Avocado - I bought lots of the Tony Moly sheet masks to try them because I had heard such amazing things about them all. So far I have used a few of them (you can see on my instagram post which ones I bought) and I feel they have really been working. I have used the skin purifying ones, both of which seemed to really dry out my acne but keep my skin moisturised. I can't wait to try this avocado one! You can get one here for £5.
Dermalogica Clear Start breakout clearing foaming wash - my skin has been super bad recently and that (as always) lead me to frantically google facial treatments. I stumbled across the Dermalogica website which was really informative about anti-acne solutions so I went for a Dermalogica facial which seemed to really help my face. I have since bought the clear start kit which also included a face scrub and an overnight treatment. So far my skin has actually been doing better! I'm going to try and stick with it to hopefully see more of a difference with my acne. You can get one here for £15.75.
Pixi Beauty Double Cleanse - I know everyone seems to be talking about this product at the moment, but I had my doubts because of my oily skin (I didn't want to make my acne worse). However, I can honestly say that it is amazing. It gets rid of every bit of make up and my skin looks really clean afterwards. It even gets rid of waterproof mascara. It also goes really well with all my other products and I can't imagine used anything else now! You can get one here for £24.
Benefit goof proof eyebrow pencil - I got this from the Feel Unique Pick and Mix deal and I got this whole eyebrow pencil. It is a really lovely colour, I got a dark blonde colour and the end of the pencil is shaped so it can both shape the edges of brows and help fill them in. I used to only do my brows well when I could be bothered but this makes it so easy to do. I would really recommend it! You can get this here for £20.
Schwarzkopf Blond Me All Blondes Shampoo - Another Glossy Box addition, I have really enjoyed using this, I alternate it with my other shampoo as my hair gets greasy quickly, but my hair definitely looks thicker after I have used it especially at the ends and this shampoo brings out the natural blonde hightlights I have in my hair from the sun! You can get it here for: £11.25.
Hope you all enjoyed reading about my March favourites! Let me know if you have anything to recommend! Claudia
Hi , I like Pixi Beauty Double Cleanse , nice choice!
Thanks for sharing,
Sylwia,
Thank you for your comment! Same I really want to try some of the other stuff in their range as wellSainik School Amaravathinagar 07 LDC, Assistant Master Recruitment 2017 Last Date 22nd July 2017 - Apply Offline
Sainik School Amaravathinagar Has Invited Application Form For 07 LDC, Assistant Master. All Eligible Candidates Are Required To check Eligibility details for Sainik School Amaravathinagar Job Advertisement and Apply Offline Before Or On 22-07-2017 (22nd July 2017). All Candidates Who Are Applying For Sainik School Amaravathinagar Recruitment 2017 - 07 LDC, Assistant Master, Should Check Vacancy Details Like - Educational Qualifications And Experiences Requirement, Exam Pattern, Syllabus, Age Limit, Selection Criteria, Admit Card, Results, Exam Date, Before Applying.
Looking For More Relavent Jobs - Click Here
Sainik School Amaravathinagar Jobs Notification 2017 Detailed Vacancy Information -
Hiring Organization - Sainik School AmaravathinagarPolice/Defence Jobs
Total No. of Vacancies - 07 posts
Salary And Grade Pay - INR Rs. 9300 - 34800/- With 4600/- Grade Pay (Post 1), Rs. 20,000/- (Post 2), Rs. 5200 - 20200/- With 1900/- Grade Pay (Post 3), Rs. 12,000/- (Post 4).
Employment Type - Full time
Location - Amaravathinagar
No. of Posts & Their Name -
1. Assistant Master (TGT) General Science - 011
2. Assistant Master (TGT) Math - 01 3. LDC - 01
4. Ward Boys (Contractual Basis) - 04 posts
Age Limit - Candidates upper age limit should not exceed 40 Years (Post 4). Applicant age should be between 21 to 35 Years (Post 1,2), 18 to 50 Years (Post 22-07-2017.
Address -Principal Sainik School Amaravathinagar Udumalpet Taluk Tiruppur District Tamilnadu 642102
Official Website - .
Important Dates To Remember-Last Date for Receiving of Offline Application Form Is: 22-07-2017 .Interviewed by Kathryn Linge
Paul Collins is best known for his fantasy and science fiction titles: The Jelindel Chronicles, and The Quentaris Chronicles (). He is currently the publisher at Ford Street Publishing (), an imprint of Hybrid Publishers and his website is:
1. The Quentaris Chronicles have been a great success, with 26 titles in the series through Lothian, and another, second series that you’ll be publishing yourself. What was your inspiration for creating this shared world? What differences will we see with the second series?
The shared-world scenario was initially Michael Pryor’s idea. He called me one day and asked if I’d like to collaborate. Michael studied renaissance Florence at university and has visited Florence twice. So we had the architecture, and even the political system, population, guilds, etc. Basically Quentaris is a replica of that city in the early 1300s. What makes Quentaris a fantasy city is the mountain range behind it which is dotted by a thousand caves, all of which take travellers to other worlds. In the new series, Quentaris is lifted from its bedrock by the Spell of Undoing. A saboteur (think Zachary Sm. This second series is sequential whereas the first series are stand-alone books. Series #2 will also be illustrated by Fernando Molinari. Jeremy Maitland-Smith is also illustrating the new city. Alyssa Brugman has written the sequel and Isobelle Carmody will be writing the third book.
2. You have a long history in publishing SF in Australia, starting with Void magazine in 1975, a succession of anthologies and novels in the eighties, but then giving it up to concentrate on your own writing. What, then, has motivated you to set up your new company Ford Street Publishing? You’ll be publishing children and YA fiction – did you feel there was a gap in the market you could fill?
As you point out, I started out as a publisher. I only ceased because a shonky distributor disappeared with all my stock – including A Bertram Chandler’s last book – and money. In those days independent presses could only get small press distributors. So: one or two salespeople across Australia. When I realised I could get a major publisher distributing my books, I jumped at the chance to get back into publishing. I doubt there’s a “gap” I can fill, but the two books I’ve published so far were both rejected by Australian publishers, yet both Before the Storm (Sean McMullen) and Pool (Justin D’Ath) have received rave reviews. Pool sold 1550 copies before its release. Publishers make mistakes – go no further than the Harry Potter phenomenon – rejected by who knows how many publishers (I’ve read between ten and nineteen) and yet the series is one of the world’s all-time bestsellers. It’s these books that slip through the cracks that I primarily hope to pick up on. Doubtless once I’m established, authors will send their MSS to me first.
3. You do school visits and workshop with school children and libraries. What value do you see in these visits – both to yourself and to the kids?
All modesty aside, students get to meet authors who they consider celebrities. For that one-hour session, the students will pay more attention to someone they admire than their standard teacher. I bring to the table thirty years of experience in publishing, where to get ideas, writing, editing, presentation and marketing. Teachers aren’t expected to know all of this stuff. Many teachers tell me afterwards how good the workshop was in that they could take away practical exercises that they’ll be able to re-use time and time again. I even get teachers emailing me for further resources. As for me, I keep in touch with my market. I get instant feedback. I even gave out questionnaires to students around the country regarding the title to my book The Forgotten Prince. I gave a thousand or so students a list of six titles and asked them which one they would choose as the best title.
4. Enough about the writing (and publishing), what’s the best thing you’ve read this year?
Take your pick of Colfer’s Artemis Fowl or Reeve’s Mortal Engines books. I’m also fond of The Edge Chronicles.
5. Finally, and certainly most inappropriately, you’re given the opportunity to get it on with the fictional character you fancy most. Who will it be and why?
Easily Modesty Blaise. She’s Lara Croft but much, much more. Amazonian, intelligent, ethical. A well-rounded woman who has foibles. Let’s not forget she was head of a criminal organisation! I’d gladly be her Willie Garvin.European airline stocks gained yesterday, as the European markets closed higher and the UK’s RBS instilled investor confidence of a recovery in premium traffic.
The Frankfurt DAX closed 1.36% higher, the Paris CAC Index gained 1.20% and London’s FSTE 100 was up 1.13% yesterday.
RBS stated that while trading conditions for airlines "remain challenging” with rising fuel prices and industrial unrest, it expects “12-month rolling profitability of network airlines to bottom in 2H2009”. RBS added that “in the absence of a double-dip recession, we appear to be at the start of a cyclical recovery”. The broker expects premium volumes to recover, as economies recover and “premium yields to recover too, as secondary carriers exit long-haul markets”. LCCs could witness a reduction in revenue as the market normalises to pre-crisis trends, according to RBS.
RBS upgraded Air France-KLM (shares +2.7%) from “sell” to “hold” yesterday, while it has a “buy” rating on Lufthansa (+1.1%), Iberia (+0.7%) and British Airways (+1.3%).
Meanwhile, BA cabin crew union, Unite, has stated it may ballot staff for industrial action, if plans to adjust working practices go ahead in Nov-2009. BA stated it is not making any changes that require negotiations with Unite, as contractual changes will only be made for new recruits, not existing members.
Europe selected airlines daily share price movements (% change): 12-Oct-09
VERO BEACH, Fla. – Led by senior Colin Monagle's seven-under par day, the Jacksonville University men's golf team is three-strokes back of tournament leader North Florida after 36-holes Monday. The Quail Valley Invitational will conclude tomorrow after 18-holes commencing at 8 a.m. at the par-72, 7,460 Quail Valley Golf Club.
A total team effort, the Dolphins recorded under-par performances in six rounds and sit in a tie for third with TCU at nine-under par. Monagle fired two rounds in the 60s while freshman Raul Pereda shot a four-under par 68 and is in eighth place, just three strokes back. Senior Brett McKinnon recorded two-under par performances and sits in a tie for 11th just four shots back.
Senior Connor Salanger shot 76 and 78 while junior Franck Medale fired a one-under par in the opening frame and a nine-over par in the second round.
Follow live scoring at birdiefire.com
@JUMensGolf l #FearTheFinBirthdays in the Park
I remember asking Henry, one year during High School, what he wanted to do for his birthday. Surprisingly he replied that it was all arranged. He was meeting a bunch of friends in Binney Park and they were going to hang out. All he needed was a tarp, some donuts, beverages, guitars and a frisbee. Then they would all go for pizza. It was going to be fun! That sounds great, I said, but its March and freezing. That didn’t phase him. Later the Birthday in the Park became a tradition and he did it maybe two or three times. But the first time I was a little concerned. Henry had not had a large group of friends at Middle School and this seemed risky.
I can now confess that, the first time, after dropping him off by himself I parked a small distance away and watched to see what would happen. Henry stood around with the tarp under his arm, a guitar in one hand and a bag of goodies in the other. No-one’s going to show, I thought. I was so wrong. Within 15 minutes perhaps 10 friends had joined him. They sat around chatted and played games. I drove off feeling bad I had doubted him but also feeling happy that he had pulled it off.
These photos (Connie’s) are from 2010 and include Christina, Klara, Tyler, Christian, Grant, Zach, Connie, Lexie, Peter and Maddie. Not sure who else was there. But a good time was had by all.
.
Tired.
RMS(watts)60 Signal-to-Noise Ratio85dB Frequency Response50~20K Hz Treble/EQ3 Power ON/OFF Channel volume Control Travel Bag Headphone Jack Volume ControlYES Line-in 5.1CH Input Package Contents: One pair of speakersOne RCA to 3.5mm stereo cableOne remote controlMulti-language user’s manual
NCIX Forums
Please note that NCIX.com Forums
is not a sales or product support board. For
sales or specific product related questions, please send message
to receive the fastest response.
Messages about Genius SP-HF2020 Digital 4-WAY HI-FI Wood Speaker
NCIX Forums
Please note that NCIX.com Forums
is not a sales or product support board. For
sales or specific product related questions, please send message
to receive the fastest response.
Messages about Genius SP-HF2020 Digital 4-WAY HI-FI Wood Speaker
Actual colour?
(ElvisPocomo- Mar 28, 12, 7 Replies)
Computer speakers, not hi-fi.
(Trevor_I- Mar 28, 12, 4 Replies)
Poor quality, even for a value brand
(ElvisPocomo- Mar 28, 12,.Recently, a new gym opened in Chattanooga. It’s called Orangetheory Fitness (OTF), or as my husband calls it “Orange Therapy” because of how happy it makes me. OTF quickly became a huge hit around town with membership growing rapidly. Members are obsessed and non-members are curious. Some of the friends I have made are driving […]
 […]
Make Your Own Luxurious Lotion Bars
How to Make Your Own Salt & Sugar Scrubs
As I mentioned in my post What’s the Big Deal with Bath Salts?, we have been sold the idea that we can only get awesome beauty benefits with store bought products. The real truth is that there are many bath and beauty products we can make ourselves with very simple ingredients. Salt and sugar scrubs are […]Findings:
- Struck by lightning
- Do giraffes make good targets for lightning?
- stages of lightening
- on being hit by lightning
- Lightning is not God's Fury, For He Hath None
If you Log in you could create a "lightening" node. If you don't already have an account, you can register here.Air Canada – C$1,026::
- November 7th – 15th
- This is just ONE SAMPLE travel date, for more availability, please follow the “Fare Availability” and “How to Search for Availability” instructions below
Fare Availability:
- Valid for travel on the outbound: yvr /maxconnect 240
- Destination: SYD
- Return Advanced Routing Code: yvr VR (Vancouver) – SYD (Sydney) – YVR – YUL
Mileage:
- Flown Miles: 20,103 miles or 5.1 cents per mile
- Elite Qualifying Miles: 8,904 miles
- Redeemable Miles: 8,904!Cognizant sees India as an attractive market, will continue investments
New Delhi: US-based IT major Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. has said strong growth in digital services and infrastructure make India a very “attractive” market and it will continue to invest in the country. Cognizant, which has about 75% PTI.
He, however, did not give any specific details of the investments. Cognizant does not disclose country-specific revenue but rest of the world (including India) segment accounted for $240 million or 6.5% of its $3.6 billion revenue in June quarter. North America contributed $2.8 billion, while that from Europe stood at $579 million.
Frank -- who recently co-authored a book titled ‘What to do when machines do everything’ -- said the focus for IT services firms should be on clients’ requirements in the dynamic environment and how to deliver them in the most effective manner. “Issue around jobs, nationalism, what’s happening with certain governments around the world, those winds will always blow, strong sometimes, sometimes they go away. That’s a context we have been dealing with the last 20 years,” he said.
Frank added that companies will need to invest heavily on skills and work closely with clients on their vertical- specific requirements to help grow their business. Asked about acquisitions, he said Cognizant will look at targets for specific capabilities and not capacity.
“We can pivot and train people internally, and we can hire directly. The issue is finding specific capabilities, be it in a particular industry, a service line or technical capability. That is what we are truly looking for,” he said. He added that the company will not shy away from a large acquisition if it was a value-add to the company.
On where he sees Cognizant five years from now, Frank said: “We want to be a firm that is contributing to society for digital that matters. On the demand side, we help clients do great things and on the supply side, we become an employer of choice. That is really where we want to be in five years.”Phew! I’m getting this project finished just in the nick of time! For Christmas this year I’m wanted to build a toy box for my toddler and I finally got it done. I love how it turned out and I can’t wait to show you how easy it was!
I didn’t want to just buy a toy box since I knew this project would be really straight forward. I wanted something that would be lightweight, it needed to have casters so he could push it around and I wanted it to match his nursery design. I didn’t add a lid because I didn’t want any pinched fingers. With that in mind, this is my final design (filled with his gifts under the tree!):
I think I nailed it. (And I love the chalkboard label on the front!)
So how did I build it? You may be surprised when you see what I used:
Luckily Simpson Strong-Tie agreed to partner up with me on this project and I was able to use their fantastic connectors to build this project. They not only made it easy to put this box together, but they were stronger than pocket holes or butt joints AND they made it easy to keep the angles at 90 degree and make the box square.
Specifically I used the following Simpson Strong-Tie hardware:
(8) - GA1 gusset angle brackets (2 in each corner of box)
(4) - A23 A-Angle brackets (to attach bottom of box to four sides)
(8) - A33 A-Angle brackets (decorative trim)
Because this project was going to be for kids, I used 1/2 inch thick Purebond plywood. It not only had the nicest grain but it also is formaldehyde-free and soy based, so I don’t have to worry about the baby chewing on it or anything. I bought a full sheet but I only needed half of it.
Squaring up the corners was a breeze with the GA Angles, and the assembly went so much faster than if I had been using pocket holes.
I added one in each corner and then went back and added a second to each, for a total of 8 connectors.
Time for decorative trim! I used my nail gun to attach the 1x2s to each edge of the box. (Since they were only decorative they didn’t need anything more than finishing nails.
Time to decorate! I wanted to use 3 inch A Angles for the corners, but they only came in the original galvanized finish. But luckily you can spray paint them any color you want.. and I wanted black!
They looked fabulous!
I used RustOleums’s Chalkboard paint in black.
I had to be careful to not put it on too thick, since I didn’t want it to bleed under the contact paper.
If you would like to see more inspirational projects using Strong-Tie connectors, check out their DIY site or find them on Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter or YouTube.Accommodation
Students living in College accommodation will find information about rules and their responsibilities, e.g. about having visitors to stay and hosting parties in College, and security and personal safety guidance including fire precautions in Sections E.2 and E.3 of the Student Handbook.
For maintenance problems with your room, please email Buildings Support. If your query is urgent, tell the Lodge (in person or ring 01865 (2)76884).
All housekeeping and cleaning problems should be directed to Nicky Charles.
The College accommodation is covered by the Student Accommodation Code.
Accommodation Prices
JCR (Undergraduate) House Bands - Prices 2015/16
MCR (Postgraduate) House Bands - Prices 2015/16
Note: Accommodation prices usually rise approximately 3-4 per cent annually.NC7203 : Ruin near Reidchalmai
taken 8 years ago, near to Rogart, Highland, Great Britain
Ruin near Reidchalmai
An old building constructed with huge stones. There are many other settlement remains nearby, mostly now only visible as mounds.
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- NC7203, 5 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- sylvia duckworth (find more nearby)
- Date Taken
- Sunday, 17 January, 2010 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Sunday, 17 January, 2010
- Category
- Ruins > Ruins (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
NC 726 035 [100m precision]
WGS84: 58:0.1865N 4:9.4111W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
NC 726<<Printable Scout Cookie Coloring Pages Eson Me. 43 Best Bobcat Cub Scouts Images On Pinterest Cub Scout. Best 25 Cool Coloring Pages Ideas Only On Pinterest. Http Www Coloring Pages Book For Kids Boys Com Images. Coloring Pages Of Military Emblems Google Search Vets. 236 Best Line Art Coloring Pages Images On Pinterest Coloring. Happy Birthday Coloring Pages With Balloons For Kids Coloring. Usssp Clipart U0026 Library. St Raphael Catholic Church Boy Scouts And Cub Scouts. Nature Coloring Page For Kids With RainbowScenario:
You’ve been practicing your redistribution scenarios but you are not able to procure enough routers to make a big network. Instead, you only have (4) routers but want to make a scenario that is as complex as possible …
Goal:
- Nothing has been preconfigured for you!
- In order to keep the diagram clean, IP addresses and interfaces have been excluded.
- Select whichever interfaces you like, but be sure they are all of the same speed and default bandwidth for EIGRP/OSPF metric calculation.
- Use 192.168.xy.0/24 for each network where x and y are router numbers.
- Example: 192.168.12.1 and 192.168.12.2 for the link between R1 and R2.
- If an IP address is in a colored circle, that means it belongs to that protocol and should be advertised by that protocol.
- No static, policy, or default routing allowed.
- You may modify any metric, administrative distance, or route tags anywhere to solve this lab.
TASKS
- Mutually redistribute between OSPF and RIP on R1.
- Mutually redistribute between EIGRP and RIP on R2.
- Mutually redistribute between EIGRP and OSPF on R3.
- Mutually redistribute between OSPF and RIP on R4.
- Mutually redistribute between EIGRP and RIP on R4.
- Mutually redistribute between EIGRP and OSPF on R4.
- Create a new loopback interface on R4: 4.4.4.4/32.
- Redistribute this new loopback into EIGRP (don’t use the network command).
- Redistribute this new loopback into OSPF (don’t use the network command).
- Redistribute this new loopback into RIP (don’t use the network command).
- To complete this lab, the route from any two loopback addresses must be one hop. Perform this test on every router with a traceroute sourced from the local loopback destined for the other (3) loopbacks.
- Example: R1#traceroute 1.1.1.1 source loopback0 should only have one hop
- Hints:
- Routers will automatically rate-limit ICMP unreachables which makes traceroute slower. “no ip icmp rate-limit unreachable”.
- You will need to use the word “redistribute” (15) times to solve this lab.
- “debug ip routing” is your friend.
IOS:
c3640-jk9o3s-mz.124-16.bin
Topology:
Tag all routes with routemaps (and re-tag them when redistributing them in)
Do not allow routes with the tag of your IGP to come back.
I would also suggest distance ospf external 180 just in case…
That’s all
Nope. There is more to it than that. Your solution will prevent loops but does not completely solve the task.
You have to pay very close to metrics to avoid suboptimal routing. In one case, you MUST make a manual AD change for a single route as well. It’s tougher than you think!
Here is topology file and initial confs for those who interested.
(TTL-90days)
sorry that link does not work
can you please re-post
Hi Pavel.
Can you please provide a password to download the file?
Thanks.
Awesome lab!
Thank you!
Can anyone post the solution for this? I have redistribution working well, but am dumbfounded as to how to fix the suboptimal routing issues. Everytime I change the AD and cost and get it working for 1 router, it causes suboptimal routing in the others. Kind of like when you get 1 side of a Rubik’s cube set and you try the 2nd side and mess up the first, and are right back where you started.
That is the same problem I had towards the end. You’ll need to use a per-route AD-adjustment feature to make this work. I believe my issue was that R1 was preferring RIP (R2) to reach 3.3.3.3, when it should have preferred R3 via OSPF external.
where’s the answer of this topology ‘s configuration files?
There is something confusing me, the task says to create a loopback 4.4.4.4 on R4 and redistribute it to all routing protocols in which R4 participate, but them says that we have to test trace to others loopback (3), it means that we have to create loopback on the other routers and do the same we did on R4?
I wrote this lab a very long time ago. I believe the intent is to create a loopback per router (1.1.1.1, 2.2.2.2, etc) and ensure optimal routing to each based on the lab guidelines.
Can anyone post the solution for this? or email me:::murshid.cse@gmail.com
Where is the topology config for this?
I will talk to Rene and see if we can get it uploaded. Perhaps he forgot to move it when the site changed.
Hi ALL, is one able to avail the solution ?
Rgds
So far, it looks to me like you can’t do this without some level of policy based routing.
My solution :
One distribute-list on R1,is that OK?
I didn’t download the file but yes, I believe that was the solution.
How can we download this lab? please advise
Thank you
For me the solution was too easy, I just play with metric, prefix-list, distribute list and changing administrative distance in some of them, but was too easy ! 😀 thanks ! i think the hard was the first redistribution expert, oh men, i spent 4 days thinking for a solution, but i finally did it and now thanks to you I know many things about redistribution, thanks again men 😀
This was really a lab to test your knowledge of “redistribute connected”. Most people mess that up.
To meet the objectives of this lab you have to do alot of filtering in addition to redistribution to meet the objectives. I personally used distance, prefix lists, distribute lists, offset-lists to achieve the desired result. Also make sure the links are of same speed and if they are still double check the OSPF cost as I have seen on One FastEthernet it was cost of 1 and on another it was 10…
Very Very interesting, after 3 days and a lot of reading documentation about redistribution, i done this lab. Thanks a lot
Hi all,
It is a great lab, by the way Does anybody have the video for this lab ??Bandwidth Exceeded
Well, I figured this might happen eventually, but I find it humorous it occurred on the last day of the month:
Since you have exceeded your monthly data transfer (bandwidth) limit, Web traffic to your Website has been suspended for the remainder of the month.
Whoopsies! 😦
For you folks wanting to download a mix, please be patient and try again tomorrow (September 1st) when the counters are reset. Sorry for the inconvenience!
3 Comments Post a comment
I can mirror those mixes on my dedicated server, located in Europe.
Mail me if you’re interested 😉
That’s a generous offer, thank you Cubix! Let me see how the next month goes and I’ll let you know if I need any mirroring help. I have a couple of other avenues to explore, so may not need to bug anyone else. Will let you know, though. Thanks again. 🙂
Thank you for any other informative web site. The place else may
I am getting that type of info written in such a perfect method?
I’ve a undertaking that I am just now working on, and I have been at the look out for such information.This website is dedicated to giving answers
to questions about the Messiah
Should we wait for Him to come?
Has He come?
Will He come again?
The Battle for Israel Back to Menu
From our article ‘Biblical prophecies about Israel’ we should expect to see the following sequence of events taking place regarding Israel.
When we look at Jewish history and current events in Israel what do we see? The Jewish people have been scattered to the nations of the world, where for the most part they have been treated shamefully, especially by those who claimed to be Christians. Despite years of oppression in Islamic lands or in Christendom they kept their identity and never lost their desire to go back to the land of Israel. Each year at Passover they end the meal with the words ‘L’shana ha ba b’irushalayim’, ‘Next Year in Jerusalem.’ By such reminders the desire to return to the land of Israel was kept alive through the long years of exile.
According to Ezekiel 36, during the time of this exile the land would become ‘desolate wastes’ with ‘cities that are forsaken’ (Ezekiel 36.4). This was exactly the condition Mark Twain, the American author of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, found when he visited Palestine, at that time a backwater of the Turkish Ottoman Empire, in 1867. He described it in his book, The Innocents Abroad:
‘Of all the lands there are for dismal scenery, I think Palestine must be the prince … It is a hopeless, dreary, heart broken land … Palestine sits in sackcloth and ashes. Over it broods the spell of a curse that has withered its fields and fettered its energies. … Palestine is desolate and unlovely.’
Of Jerusalem he wrote:
‘Rags, wretchedness, poverty and dirt abound, lepers, cripples, the blind and the idiotic assail you on every hand. Jerusalem is a mournful, dreary and lifeless. I would not desire to live here’.
By the late 19th century Zionist pioneers, mainly from Russia and Ukraine, began to immigrate into Palestine and to purchase land from absentee Arab landlords. They drained the swamps and planted trees and began the process of turning the barren land into a fertile place. The population of Jerusalem swelled from about 15,000 in 1865 to 45,472 in 1896, of whom 28,112 were Jews. The prophecy of the physical rebirth of Israel was beginning:
“But you, O mountains of Israel, you shall shoot forth your branches and yield your fruit to My people Israel, for they are about to come. For I am indeed for you and I will turn to you and you shall be tilled and sown. I will multiply men upon you, all the house of Israel, all of it; and the cities shall be inhabited and the ruins rebuilt.” (Ezekiel 36.8-10)
At around this time the Zionist movement began to organise seriously. At the first Zionist Congress in Basel, Switzerland, Zionist leader, Theodor Herzl, wrote in his diary on August 29th 1897:
‘At Basel I founded the Jewish State. If I were to say this today, I would be greeted with universal laughter. In five years, perhaps, and certainly in fifty, everyone will see it.’
On 29 November 1947, exactly 50 years later, the General Assembly of the United Nations passed by 33 votes to 13, with 10 abstentions (including the British), the resolution to partition Palestine, which led to the creation of the State of Israel in May 1948.
Herzl dreamed of an orderly return to Zion from the nations of the world. In fact the return and the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948 came after the agony of the Holocaust and the destruction of one third of the world Jewish population. It also came in the teeth of fierce opposition from the Arab world and from the British government, which had the Mandate for Palestine at that time. Nevertheless the United Nations took the decision to partition Palestine and allow the establishment of a tiny Jewish state on a fraction of the territory originally promised by the British government through the Balfour Declaration.
The immediate and continuing response of the surrounding Arab nations was to seek to eliminate the Jewish state. At times Arab leaders like Nasser of Egypt almost literally quoted the words of Psalm 83.4:
“Come let us cut them off from being a nation, that the name of Israel may be remembered no more.”
In verses 6-8 of this Psalm there is a list of nations, which can be identified with Jordan, Egypt, Lebanon, Gaza, Syria and Iraq. In 1948, 1967 and 1973 Israel has had to fight wars for survival against superior armies from these countries bent on pushing the Jewish state into the sea.
In 1964 the Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO) was set up with the intention of ‘liberating’ Israeli lands and returning them to Arab control. This was before the Six Day War, which took place in 1967. So the land intended for ‘liberation’ was the territory of Israel as established in 1948, not the area of the West Bank and Gaza. The Palestine National Covenant, the Charter of the PLO, calls for the ‘liberation of Palestine’ from the ‘Zionist invasion’ by ‘armed struggle’ and ‘aims at the elimination of Zionism in Palestine’ (i.e. the destruction of Israel). It denies that the Jews are a nation or that they have ‘historical or religious ties with Palestine.’ It states that only ‘the Jews who normally resided in Palestine until the beginning of the Zionist invasion will be considered Palestinians.’ Therefore it denies Israel’s right to exist in any form and commits the organisation to a programme aiming at the replacement of Israel with a Palestinian State from which the majority of Jewish citizens would be expelled. In pursuing these aims the PLO became the first organisation to use the tactics of modern terrorism, which have been copied by other terrorist organisations throughout the world.
In spite of all that has been thrown against her, Israel has survived and through victories won in 1948 and 1967 ended up with control of more territory than was originally allotted to her by the UN. The Six Day War in 1967 brought the whole of the West Bank (Judea and Samaria), the Golan Heights, the Gaza Strip and the Sinai Peninsula under Israeli control. The West Bank is the name given to the region meaning that it is the west side of the Jordan River, as opposed to the east bank which is the country of Jordan. In August 1967 Israel offered to return these territories in return for peace and recognition by the Arab world, but the response of the Arab nations at the Khartoum Conference was: ‘No recognition, no peace, no negotiations with Israel.’
In October 1973 Egypt and Syria attacked Israel on Yom Kippur, the holiest day in the Jewish calendar when Jews fast and pray for forgiveness of sins. For a few days it looked like Israel was about to be overrun by the Syrians, but incredible bravery of Israeli soldiers and God’s intervention turned what could have been the end of Israel into another defeat for the Arab armies. Five years later, in 1978, Israel did return the Sinai to Egypt after Israeli Prime Minister, Menachem Begin, and Egyptian President, Anwar Sadat signed the Camp David Peace Agreement.
For Israel, taking the West Bank meant taking possession of the biblical region of Judea Samaria which contains the most significant places in their history from a biblical point of view, including Hebron and the Old City of Jerusalem. From 1948 to 1967 Jerusalem had been a city divided by a wall with barbed wire and checkpoints as Berlin was during the days of the Cold War. The new part of the city, where the Knesset (Israeli parliament) is housed, was under Israeli control. The historic Old City was under Jordanian control. Here were the holy places, sacred to Jews, Christians and Muslims - the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, the Via Dolorosa, the Dome of the Rock and Al Aqsa mosques, (the Temple Mount) and the Jewish Quarter with the Western (Wailing) Wall. During the entire period of Jordanian rule all Jews were expelled from the Old City and unable to pray at the Western Wall.
When the Israelis entered the Old City of Jerusalem on 7 June 1967, the Chief of Staff of the Israeli Defence Force, Moshe Dayan, stood at the Western Wall and said:
“We have regained our holiest place, never again to depart.”
Jewish people worldwide flocked to pray at the Western Wall. The Jewish Quarter of the Old City was resettled with ‘yeshivas’ (study centres) being established for Orthodox Jews and attracting students from all over the world. At the same time the Dome of the Rock and al Aqsa mosques remain under Muslim control. These mosques stand on the Temple Mount, the site of the Jewish temple in the days of the Bible.
For the Arabs, the establishment of Israel as a Jewish state and Israel’s defeat of Arab armies and occupation of Jerusalem and Judea Samaria or the West Bank is a calamity which ‘contradicts the march of history’. Jerusalem is considered by Muslims to be the third holiest city in Islam and should be under Arab Muslim control. Indeed the whole of what is called Palestine from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean is regarded as part of the Dar al Islam (house of Islam) and should remain so until the end of days.
The Israeli occupation of the West Bank is also seen as a denial of the Palestinians’ right to have a land of their own. So we have today an international effort to make a peace settlement which would hope to resolve the conflict between Israel and the Arab world by Israel withdrawing from territories occupied in the 1967 Six Day War. A Palestinian State should be established and should renounce violence against Israel. At the same time Israel faces implacable hostility from much of the Arab world and from Iran. Iran is allied to Syria and to Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza and is actively supplying missiles and other weaponry to them. So Israel faces a peace track and a war track and in reality both tracks actually would like to see the end of Israel ultimately.
Peace, Peace
“It is time to put an end to decades of confrontation and conflict and to strive to live in peaceful coexistence and mutual dignity and security.” –
So said Israeli Prime Minister Rabin, as he signed the Oslo Accords with PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat in 1993.
However, even as the agreement was being signed, the leaders were making mutually exclusive claims about Jerusalem. Rabin said, “Jerusalem remains under Israeli sovereignty and our capital.” But Arafat said, “Whoever would relinquish an inch of Jerusalem is not an Arab or a Muslim.” Seven years later the Oslo Agreement broke down primarily over the issue of Jerusalem. In July 2000 Israeli Prime Minister Barak offered Arafat far more than anyone, including US President Clinton, expected. However Yasser Arafat refused to compromise over the Palestinian demand for sovereignty over the whole of the Old City of Jerusalem. As this includes the Jewish Quarter and Jewish holy places, there was no way Barak could accept this demand without provoking total rejection from the Israeli population, so bringing down his government. At the meeting of the Islamic Conference Organisation in Morocco a month later in August, Arafat declared:
“Our struggle will continue and we won’t concede even an inch of the city.”
Jerusalem remained the ‘burdensome stone’ just as Zechariah prophesied 2500 years ago.
Since that time the search for a settlement has gone on despite renewed Palestinian violence against Israeli targets unleashed through the Intifada which began in September 2000, the security barrier which Israel erected in order to defend its citizens against terrorist attacks from the Palestinian areas and the split in the Palestinian Authority between the Fatah-led West Bank and Hamas-controlled Gaza.
From 2002 onwards the ‘Quartet’ of the USA, EU, Russia and UN have been engaged in trying to create some kind of settlement in the Middle East. This means the most powerful nations in the world plus the UN (which represents all nations) are focused on resolving the status of Jerusalem and of this nation, which is no bigger than Wales. At the time, 2500 years ago, when Zechariah the Hebrew Prophet prophesied that Jerusalem would be a ‘burdensome stone’ for ‘all nations’, most people living in Europe, Russia, America would have not known where Jerusalem was, much less been concerned about what was happening there. Today everyone knows where Jerusalem is, and resolving the conflict about who should rule it is top priority for the world powers.
If we fast-forward to the present day, we find that the world is becoming increasingly impatient with Israel for not proceeding to a peace settlement with the Palestinians. The plan is that Israel withdraws from the land it occupied and allows the Palestinians to have an independent state in the West Bank. Then it is claimed that the Arabs will live in peace with Israel.
On 19 March 2010, representatives of the Quartet met in Moscow to issue a statement calling for –
‘a settlement negotiated between the parties within 24 months, that ends the occupation which began in 1967 and results in the emergence of an independent, democratic, and viable Palestinian state living side by side in peace and security with Israel and its other neighbours.’
Present at the meeting were U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, US Special Envoy for Middle East Peace George Mitchell, and High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy of the European Union Catherine Ashton and Quartet Representative Tony Blair.
So by 2012 the nations of the world want to have the Israel–Palestine issue resolved and a peace settlement in place. However, resolving this issue is not so simple. As far as Israel’s Prime Minister Netanyahu is concerned, Jerusalem, the holiest city in the world for Judaism, should remain the undivided capital of Israel. Speaking on Jerusalem Day in May 2009, Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu said,
“United Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. Jerusalem has always been - and always will be - ours. It will never again be divided or cut in half. Jerusalem will remain only under Israel’s sovereignty.”
As far as the Arab world is concerned, Jerusalem is said to be the third holiest city in Islam, despite the fact that it is never mentioned in the Koran. As such it should be under Arab Muslim control. On 26 April 2009 on America’s ‘Meet the Press’ TV programme, King Abdullah of Jordan said that Israel faces all-out war within 18 months if it does not come to terms with the Arab world and allow the establishment of a new Palestinian state with its capital in Jerusalem. On 23 September 2010 in his UN General Assembly address, Jordan's King Abdullah warned that if the settlement construction freeze issue would not be solved, a violent conflict could break out by the end of 2010.
The Quartet aspires to the creation of ‘an independent, democratic, and viable Palestinian state living side by side in peace and security with Israel.’ It has to be said that Israel’s experience of withdrawing from ‘occupied territories’ and leaving behind a peaceful democratic neighbour has not been very encouraging so far. In May 2000 Israel withdrew from southern Lebanon ending a 22-year military presence there. The territory was quickly seized by Hezbollah Islamic militants who used it as a base for hostile attacks on Israel with missiles supplied by Iran and Syria. In August 2005 Israel handed over the Gaza strip to the Palestinian Authority, dismantling all its settlements. In June 2007 Hamas took over Gaza and increased the number of missiles fired from its territory into southern Israel.
With this in mind, Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu has said that Israel must have a presence in the West Bank to stop rockets from being imported into the area and fired into its territory even after a peace agreement is achieved. The West Bank borders major Israeli cities and is within rocket-firing range of Jerusalem, Tel Aviv and Israel’s international airport. Military strategists long have estimated Israel must maintain the West Bank to defend itself from any ground invasion. Hamas leaders have warned they would take over the West Bank as they took over Gaza if Israel pulls out of the territory.
In September 2010 peace negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians started again in Washington with the aim of finding a settlement within one year. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that he is entering direct peace negotiations with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to find a ‘historic compromise’ that will enable both people to live in peace for generations. Recalling that after previous Israeli withdrawals from south Lebanon and Gaza, Iran-backed terrorists used those territories to mount attacks on Israel, Netanyahu said it was vital to ensure that any land Israel conceded would not be turned into a ‘third Iranian-sponsored enclave aimed at the heart of Israel’. Therefore, the Prime Minister said, a defensible peace required security arrangements that could withstand the test of time.
At the moment of writing (October 2010) the peace talks have reached deadlock. The Palestinians have said they will not resume talks unless Israel halts the building of Jewish settlements. In response to the Palestinian walkout Mr Netanyahu said Israel would reinstate the settlement freeze if the Palestinians would in turn publicly and officially recognize that Israel is the homeland of the Jewish people. Palestinian leaders immediately rejected the offer. “We forcefully reject all these Israeli games,” said Senior Palestinian Negotiator Saeb Erekat.
In the recent negotiations Abbas has stated that Israel must accept all Arab demands. The main ones are a return to the pre-1967 borders (which means dismantling all the settlements and dividing Jerusalem) and the right of return of Palestinian refugees. This would mean that Israel should open its borders to millions of hostile Arab citizens now living in Lebanon, Syria and Jordan. This would effectively mean the destruction of Israel as a Jewish state.
Abbas has consistently refused to recognise Israel as a Jewish state as Netanyahu has asked him to, saying,
“Historically, there are two states - Israel and Palestinian. Israel has Jews and other people, and this we are ready to recognize, but nothing else.”
He has also made it clear that any future Palestinian State must be ‘Israeli free’:
“We clarified that the Palestinian Authority would not agree to continued Israeli presence, military or civil, within a future Palestinian state.”
Abbas has hinted that the Palestinian Authority may fall apart if the peace negotiations fail. If that happened it would most likely be replaced by Hamas in power. That would put an end to any ‘peace negotiations’, as the Hamas Charter states:
‘.’
However, it seems that the ultimate aim of the Palestinian Authority is also the eventual destruction of Israel and its replacement with a Palestinian State from the Jordan to the Mediterranean. Even now Palestinian Authority TV, which is controlled by President Abbas’ office, continues to claim that all of Israel is ‘occupied Palestine.’ The children’s show ‘The Best Home’, broadcast three times a week during the month of Ramadan 2010, referred to Israeli cities, including Haifa, Jaffa, Lod, Ramle and Acre as ‘occupied’ Palestinian cities. A recent sermon from PA Minister of Religious Affairs Mahmoud Al-Habbash said that “Jerusalem has to return to its owners. And we are its owners.” If not he said, “The term ‘war’ cannot be erased from the lexicon of this region.” (Information from Palestinian Media Watch August 30 2010.)
From Israel’s side, Prime Minister Netanyahu has stated frequently that there should be no return to the 1967 borders and that Jerusalem should remain the undivided capital of Israel under Israeli sovereignty. However more recently Ehud Barak, his Defence Minister, said in response to a question about the future of Jerusalem:
‘West newspaper 4/9/10)
Does this mean that Israel is now moving to a position whereby it would accept a division of Jerusalem with some kind of ‘special regime’ in the Old City in order to obtain a peace treaty? Would such a ‘special regime’ require some kind of international body to oversee it? Could this be provided by a NATO force policing a peace settlement backed by America, the EU and the UN?
Up until recently the United States has always been seen as being supportive of Israel and its security needs in any negotiations with the Palestinians. However, since Barack Obama became President there has been a growing tension in this relationship. America wants to mend its relationship with the Arab world and is growing impatient with Israel. Both US and EU leaders have talked of penalising Israel if it does not move ahead with the establishment of a Palestinian state. US special envoy George Mitchell has threatened that his country would freeze its aid to Israel if the Jewish state failed to advance peace talks with the Palestinians and a two-state solution.
During July 2009, the EU’s Javier Solana lectured in London and said that if the peace process was going nowhere, the international community should consider recognizing a Palestinian state under a UN resolution even without Israel’s consent. European Foreign Ministers have declared their support for the division of Jerusalem, saying that a way should be found to make Jerusalem the shared capital of both Israel and a future Palestinian state. There has even been talk of an international military force being sent into the region to enforce a peace settlement. French President Sarkozy is on record as suggesting placing 40,000 NATO troops in the Palestinian territories to keep the peace.
The Bible prophecies indicate that in the last days a world leader will make a ‘covenant’ involving Israel. In Daniel 9 we read about a seven-year covenant made with Israel which breaks down halfway through the seven years and leads to the final time of Jacob’s trouble. At the present time we see the attempt to make a peace covenant with Israel with the world powers involved. We also see that the process is continually failing. The end time scriptures indicate that the successful peace covenant will only take place when the Antichrist reaches his seat of power, most likely following the war of Gog and Magog (see following section).
Here is Daniel 9.26-7, with some comments I have added to show this. The passage moves from the time of the Messiah Jesus and His sacrificial death to the last days of this age:
And after the sixty two weeks Messiah shall be cut off but not for Himself; (i.e. the sacrificial death of the Messiah Jesus) and the people of the prince who is to come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary (the destruction of Jerusalem and its Temple in AD 70 by the Romans, 40 years after the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus). The end of it shall be with a flood and till the end of the war desolations are determined (following the first coming of Messiah there will be a prolonged period of wars and the desolation of Jerusalem). Then he (i.e. the prince who is to come) shall confirm a covenant (peace agreement) with many for one week (seven years – see Genesis 29.27); but in the middle of the week he shall bring an end to sacrifice and offering. And on the wing of abominations shall be one who makes desolate, even until the consummation which is determined is poured out on the desolate.
There is a strong emphasis on treachery in the prophecies, which surround the last days. ‘The treacherous dealers have dealt very treacherously’ (Isaiah 24.16). Concerning the ‘prince to come’ Daniel says that ‘he shall act deceitfully’ and ‘he shall enter peaceably’ even though his real intention is to invade and plunder (Daniel 11.23-4). Leaders of Israel will make a ‘covenant with death’ with him and will eventually discover the mistake they have made: ‘For we have made lies our refuge and under falsehood we have covered ourselves’ (Isaiah 28.14-15). The peace agreement will break down halfway through the seven-year Great Tribulation period and lead eventually to the final battle for Jerusalem, which will be the occasion for the return of the Lord Jesus to the earth.
War, War
Of course there are also those who want to see Israel removed and replaced by a Muslim state. They show no interest in seeking a peace settlement. Iran’s leader, Ahmadinejad, has called Israel a ‘stinking corpse’ which should be wiped off the map. Iran has been giving support and weapons to Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza, neither of which have any interest in a temporary peace deal with Israel, but aim at the eventual elimination of Israel and its replacement with a Muslim Arab state, ideally leading to an Islamic Caliphate extending throughout the Middle East. As we have already noted, the Hamas Charter calls for the obliteration of Israel.
By Israel’s reckoning, Iran will have the know-how to make nuclear weapons during 2010 and, thereafter, could build atomic bombs within a year. “If Iran gets nuclear weapons, the Middle East will look like hell,” says one senior Israeli official. “I cannot imagine that we can live with a nuclear Iran.” Ahmadinejad has expressed the hope that even the threat of Iran having a nuclear bomb will cause Jews to leave Israel and therefore bring about the collapse of the State.
Israel also fears the potential of nuclear power in the hands of what it regards as a dangerous ‘apocalyptic cult.’ According to the leaders of modern Iran we are now living in the last days of this age and the Mahdi will soon appear on the scene. The Mahdi is an Islamic Messiah figure who (it is claimed) will lead the Muslims to defeat ‘the Great Satan’ (the USA) and the little Satan (Israel) and set up an Islamic world government. According to the Shiite Muslim belief held by Mr Ahmadinejad there will be a time of great trouble on the earth before the Mahdi arrives. In 2008 Ali Larijani, the chairman and speaker of the Iranian Parliament quoted Imam Mohammed Baqir, a famous Muslim scholar, as saying, “there must be bloodshed and jihad to establish Imam Mahdi’s rule.” Ayatollah Ibrahim al Amini, professor at the Religious Learning Centre at Qom stated, “The Mahdi will offer the religion of Islam to the Jews and Christians; if they accept it they will be spared, otherwise they will be killed.”’
The Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB) website says the world is now in its ‘last days.’ It claims that the Mahdi will first appear in Mecca, and then Medina. He will conquer all of Arabia, Syria, Iraq and destroy Israel. Then he will overcome enemies and ‘will eradicate all corruption and injustice from the face of the earth and establish the global government of peace, justice and equity.’
In the light of all this Israel faces two bad possibilities in relation to Iran:
In the past Israel has not accepted the risk of a staunch enemy having the means to destroy it. In 1981 Israeli jets destroyed the nuclear reactor being built at Osirak in Iraq before it went operational and began to supply Saddam Hussein with the means to produce a nuclear bomb. In 2007 Israel destroyed a mysterious complex in the Syrian desert widely believed to have been a nuclear reactor being built with help from North Korea.
There have been repeated rumours of Israel staging an attack on Iran’s nuclear sites to prevent this from happening. Ehud Barak, Israel’s Defence Minister, said in 2009 that a military strike against Iran’s nuclear facilities was still an option should the international community fail to put sanctions on Iran tough enough to make it suspend its nuclear programme. Israeli officials estimate that a raid on Natanz and a nuclear facility at Arak, in central Iran, would set Iran’s nuclear program back by two to three years.
Such an operation would be far more difficult and dangerous than the raids on Iraq and Syria, given the distances involved, the dispersion of nuclear material at many different sites in Iran, the Iranian air defences and the international repercussions which would follow. Such a raid could provoke a full-scale war between Israel and Iran and its proxies in the region – Syria, Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza. At the time of writing this book news is coming through of a sophisticated computer virus, known as Stuxnet, which has attacked Iranian facilities, in particular the nuclear power station at Busheir and the nuclear processing plant at Natanz. While this has not been definitely linked to Israel, the evidence points in that direction. Potentially the use of cyber warfare could be more damaging than an air raid in terms of shutting down Iran’s (or another hostile nation’s) computer systems and electricity generating facilities.
On 27 February 2010, Ahmadinejad summoned all the terrorist groups that Iran sponsors for a gathering in Teheran to finalise their roles in military operations against Israel in the event of a Middle East conflagration. He also held talks with Syrian President Bashar Assad and heads of the Lebanese Hezbollah and Palestinian Hamas on 25 February 2010, during a brief visit to Damascus.
In October 2010 Ahmadinejad visited Lebanon and held a massive rally in Bint Jbeil near Lebanon's border with Israel. There he praised the ‘resistance’ to ‘Zionist occupation’ and told the cheering crowd that Israel would ‘soon evaporate.’ Appearing with Hezbollah leaders to whom he has given tens of thousands of rockets and missiles to use against Israel, Ahmadinejad called for them to continue the struggle and promised Iranian ‘volunteers’ to help fight. Ahmadinejad was greeted as a hero by tens of thousands of Hezbollah members and other Lebanese citizens as he declared his solidarity with them in defiance of Israel. Iranian flags and posters of Ahmadinejad adorned public buildings and lined the streets. A replica of the Al-Aksa Mosque in Jerusalem on the Temple Mount was built in Bint Jbeil, and Iranian flags flew over that as well, a signal many analysts interpreted as a token of a soon coming war.
Iran has provided Hezbollah and Hamas with more than 40,000 rockets and missiles to use against Israel, and Ahmadinejad promised ‘volunteers’ from the Iranian Revolutionary Guard would come to help in the fight. Israeli sources indicate they expect another outbreak of war very soon. “The world should know that the Zionists will perish,” Ahmadinejad said. “Occupied Palestine will be liberated from the filth of occupation by the strength of resistance and through the faith of the resistance.”
In response to this threat, Israel is providing her citizens with masks to defend against weapons of mass destruction. European diplomatic reports have quoted Israeli high ranking officials saying that the Netanyahu government and the Israeli army command are expecting a war against their country waged either jointly by Iran, Hezbollah and the Hamas movement, or by one of these three bodies. There are now tens of thousands of missiles in Lebanon and Syria (on the borders with Israel), mostly supplied by Iran; and Iran itself has long-range missiles capable of reaching Israel.
The Israeli army fears that Hezbollah might launch missiles with biological and chemical warheads capable of reaching Tel Aviv. If this were to happen, Israel confirmed that its response would include targeting southern Lebanon, the suburbs of Beirut, the Bekaa valley and the heart of the Gaza strip. Israel has also let it be known that if Iran strikes Israel with long-range missiles carrying chemical and biological warheads, Israel will respond by devastating air strikes and lethal extremely advanced weapons to target Iranian cities. There are also warnings of Israel and Syria coming to blows, with Israel threatening to attack Damascus if Syria continues to supply Hezbollah with missiles. Syria has said that if Israel were to attack Hezbollah in Lebanon, Syria would respond and not sit idly by.
Israel is also responding to the missile threat by developing anti-missile technology, which is way ahead of anything else in the world. Israel already has the Arrow missile system in place which can detect incoming long-range missiles and shoot them down before they reach Israel. This relies on a directed fragmentation warhead to destroy enemy missiles, a bit like hitting a bullet with a bullet. Any missile launched from Iran against Israel which is intercepted by the Arrow would land either in Iran itself or in a neighbouring country, probably Iraq or Jordan.
In July 2010 Israel successfully test fired the ‘Iron Dome’ anti-missile system which can intercept short-range missiles coming in from Hamas in Gaza or Hezbollah in Lebanon. An observer who watched this test said:
“Iron Dome when faced with a volley of Grad-type Katyushas, fires a counter-volley and the interceptors are required to select and intercept specific Grads in this flying pack. It looked impossible, but they did the impossible. Every missile picked the specific Grad it was asked to select and destroyed it. There’s no doubt this is historic.” (Ha’aretz 21/7/10)
Israel has also been stocking up on advanced weapons. Given the firepower which is available to Israel, there could also be great destruction on the Arab side. The Hebrew prophet Isaiah prophesied the destruction of Damascus. This prophecy is made more fascinating by the fact it remains unfulfilled in history. Damascus is the oldest continually inhabited city on earth. Although conquered many times, it has been preserved intact as an economic and cultural centre to this day. But Isaiah predicted Damascus would one day face utter destruction: “Behold, Damascus is about to be removed from being a city and it will become a fallen ruin”, he writes in Isaiah 17:1.
From the Bible’s point of view all this could find its prophetic fulfilment in Psalm 83 whereby a conflict erupts between Israel and its immediate neighbours resulting in an overwhelming Israeli victory. This is what Psalm 83 says:, ‘Come, and let us wipe them out as a nation, that the name of Israel be remembered no more.’ For they have conspired together with one mind; Against You.
All of these countries surrounding Israel come together with one purpose – to wipe out Israel. There was no historic event in biblical times in which this prophecy has been fulfilled. Certainly we can see elements of its fulfilment in the recent wars of Israel. But could it also have a future fulfilment?
If such a conflict takes place, will Israel survive? Bible prophecy indicates that it will although there may be considerable destruction in the process.
The outcome of this could well be a peace settlement which will hold for a number of years until the next round of conflict is ready with the war of Gog and Magog (Ezekiel 38-9). In this passage an alliance of nations invades Israel led by ‘Gog’, a leader from the uttermost north of Israel at a time when Israel is at peace in the region. Again this is a prophecy which has never been fulfilled in past events.)
Joel chapter 2 also speaks of a northern army invading Israel in the last days. Both Joel and Ezekiel 39.1-5, 27-29 show that when this happens God will intervene and destroy this army and that following this there will be an outpouring of the Holy Spirit.
Persia (Iran) is one of the countries mentioned in this war, in which an alliance of nations invades Israel led by ‘Gog’, a leader from the uttermost north of Israel. Russia, the power to the north, is supplying Iran today with nuclear technology at its Busheir nuclear power station and with advanced weapons. Russia has recently opened up a naval base in Syria. Another country mentioned in the line up of countries taking part in this war is Togarmah which many Bible commentators identify with modern day Turkey. The geographical position of Turkey is significant being the main region of the eastern Roman Empire, which at one time had Constantinople (modern Istanbul) as its capital. Until recently Turkey has been known as a secular Muslim country, seeking membership of the EU and friendly towards Israel, even taking part in joint military exercises with Israel. Now it has become hostile to Israel. Significantly no Arab country bordering on Israel is mentioned in the line up of nations in Ezekiel 38-9.
According to the Bible, the War of Gog and Magog happens after the restoration of Israel from worldwide dispersion and before the end of this age. The nations who take part are supernaturally defeated by God intervening to save Israel. As a result, there is a turning to God in Israel and among the nations. Since the armies destroyed will be Islamic, this could lead to a collapse of faith in Islam since God will be seen to destroy Islamic armies.
The final conflict will be the gathering together of the armies of the world (Armageddon) which leads to the physical return of Yeshua / Jesus as King of kings and Lord of lords:
And I saw three unclean spirits of demons performing signs which go out to the kings of the earth and of the whole earth, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty. …. The Hebrew prophet Zechariah prophesies this event in words which clearly point to Jesus as the Messiah. He describes a world conflict over the status of Jerusalem, a question, which will not just affect the countries of the region, but the whole world:
And it shall happen in that day that I will make Jerusalem a very heavy stone for all peoples; and all who would heave it away will surely be cut in pieces, though all nations of the earth are gathered against it. (Zechariah 12.3)
When the armies of the world gather together against Jerusalem to battle, God says:
“And I.
Zechariah 14 the LORD (Hebrew YHWH – the most sacred name for God). Not only this but He will also apparently have feet and stand on the Mount of Olives. If He has feet presumably He will have the rest of a body as well!
The Mount of Olives is a very significant place in the New Testament also. Jesus gave His teaching on His second coming there (Matthew 24, Mark 13, Luke 21) and ascended into heaven from there. As He did so, an angel spoke to the disciples saying:
“This:
“You shall see Me no more until you say, ‘Blessed is He who comes in the name of the Lord!’ ”
When Jesus is welcomed and accepted as Messiah by the Jewish people, He will come to the earth and finally bring peace to Israel, thus fulfilling the prophecy)ORLANDO, Fla. — Adventure rafting is coming to SeaWorld Orlando.
The theme park announced Thursday it is building the Infinity Falls thrill ride.
Park officials say an elevator will lift each raft and then launch it into a river 40 feet (12 meters) below. They say it will be the world’s tallest river rapid drop.
The ride will have a rainforest river theme, and park officials say it will be the centerpiece of a new area of the park recreating a rainforest canopy.
Infinity Falls will open in summer 2018.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.The Purge: Anarchy in streaming..
John Beasley, Niko Nicotera, Zoë Soul, Edwin Hodge, Keith Stanfield, Michael K. Williams, Jack Conley, Kiele Sanchez, Carmen Ejogo, Justina Machado, Noel Gugliemi, Frank Grillo, Castulo Guerra, Zach Gilford, Roberta Valderrama
Directors: James DeMonaco
Duration: 103 min
Year of release: 2014
Click the links below to watch The Purge: Anarchy in streaming:
- Alternate links
- 01
- 02Brian Urlacher may be the unluckiest future Hall of Famer in NFL history.
He became eligible for the Hall for the first time this year, and many feel his career is of “first-ballot’’ quality. Problem is: Only eight linebackers in history have that designation, and the likely ninth is also in his first year of eligibility, Baltimore’s Ray Lewis.
So where does that leave Urlacher?
Probably headed to Canton soon, but maybe not this year — and there’s no shame in that because when he arrives no one will ask what he’s doing there.
Of the eight first-ballot Hall-of-Fame linebackers, two are Bears: Dick Butkus, arguably the greatest middle linebacker of all-time, and Mike Singletary. The most recent was the Chargers’ Junior Seau, who was enshrined in 2015. While few players can stack up to the hardware won by Seau and Lewis, who was a two-time Defensive Player of the Year, Super Bowl MVP and 13-time Pro Bowl selection, Urlacher is not far behind.
In his 13-year career, he was Defensive Player of the Year in 2005, Rookie of the Year in 2000, a member of the 2000s’ all-decade team and an eight-time Pro Bowl selection who led the Bears to a 13-3 record and Super Bowl XLI in 2006, where they lost to the Colts.
He started more games than all but two Bears in the team’s history, with his 180 starts in 182 games trailing all-time leader Walter Payton by only four starts. But things didn’t begin quite as auspiciously as the former first-round draft pick had hoped his rookie season.
After starting in three pre-season games at outside linebacker and finding the restrictions of playing only half the field daunting, Urlacher was benched in favor of Roosevelt Colvin. That benching turned out to be a blessing for both Urlacher and the Bears.
Then-head coach Dick Jauron returned him to the lineup at middle linebacker when Barry Minter was injured in the second game of the season. For Minter it was a Wally Pipp moment. He never started at middle linebacker again, and by the end of that season Urlacher had made 124 tackles, eight sacks and was Rookie of the Year … and Jauron knew he had one less position to worry about.
“He could get to anybody anywhere, and he could beat your blocking scheme by technique, by skill, by going around it, by going under it, by going over it, any way he wanted to do it,’’ said Jauron, who both coached Urlacher and coached against him. “He was just a terrific player.”
By the end of his career, Urlacher had made that clear. He finished with 1,354 tackles, 41 ½ sacks, 22 passes intercepted and God knows how many deflected, 11 forced fumbles and 15 recovered. As former Bears’ head coach Mike Ditka put it not long after Urlacher retired, “He doesn’t have to apologize to anyone for the way he played the game. He’s a future Hall of Famer.’’
How long that will take remains to be seen and debated, but if former Bears’ general manager Jerry Angelo had a vote, Urlacher would be fitted for a bust in February when the vote is taken.
“He not only made the Bears better,’’ Angelo said. “He made football better. Not many can say that.’’
Indeed not.
To describe Urlacher’s style as fast and furious only begins to explain how he combined a linebacker’s attitude with a defensive back’s speed and agility. His approach to the position is best understood by this comment he once made about his job.
“How great is this life?’’ Urlacher said. “To get to knock guys’ heads off for 60 minutes and not get thrown in jail?’’
Yet his physical style and remarkable speed for his size were only the beginning of what Urlacher brought to a defensive huddle. When Lovie Smith came to Chicago to install the Tampa-2 defense he learned under Tony Dungy with the Buccaneers, Smith quickly came to realize Urlacher was more than a heat- seeking missile. He was a well-guided one.
“His physical play is just a small part of what made Brian great,’’ Smith said. “People knew he called our defense, but his intelligence was never given its just due. His understanding of the game is among the best who have ever played it.”
Urlacher will be remembered for many moments in Chicago but perhaps none more than when he spearheaded a comeback from a 20-point deficit against the Arizona Cardinals in 2006. In that game he had 19 tackles and forced a fumble that was returned for a touchdown. A week later his teammates were still marveling at what he’d done.
“We watched the film, and everybody was saying that he just turned into the Incredible Hulk the last four minutes of the game, just killing people and running over and tackling whoever had the ball,’’ Devin Hester said at the time.
Smith was on the sidelines that night and still remembers Urlacher ranging from sideline to sideline, making one play after another, willing his team to victory. When he recalls that night, Smith says “The way he took over the 2006 Monday night game in Arizona is among the greatest defensive performances ever.’’
That Urlacher was capable of so controlling the outcome of a game and the fate of his team comes as no surprise to Hall-of-Fame running back LaDainian Tomlinson. He had more than a few violent encounters with Urlacher and came away believing, “Brian Urlacher epitomized the middle-linebacker position. Whenever you prepared to play his defenses, you had to know where he was on every play because he had the ability to impact the game on so many different levels.’’
Whether Brian Urlacher becomes a so-called “first ballot Hall of Famer’’ in February or merely a “Hall of Famer’’ a year or two later, one thing is certain. Those who knew him best, which is to say the men he played with and the others who collided into him, know a place in Canton is already reserved for him.
“He had running-back type athleticism playing middle linebacker,’’ quarterback Peyton Manning said of Urlacher. “He was the anchor of that Chicago Bears defense. Dick Butkus, Mike Singletary, Brian Urlacher… Brian carried that torch well,’’
Well enough to end up in the Hall of Fame soon.
4 Comments
I’m glad you wrote this post Ron. I was a little perplexed by some of your cynical remarks on previous shows about Urlacher playing middle linebacker with the Bears. Perhaps it’s like centerfield with the Yankees where that position just attracts greatness for whatever reason.
Nobody disputes Ray Lewis’ unique abilities and perhaps Urlacher is a shade behind but not by much. Urlacher was much more quiet, which didn’t enhance his reputation. He was great in one system under Jauron and switched to a completely different one under Lovie and was even better. Nobody played MLB in a Tampa 2 like Urlacher, who blended size, power, speed and athletic ability better than anyone else at the position. I’ve never seen a linebacker, let alone a middle linebacker, with hands like Urlacher. I have no doubt he could have had a perennial Pro Bowl career at TE.
I’ve followed the Bears closely for about 40 years and Mike Singletary was a tad better as a run defender and clearly deserving of his Hall of Fame induction. But I’d give the edge to Urlacher as a better all-around linebacker because of his range and cover skills. With a legacy that includes Bulldog Turner, Bill George, Dick Butkus, Singletary and now Urlacher, I can sense some skepticism about whether Urlacher benefits by the company. But Urlacher is the equal of everyone on that list save Butkus. As for the upcoming class, Urlacher’s impact was right there with Lewis and Randy Moss and deserving of first-ballot status. Jack Lambert and Ted Hendricks went in together, and I think Lewis and Urlacher should go in the same way.
I have seen Brian play many times at solder field. Side to side the best ever but Briggs did alot to clean up. Brian would tackle badly have to get up and retackle 10 tds down the field. H. O . F. No question but Briggs also i always felt Brighs was the clean up man between the 2. Brian always new where to be on the field and set the Correct Defense. Game changing player, can and did impose his will on other teams. Just ask coach Green in az.
Bear Fan Bob and I don’t always agree on things, but we do on Lance Briggs. Assuming there’s room at OLB in the HoF beyond Junior Seau and Derrick Brooks, Briggs’s honors of 2/7/none would be next in line among eligible players at the position in a few years (he’s not eligible yet). That’s actually a bit better then folks like Clay Matthews III and Terrell Suggs (both 1/6/none currently) or James Harrison (2/5/none currently).
No question to me that Brian Urlacher belongs in the HoF. Profile of 4/8/00s is excellent, with only Ray Lewis being better at this position among contemporaries. Doubt he’s first ballot, but he shouldn’t wait that long.Moroccan Marquee
Moroccan Marquees were traditionally used to welcome Sultans and Kings as they travelled the kingdoms, entertaining guests with lavish parties. If you’re planning a wedding or big party, a Moroccan Marquee will add that touch of drama to make your big night one to remember.
Inside and out, the Moroccan Marquee is decorated with intricate detail and bold colour. Oozing with beauty and warmth, Moroccan Marquees transform ordinary celebrations into extravagant, glitzy feasts. Moroccan Marquee colours are usually a mix of fiery reds, burnt oranges, earthy greens and flashes of soft pink. Luxurious rugs line the floors, alongside scatters of silk cushions, flickering lanterns and low covered tables. Larger spaces can include beds for guests to lounge on, with pretty drape curtains pulled to the sides.
Personalise Your Marquee
If you already have your own marquee but want to inject personality into it – try getting your marquee lined. Lining the marquee will add that wow factor, concealing the marquees frame structure to give a polished finish. Moroccan decoration can be added including lanterns, Moroccan style tables and pouffes, silk scatter cushions and soft rugs.
A themed marquee is a way to turn a great party into a fantastically, memorable one. Get your guests to dress up Moroccan style and create a grand entrance for them to walk through. Flickering lanterns and Moroccan tunes will transport your guests into another world when they step through the curtain of your marquee.
When Can You Use a Moroccan Marquee
A Moroccan Marquee can be used at any type of celebration or event. It will add personality to your wedding reception, bring drama to your birthday party and turn any type of function into one to remember. Maybe you want to surprise your loved one with a special birthday party or maybe you want to treat your partner to a night of lavish fun?
The Moroccan Marquee will certainly add that edge and create a fantastic backdrop to photographs. It will keep your party safe from the elements and can even be added onto a building to make use of a garden area.
Why Choose Crest Marquees
Crest Marquees have been delivering marquees of exceptional quality since 2006. Whether you need a Moroccan, Arabian, Chinese Hat or Traditional marquee, Crest Marquees can help you find the perfect one for you. Knowledgeable staff can help personalise your marquee with a range of interiors including; sofas, chairs, tables, disco balls, themed linings, lighting and a range of entrances and flooring.
If you need something a little different, Crest Marquees will do everything they can to get you what you need. Always listening and adapting to customer’s needs – Crest Marquees likes to work closely with their clients until they have the party of their dreams. Proud to of built up a huge following of happy, repeat customers, you can be confident you will always receive a stunning, spotless marquee of the highest quality.
Give the staff at Crest Marquee a call today on 0121 773 8444 to receive a quote, or get help deciding on the theme of your next event.!
I would love to win a copy of this book! It looks wonderful.
harMy prayer time will be enriched by the use of this book.
I would love to win a copy of this book, it looks awesome. Especially since I've 'doubled' in children recently, hehehe. It would be a great way to get centered and calm as I go through parenting a school aged child and an infant :)
Oooh, I was just starting to think of Mother's day! ♥ I would probably keep this copy for myself instead of giving it to my mom.
What a beautiful idea for a book. I know it is sometimes so hard to do the spiritual work of raising children.
As someone who is on a journey to Orthodoxy, I would love to have this book to help me along the way. Sounds very helpful and encouraging!
I would love a copy. It looks like an amazing book.
This looks great!
Looks wonderful! Excited about these books that fill a unique need :-)
It really is a great idea for a book!
I had a difficult start as a mother at eighteen. I was estranged from my own mother at the time and still am. Every person in my family either lost a mother early or was abandoned by them. I feel like I have no one earthly to turn to for encouragement and support. My patron saint is St. Anna, the mother of our Mother and I have wept so many nights asking for her intercession. Our society really does not honor the struggles mothers go through, and instead focuses on the utopian picture painted by Hallmark and so many parenting magazines. Mothers are broken, and flawed, we get angry and say things we shouldn't. The Church understands that we are imperfect parents and offers the salve for our wounded spirits. I have always loved our faith, but I never truly, deeply, madly in love with it until I had my children. The support and tradition of our faith was like a life preserver during the most unstructured time of my life. My husband is not Orthodox so sometimes I feel like I am carrying the light in my own, but if it's for my kids I am happy to carry it. I realized what my life's calling is after struggling to find a cosmipolitan career that would make me feel important. I have the most important job in the world, raising saints for Christ's kingdom.
I would love a copy of this book to turn to for encouragement in my walk as a mother and Orthodox Christian. Thank you for the chance!
Christ is Risen!
I heard about this book two days ago and am eager to read it. I'm expecting my 3rd child within the next 2-7 weeks, and am learning the increasing need to quiet my mind, heart, and words with prayer. Thank you for offering this giveaway.
I would love a chance to read this book! As a convert to the Orthodox Church, it's such a gift to have books like these to light my way, both in faith and in my parenting.
The book looks wonderful. I would love a chance to win a copy.
Would love to give this book to my sister...
Hi Aunt Wendy! I have been eyeing this book...feeling like I could really use it right about now! :)
I would love to read this!!!
This would be a lovely book to share with the mothers at our parish!
@Adriel, congratulations - you're one of my winners! :) Send me your mailing address so that I can have the publisher send your copy in time for Mother's Day.UAE to suspend BlackBerry service on security fears
Black only BlackBerry data services operate. unauthorized percent in Abu Dhabi while du closed unchanged on Dubai's main index.
Most owners of BlackBerry handheld phones in the UAE are high net worth business executives as well as expatriates, who comprise the majority of the population.
I think there will be such an uproar, it probably won't happen and a solution will be found, said Irfan Ellam, Al Mal Capital telecoms analyst, government regards the services offered by BlackBerry, especially its instant messaging, as an obstacle to its goal of reinforcing censorship, filtering and surveillance, Reporters Without Borders said in a statement last week.
India's Internal Security Chief U.K..
(Additional reporting by Amena Bakr, Matt Smith in Dubai and Frederik Richter in Manama; Writing by Amran Abocar; Editing by Jason Neely)- bellissimobakeryAsked on July 09, 2015 at 04:35 PM
- JotForm SupportdavidAnswered on July 09, 2015 at 06:18 PM
Hi,
If your form is embedded using the https embed code, it will continue to use SSL submissions. Same goes if you provided the secure link. If you change the embed link from:
to
The link will no longer use SSL submissions.
If you would like to have us check your webpage to make sure your form is using regular submissions, let us know the URL and we will be happy to have a look.
-Cayuga live may encourage student-athletes to apply via early decision. Students who are considering applying via early decision should be aware of the rules and obligations that this commitment entails. Beyond consideration for Cayuga Community College football scores, you may think about Montclair Part Time Youth Sports Coaching Positions
Kids First Sports Safety, Inc.
Football, Volleyball, Baseball, Basketball, Badminton, Tennis and more! Coaches forecast their schedule around work, college classes, etc..
7 days ago.”
Bilenky Cycle Works – Best Road Frame
Stephen Bilenky of Philadelphia has been building bikes for nearly 30 years, in the first 25 of which he focused on making tandem bicycles. His award winning model is an old French style tandem, using modern geometry and updated components. “It was built for a tandem review in a magazine. The frame is simplistic–a fillet brazed tandem–but it came out so well with the box pin-striping and luggage racks that we saw it as a show bike,” explained Stephen Bilenky.
Richard Sachs – Best Track Frame
Richard Sachs liked this bike so much that he told the customer he’d like to buy it back if it ever went up for sale. A few years later, the customer sold it back to him. Around the year 1990 Richard Sachs got to a point where some frames he makes get very close to his ideal of how a frame should be. “You never know if you’ll get there again, so I’d like to keep a couple of these frames. This is one of them.” It is a 1970s style frame, with narrow (by modern standards) sized tubes, juxtaposed with 2009 components.”
Crumpton Cycles – Best Carbon Fiber
Nick Crumpton denies he’s rigid. “I’ve heard from people I’m not flexible,” he said. His custom, scratch-made full carbon fiber frames are built using measuring tape and discussion — and a little intuition. Show him how you sit on a bike and then give him freedom to work, and, he says, he will build the best bike he can build. Having built for about 6 years, he got a call to participate in the first NAHBS show in Houston right after quitting his day job in 2004. Crumpton taught himself how to work with his unusual material. Cracking books, surfing the internet and experimentation led him to a place where he’s comfortable crafting a very different kind of bike.
Kent Eriksen Cycles – Best Titanium
Kent Ericksen chooses each tube set according to the physique, riding style, and intended use of each customer, and he builds in titanium only. The winning bicycle was chosen as a show model because of its clean, simple, elegant and functional design–which represents Kent Ericksen’s values.
Kirk – Best Fillet Brazing
Dave Kirk won the fillet-brazing prize with a 55cm frame with Reynolds tubing (725 front triangle and proprietary seat and chainstays)and standard road racing geometry built for a customer. “It’s a stuck-in-the-rack model, similar to many others we do,” Kirk said.
Asked about his experience at this year’s show, Kirk said, “Every year it gets better. It’s the only trade show I go to, and I’m proud to be associated with it.”
YiPsan – Best City Bike.”
Aaron Dykstra/Six Eleven – Rookie of the Year
Six-Eleven Bicycles is named after a famous steam engine built in Roanoke, Virginia, the base of this company. “This bicycle is inspired by the aesthetic of the six-eleven steam engine, which is the pride of Roanoke. It seemed fitting that I should make it a track bike, and I’ve added a small grille to the top of the head tube, and the serial number plate is derived from the train too,” said Dykstra.
Engin – Best Off-Road
Drew Guldalian of Engin Cycles won the Best Off-Road prize with a 29er bike of the same basic design that won at NAHBS in Portland in 2008. Guldalian makes not only the frame, but also the stem, seatpost and fork. “It allows me to tailor everything to the rider,” he says. The show winner was destined for a lucky customer.
Guldalian was happy to have the show relatively close to his Philadelphia base and just a few hours’ drive down Interstate 95. “There’s a nice vibe here in the Mid-Atlantic and it’s great to be in an environment where more people are familiar with my bikes,” he said.
Calfee – Best Tandem
Craig Calfee won with a “Dragonfly” – his 23lb., carbon-framed, belt-driven flyweight tandem that will go to a lucky customer. “It’s built to be light and high performance, yet comfortable,” Calfee said.
Calfee enjoyed the “new territory” of the Mid-Atlantic visited by NAHBS this year, but noted, “I think it’s good that the show moves to new venues. There were so many here in Richmond that had never been to NAHBS before, so we end up getting the show before new faces every year.”
Spectrum Tandem – Best Steel Frame
Fillet brazed joints with fabricated lugs make this frame an outstanding piece of work. Jeff Duser, who works for Tom Kellog, did most of the work on the frame. “It takes a lot of experience before you’d want to even think of a project like this,” he said. Kellog and Duser wanted to make a lugged tandem frame, but “You can’t buy lugs to make a tandem frame, nobody makes those angles, explained Kellog. Fillet brazing raises the temperature much higher than silver solering, so we wanted to make a frame with silver soldered, lugged joints wherever we could,” said Kellog.
Di Nucci – Best Lugged Frame
Mark DiNucci won with a rust-orange colored city bike designed for and ridden by a friend. Every tube is unique and tailored to the bike’s function. The lugs are all custom designed and engineered for stiffness. The bottom bracket shell was designed by DiNucci when he worked for Specialized, and it predates a nearly identical design from Cinelli. The chainstay bridge is a prototype: beefy and designed for stiffness. The fork crown came off an old Masi but was retrofitted with Columbus blades by DiNucci. The gradual bend of the fork blades makes the ride comfortable while maintaining stiffness.
DiNucci visited NAHBS in 2008 as a vistor when it was in Portland, close to his Oregon workshop. This year was his first as an exhibitor. “It’s a fantastic group here. It’s great to come and feel the pulse of the handmade community” DiNucci said.
De Salvo- Best TIG welded Frame
“This is a bike I built for the show. It’s my personal style, rather than what a customer might want,” explained Mike De Salvo about a bike that he believes most accurately represents his approach to frame building. The TIG welded frame has steel tubes and carbon forks. “It’s a good example of how far steel has come. The frame weight has decreased, while its performance has increased.”
Llewellyn – Best Paint
Darrell McMulloch of Llewellen hails from Brisbane, Australia, but had been to Richmond before – in 1995 as a mechanic with the Australian National Team in the Tour DuPont.
McMulloch’s friend and business partner Joe Cosgrove painted the award-winning frame in candy-apple red over a gold metallic base from House of Kolor. “The gold base really comes through the red if you look at it in direct sunlight,” McMulloch said.
McMulloch said of his first NAHBS: “It’s a love-fest for frame-builders. An absolutely fantastic time.”
Cherubim – President’s Choice
Shinichi Konno’s classic/modern bicycle is built with old parts and narrow cro-moly diameter tubes from Kaisei, but it manages to assume a modern look thanks to Konno’s careful design. The bicycle is in fact redolent with clever design features, and Konno expects that on return to Japan he will keep it and possibly ride it himself, but he would consider selling it to somebody for a museum collection.
YiPsan – People’s Choice.”
[...],” [...]One of the world’s most famous ships, the Royal Yacht Britannia was launched at John Brown’s Shipyard in Clydebank, Scotland in 1953. During that time Britannia carried The Queen and the Royal Family on 968 official voyages, from the remotest regions of the South Seas to the deepest divides of Antarctica. Britannia w sailed the oceans for 43 years and 334 days, travelling a total of 1,087,623 nautical miles, calling at over 600 ports in 135 countries.
In December, 1997, Britannia was decommissioned and is now permanently moored in Edinburgh’s historic Port of Leith.
Today, visitors such as Gerry and Gwen Saubak of Bashaw, Alta., and their daughter Holly along with her husband SSGT Steve Sorbie and grandson Logan (who all currently reside at Hermitage, England, as Steve is serving with the British Armed Forces) can discover what life was like on board the ship for the Royal Family and crew.
Photo courtesy Gwen SaubakVIDEO | X360, PS3, PC Saturday, September 5, 2009 | 12:05 AM
Dirt 2: Croatia video
Croatia: Gameplay
Croatia: Replay
Duel in Croatia (replay)
About the game
- Colin McRae: Dirt 2
- X360, PS3
- Published by Codemasters
- Developed by Codemasters
-
Using an Xbox360-wheel BlimBlim?
Blim, sorry for getting off topic. Have you played Shift and if so are we going to get any videos. I'm dying to see a replay for that.
Amazing graphics.
Using an Xbox360-wheel BlimBlim?
I love how when the replay camera gets jostled, we get video scrambling/bad reception, to make it more real world... and not just a CG camera. Very nice subtle touch Codies.
I love how when the replay camera gets jostled, we get video scrambling/bad reception, to make it more real world... and not just a CG camera. Very nice subtle touch Codies.
Lack of track variety also seems to be a problem. Not a big fan of how everything looks so damn similar.
In regards to wishing this game handled more like Ralisport challenge, I think it might be a bit of a nostalgia factor because I watched some youtube videos and it looks so arcadey. I remember the rali games being a blast too but I don't think I'd like arcadey controls like that in this. Maybe it's because in Rallisport challenge even though it was arcadey there was no handling assisting going on, where whenever I play the demo for Dirt2 I feel I can perceive (though I could be totally wrong) some assisting going on, helping you through the corners a bit which isn't cool.
When I talk about Ralisport Challenge, I don't mean that it's less arcadey than Dirt 2, I just meant that it just felt better than Dirt 2. The overall feel of the car on different surfaces just felt really "right" to me in RC, while in Dirt 2 it just doesn't have the same good feel to the controls.
I don't know if it's an assist thing or what, but the gameplay in the demo just seemed off to me. The corners and braking just don't have that fun "feel the car talking to you" vibe that most great racing games provide.
Sorry for a lack of better wording :-(
Something feels off, but it's still cool.
I know what you mean, I wish this game would handle more like Flatout 1, where it really felt like you were the alpha and omega of control.A percent of the damage dealt from abilities is converted into a temporary shield, absorbing incoming damage.
Mordekaiser's next three attacks deal escalating bonus damage.
Coats an ally in magnetic metal, increasing each unit's movement speed toward one another. While near one another, the metal swirls violently dealing damage per second to enemies.
Mordekaiser deals damage to enemies in a cone in front of him. For each unit hit, Mordekaiser's shield absorbs energy.
Mordekaiser curses an enemy champion or the Dragon, stealing a percent of their life initially and each second. If the target dies while the spell is active, their soul is enslaved and will follow Mordekaiser as a ghost..Annual Reports
Trustees Report for the year ending 31 December 2016
The trustees are pleased to present their report and the financial statements of the charity for the year ended 31 December 2016.The trustees have adopted the provisions of the Statement of Recommended Practice applicable to charities preparing their accounts in accordance with the Financial Reporting Standard for Smaller Entities effective 1st January 2015 (SORPFRSSE), in preparing the annual report and financial statements of the charity.
Aims and Purposes
The aims of the Barton under Needwood & Dunstall Key Trust ('theTrust' are to distribute the income derived from investments, including rent from land, in accordance with the Trust Deed, whilst maintaining adequate reserves in line with future planned commitments.
Objects and Activities
The objects of the Trust are to meet the needs of the
residents in the area of benefit as laid down in the Trust Deed,
including:
- contributing to the upkeep and maintenance of the Parish Church in Barton under Needwood,
- relief of persons who are in need, hardship or distress, and
- for the general benefit in such charitable ways as the trustees think fit.
Achievement and Performance
Clerk
Trustees are very fortunate to have secured the services of Mrs Firth as their Clerk whose attention to detail, efficiency and deep interest in our activities is outstanding. Her enjoyment of this role and involvement within our communities is plain to see and brings great benefit to the Trust.
Combined with our Trustees wide ranging knowledge of our community, commercial acumen and experience of managing charitable organisations we are wel lplaced to continue the development and successful operation of the Trust.
I thank them, our special advisers and our Clerk for their dedication to making this Trust a major force in Barton & Dunstall. At the Trustees annual meeting I expressed an intention to retire as chairman in 2017 after some seven years in that role during which the Trust has been developed, expanded, promoted and become recognised widely as the principal source of grant aid for individuals and organisations in our communities.
This decision was based on the benefits of fresh leadership taking the Trust forward and I am delighted that Trustees have appointed Cllr Mrs Jacqui Jones as my successor from next October.
Finance & Investments
Rents for our land holdings were uplifted to reflect current values and new agreements signed specifying the terms for annual reviews. All the Trust's allotments were occupied under formal annual rental agreements throughout the year. One allotment becomes vacant in 2017.
Aggregate Industries began extracting and selling minerals from the extension of their local pit in mid year. Under the terms of a legally binding Community Fund Agreement this is now providing additional income to the Trust for investment to support beneficiaries as defined by our Trust Deed.
We remain content with the service and performance of Investec, our investment managers, but will continue reviewing their appointment. Administration costs,excluding investment management and exceptional fees associated with the disposal of Breach Close, were 4.8% of net investment income.
Grants
During the year 9 grants have been awarded to individuals and 10 to local organisations totalling £29,362. Additionally our Christmas voucher distribution cost £4,075. These and £6,322 paid to St James’ Church represent 85.3% of our net investment income received during the the year.
We continue to receive a good variety of applications from individuals and community organisations and are ready to support more, particularly as other sources of grant aid are reducing.
Marketing
Encouraging young people with extra-curricular activities is a significant objective for the Trust. The Barton & Dunstall Key Trust Award for Leadership at John Taylor High School is very well received, attracting outstanding candidates and considerable positive publicity for the Trust. showing examples of projects we have supported and enabling potential applicants to download our Terms & Conditions and our Application Form is a valuable source of current information and promotion of the Trust. It is updated regularly.
We continue promoting the Trust by distributing promotional posters and taking free or low cost closely targeted advertisements in local magazines and guides as well as requiring sponsored projects to promote the Trust in their literature and by plaques on buildings.
Despite the relatively small area of benefit and tightness of our communities it is evident that some people & local organisations are unaware of how we might assist.
In addition to our poster and advertising campaigns we secure substantial free coverage of our activities in the local media and the high quality, splendidly produced Barton Chime Parish magazine that circulates widely with news of church and community activites.
We have also commissioned a large dedicated notice board at Barton Library to promote the Trust and encourage grant applications.
Public Benefit Requirement
The Trustees feel that the performance in the year demonstrates that the Trust continues to meet the Public Benefit criteria whilst complying with the Trust Deed.
Approved by the Trustees on 7th July 2017 and signed on their
behalf by Adrian Wedgwood, Chairman:
Mr A Wedgwood, ChairmanYou can obtain life insurance policies through agents or brokers, by mail, via the Internet, or through group plans offered by your employer or an association. No matter how you buy your life insurance, you should only buy from a licensed company that offers policies approved in the state you live in.
Insurance shopping tips
First, set the goals you want for life insurance. Then shop around for life insurance. The cost of life insurance varies from company to company—as do their services, standards, and policies.
Research the policy carefully to make sure it meets your needs. Once you decide to buy life insurance, don’t delay! Make the purchase. Your beneficiaries will not benefit unless you buy a policy. Also, if you wait, you could develop a health problem, which could cause the rates to go up, or the company could reject your application.
The company must provide you with a buyer’s guide and a policy summary before they give you the policy. If you do not receive these two items, ask for them.
Deciding how much insurance to buy
You should decide how much life insurance you need. You need to look carefully at your individual circumstances. The real value of life insurance is to protect your loved ones after your death. Before you buy, ask yourself:
• What costs and hardships will my family have to deal with after I am gone?
• How will the loss of my salary affect my family?
These questions require careful thought and perhaps a candid talk with your beneficiaries.Brian Welsh Memorial Museum of Anaesthesia
DescriptionPart of the Northern Schools of Anaesthesia the museum is physically sited in the anaesthetic training centre in the Royal Victoria Infirmary, with some of the exhibits on display. Images of archived objects are included in the Website.
OwnerSimon Cotterill
SourceLocal (Co-Curate)
LicenseWhat does this mean? Unknown license check permission to reuse
Further informationLink:
Resource type: Text/Website
Added by: Simon Cotterill
Last modified: 3 years, 6 months ago
Viewed: 335 times
Picture Taken: Unknown
Co-Curate tagsI am a reader. Fiction, history, memoirs, biography, history, art history, poetry, and of course books about perfume and nature. I have been accused of living in a world of books. It is the closest thing I know of to time travel. I wish there were 72 hours in the day and I could spend half of them reading. It occurs to me to start perfuming my books, or perfuming the books I give as presents, or perfuming their bookmarks. I am sure some people would howl at this idea, especially those who hate the scent strips in magazines, but it is unlikely those particular people will be opening my books or any books from me any time soon.
There are three kinds of fragrances that immediately come to my mind for this use. First, anything with aoud or sandalwood, or some other wood note such as cedar; second, wholesome organic/natural mood enhancing types such Ineke's Balmy Days and Sundays, or Red Flower's Guaiac or Roxana's oak leaf tincture, or certain CB Water perfumes such as Just Breathe, or In the Summer Kitchen, or other herbal, leafy green or tea scents; and third, classic home fragrances such as L'Occitane or Jo Malone's, especially the citrusy or pine-y ones. I also like single note essences and absolutes such as black spruce or galbanum, or even vanilla for this purpose. One drop or two on the opened cover near the spine -- on the wrist of the book, so to speak.
On a much lighter side than most perfumes or their close relatives, Le Cherchi Midi's line of home fragrances, based on color and type can be used as room or linen or personal fragrances and would be perfect for books. They can also be used on clothing or the lining of a handbag or leather gloves. They have a clean and sheer nature. None are peculiar or strange in any way so it is highly unlikely they would start to cloy or get on one's nerves over time. Their essential light pleasantness is subtly uplifting, especially during these long indoor-spent cold months. These fragrances are numbered rather than named, and identified with a color corresponding to the type. For example green equals a green fragrance, violet equals an oriental type, black for leather, etc. (The color to fragrance connection is beginning to be examined more frequently in a number of recent releases, I see). White 01 is their ocean/beach signature fragrance with marine air and summer herbal notes. Green o5 is my favorite because of its clear cut-grass air. Violet 09 is a brandy amber which could be useful for certain British mystery and suspense stories. Orange 14 is a light rose and orange flower, very sheer, good for the nineteenth century French chapters that describe the toilette of Madame Bovary or the details of Colette's mother's home in Sido. Black 20 is leather and cedar, perfect for Russian novels and short stories by Turgenev or Chekov, and also Black CT01, vetiver crossed with fir and cedar. 21 Red is a spicey winter holiday scent, cardamon and berries, good for scenting gift wrapped boxes for sweaters and scarves.
There are always the perfumes of coffee and tobacco and chocolate, the classic scents to accompany the experience of reading...
Image above from the On Demand Books site, something new coming which sounds exciting. They will be able to print books to order, single copy, of any book, out of print or never published, current or backlist.
9 comments:
happy 2009!
I loved the idea of perfuming books.
I have scented my business cards and my diary.
fragrant regards from Brazil,
Simone
Lucy,
You are a couple cars ahead of me on the thoughtful train when it comes to scented bookmarks...actually thinking about scenting the books, and on top of that, matching scents to the books. Love it.
Meanwhile, I continue to use sprayed sample cards as bookmarks...but they just get haphazardly used, because there is never a dearth of reading in progress around here... :) ...and while it means there is not thought into the matchings, it does mean that when I find a completed book with the mark still in, I am transported back to both the reading experience and the more or less concomitant new scent experience.
Am about to go add a variety to my "scent pairings" list...my favorite being from the bar + perfume combinations...
Hey +Q, so you are in Brazil, the land of fragrance...great idea to scent the cards and diaries. I keep my cards in my wallet so maybe the scent would migrate to my money...which would be a-OK...
Dear S -- thank you for your kind words -- It would be an added dimension to find the scents left behind on books read by friends or even clinging to those found used on Amazon or the occasional garage sale...and now I see there is a scent called "Book Dust" on Etsy by an artisan perfume maker:
though the choice of notes seems a bit different than mine would be. And of course now must try CB's In the Library asap.
can you put different scents in different scenes? like music to movies?
or..
can you write a scented narrative for a dog?
the possibilites are noseboggling!
I am loving the scented bookmark idea. I have a beautiful bookmark that I am using right now, with this lovely flower on it. But your idea takes it to a new level. So glad I ran across your blog tonight!
Thanks pikake -- it's so fun to think of further very personal uses for perfume.
Hey Barry,
I think we may project our own perfume preferences onto books or movies or other characters of psychic important to us but then why not?
It's like buying a perfume on a trip, and then you always think of that place when you wear that perfume. It would be like that with a book. Whenever you smell the perfume you have scented your book with, it would transport you to whatever feelings that book evoked from you. Or it would bring alive the characters instantly. So many places to go with this idea!Information for Kidz Kampus Learning Center, a Licensed Center - Child Care Program in Houston TX:
Address: 13630 Beamer Road # 118, Houston TX 77089
Contact Phone: (832) 672-8706
Contact Email: Login or Register to email this provider.
Description:
At the Kidz Kampus we believe children learn better when they are engaged. That's why purposeful play and nurturing guidance from teachers are key components of balanced Learning. See how this time-tested approach with a strong emphasis on life skills and character development can help your child develop and excel naturally. Kidz Kampus uses the most current, academically endorsed methods to ensure that children have fun while learning the skills they need for long-term success in school and in life. Our talented teachers also collaborate with parents to nurture children into respectful, confident and joyful learners.
OUR WEEKLY RATES:
NCI Accepted
5 Weeks - 12 Month $170.00
13 - 24 Month $155.00
25 - 35 Month $145.00
36 - 59 Month $125.00
After School $95.00
Before & After School $110.00
Registration Fee $75.00 ( $100.00 For Families of 2 or more children)
License Number: 1634193
Capacity: 77
Age Range: Infant, Toddler, Pre-Kindergarten, School
Rate Range: $85 - $170
Achievement and/or Accreditations: CDA / CPR Certified Staff
Days of Operation: Monday - Friday
Normal Open Hours: 06:00 AM-06:30 PM
Enrolled in Subsidized Child Care Program: Yes
Languages Supported: English, English, Spanish, Filipino
Type of Care: Child Care Program
Transportation: Field Trips, To/From School
Schools Served: Weber, Burnett, Meador, Stuchbury
Additional Information:
Our highly trained teachers collaborate with parents to nurture children into respectful, confident and joyful learners. Through ongoing communication, parents and teachers can help each child become fully prepared for and excited about kindergarten. Kidz Kampus is managed and operated by experience owner and director who work together to make sure every family has a wonderful experience. This distinctive model also ensures children are known and appreciated for their individual gifts and personalities. Our daily enrichment programs foster your child’s self-esteem and set the foundation for a well-rounded, healthy lifestyle. These programs may include baby sign language, music and languages such as Spanish etc.
Feel like you’re missing out on moments while your child is in daycare? You don't have to any more. We have you covered!.. At Kidz Kampus we offer live streaming camera for each classroom which areequiped with custom created software that captures, share and engage parents with digital daily sheets, pictures, videos and educational information about the progress of your child. By complementing face-to-face communications in real time we capture moments and memories that would normally be fleeting. Big or small, your child's special moments are too precious to forget. With us you are never away from your child...You'll receive daily updates on your child’s activities to your email or smartphone – everything from health and nutrition to learning and development. Your family can't be with your child every day, but that doesn't mean they should miss out! Enroll today and become a part of your childs development on demand!
Initial License Date: 4/6/2017.
- Rated 5 star(s) by Megan Guiterez on 2017-05-30 16:34:30
- Comment:
I have used this provider for less than 6 months
The center is clean, staff are friendly and prices are great. Overall we love it..NASHVILLE, Tenn. — 17 touchdowns, and he added two more, including the longest reception of his career after taking a screen pass 80 yards. The Rams clinched their first NFC West title since 2003 by beating the Tennessee Titans 27-23 on Sunday.
The running back finished with 118 yards rushing and 158 yards receiving, becoming only the third in NFL history to post such a performance as he joined Ollie Matson (1954) and Herschel Walker (1986). Gurley also became the third in NFL history with at least 2,000 scrimmage yards, 10 TDs rushing and more than five TD catches in a season, joining O.J. Simpson (1975) and Marshall Faulk (2000 and 2001).
“He’s a special player,” Rams first-year coach Sean McVay said. “He is playing his best the last couple of weeks when it is the most important, these last couple of weeks.”
Jared Goff threw for 301 yards and four touchdown passes, the last for the final margin with 11:51 left on a 14-yarder to Cooper Kupp. Goff said he knows who he’d pick for the league’s MVP award if he had a vote.
“I know there’s a bunch of other guys in the league doing great things, but he’s got my vote,” Goff said.
Here are some things to know as the Rams and Titans prepare for their regular-season finales:
TENNESSEE IN CONTROL: The Titans (8-7) have lost three straight, and the loss to Los Angeles allowed Jacksonville to clinch the AFC South. But the Titans host the Jaguars to wrap up the season needing only a win for their second straight winning season and first playoff berth since 2008. Losses by the Chargers and the Bills also would clinch a berth for the Titans even with a loss.
“This is our season, and we’re looking forward to it,” Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota said.
ROUGH DEBUT: Sam Ficken missed his first extra point in the NFL and followed by clanking a 36-yard field goal attempt off the right upright in replacing Greg Zuerlein, the Rams’ Pro Bowl kicker. Ficken bounced back by connecting on his next three extra points, and Ficken also put four of his five kickoffs in the end zone, with two touchbacks.
“To his credit, he found a way to respond and came away being able to make the rest of the opportunities that he did have,” McVay said. “I thought he kicked the ball off pretty well. We’ll continue to evaluate moving forward.”
MURRAY’S KNEE: DeMarco Murray had to be helped to the sideline late in the game, and Mularkey says the running back will have an MRI on his right knee. “He’s a pretty tough guy, watched him walk off, didn’t look good,” Mularkey said. Murray finished with 48 yards on 15 carries and three catches for 11 yards.
The Titans still have Derrick Henry, the 2015 Heisman Trophy winner, who would be in line for only his second start this season and fourth of his career if Murray can’t play in the finale.
SACKED: The Rams came in ranked second in the NFL with 47 sacks, and the Titans ranked fifth after piling up 26 over the past five games. Each team left adding only one sack apiece to the totals.
MORE WORK LEFT: The Rams’ win ensures Los Angeles will host its first NFL playoff game in a very long time. First, the Rams wrap up the regular season hosting the San Francisco 49ers. McVay gave the Rams off until Wednesday with the Christmas holiday. The Rams are a win away from reversing 4-12 last season to 12-4.
“I guess from the outside looking in you’d be surprised …,” Goff said. “I felt good about our year coming into it and now we’re division champs and it feels really good.”
AP freelance writers Brian Hinchman and Terry McCormick contributed.
For more NFL coverage: and.
Follow Teresa M. Walker atAug 23, 2016
BRIDGEPORT -- The University of Charleston has been selected by a vote of the league's coaches to win the 2016 Mountain East Conference Men's Golf championship.
The Golden Eagles finished atop a closely contested preseason poll with 114 points and six first-place votes. Charleston finished just ahead of Shepherd (111 points, three first-place votes) and West Liberty (108 points, three first-place votes) in the poll.
Shepherd walked away with the MEC title last fall, and the Rams, Golden Eagles and Hilltoppers all earned bids to the NCAA Tournament last spring.
Wheeling Jesuit was fourth in the poll with 88 points, while Notre Dame was fifth with 84 points. Fairmont State was predicted to finish sixth with 57 points, followed by Glenville State and Urbana in a tie for seventh with 55 points. West Virginia Wesleyan (51), UVa-Wise (30), Concord (27) and West Virginia State (12) rounded out the poll.Being in Key West allowed us to eat the FRESHEST fish possible. Of course we had tried many different fish dishes out and about, however we were eager to fire up the grill and throw the catch of the day on there. In the morning, several of the boys and I wandered out to the local fish market. Being so small, everything on the island is local, as you might guess. All the same, the fish was still quite pricey. Probably because they know we’ll still buy the good stuff 🙂
We decided on Ahi Tuna and Snapper. Since we were flush with mangoes from our mango tree, we decided to whip up a mango salsa and slap the Snapper on a tortilla for a little taco action. Sounds good, right? Minus the part when the mango tree randomly decided to pelt it’s fruit at you. All the same, still delicious.
In the mango salsa:
mango, some type of pepper, tomato, onion, key limes, salt, pepper and a little olive oil – that’s it!
We threw this concoction together in the morning so it could stick and get happy all day. Around 5pm we fired up the grill and roasted yellow squash along with the fish.
Instead of buying an entire roll of tin foil, we asked the fish guy for several sheets. Pretty good idea, eh?
The tuna literally took seconds on either side. I wasn’t quick enough to snap a photo. We also cooked up some rice to give the tacos a bit more substance. We ended up cooking the entire box…probably had 4 pounds of rice at one point. Oh boy. This was such a fantastic meal. Everything from the roasted veggies to fresh fish to the flavorful salsa…this was all so delicious!
If we had done this every night I would have been okay with that decision. This just reaffirms that just because you are on vacation doesn’t mean you can’t cook your own meal, eat healthy and go mango diving in the pool 🙂
Gosh, this all sounds spectacular!!! And fresh mango salsa – holy smokes. What a perfect meal with all fresh local ingredients!!
Ok, so one would think that Hawaiian living = mangoes all of the time, but not everyone in my house loves them. Well, I don’t love them, and since I am the main grocery shopper, they do not make it into my basket too often.
However, after seeing this salsa with its appealing colors, I just had to get a mango and give it a try! I’m so thankful, too, Court, because it was delicious!!
We put it on grilled pork fajitas –or as Stella says, “rajitas”! The salsa was so yummy and light! Everyone loved it!
It will become ‘a keeper’, and it’s all thanks to your mad photography (and cooking) skills, Courtney!!
Thanks for keeping it local for me, too! 😉
First of all I had no idea mangoes were so prevalent in Hawaii. Awesome! Second…yay! I’m so glad this dish inspired you to try mangoes again. Grilled pork is such a great idea! I’ll have to try that too. Rajitas…too cute 🙂 (Matt says “Hiiii!”…just to Stella apparently haha)
So happy to hear you connected on this recipe! All credit going to the mango 😉
Hiiiiii, Mr. Matt!!!
😉
This is on my to-make list when we return home from travels to SC and Atlanta.- Description
DetailsDoes life often seem to be little more than a series of disappointments and frustrations? Are you exhausted by the relentless pursuit of happiness and fulfillment, always coming up just short? In those quiet times in the dark depths of night, do you allow yourself the question, “Why am I here?”
If these questions hit a nerve, crack open this book and discover what you’ve been seeking all this time. Stay the course, and you will find a full and abundant life founded on the truth of your identity and purpose, unfettered by the whims of circumstance. Suspend your prejudices, judgments, and allegiances for a moment and allow the light of God’s truth to enter your life. Be forever transformed as you learn to express the wonders and glories of God’s kingdomby simply being who God created you to be!
- Additional Information
Additional Information
- ReviewsIsrael News
Hi-Tech
TRENDING STORIES
Middle East
American Politics
Premium
Edition française
Blogs
Green Israel
ANKARA - French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said on Friday he opposed any unilateral intervention in Syria and any such move should be mandated by the United Nations.Juppe, who was speaking at a news conference in Ankara alongside Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, also said he doubted whether Syria would respond positively to an Arab League peace plan proposal.France, Britain and Germany plan to ask the UN General Assembly's human rights committee to approve a resolution condemning the violence in Syria, before putting the non-binding measure to a vote in an Assembly plenary session
By REUTERS
By JPOST.COM STAFF
Sponsored Content
By REUTERS
Please insert a valid email addressHowdy, Stranger!
It looks like you're new here. If you want to get involved, click one of these buttons!
Sport Trac Transmission Problems
Make your Trac shift properly by getting your tranny probs solved here
kcram - Pickups Host
kcram - Pickups Host
Is there a.Hyderabad: South Central Railway General Manager Vashishta Johri reviewed the progress of all ongoing newline, doubling and electrification projects over the zone with Principal Heads of the Department, Heads of Construction organization on Friday at Rail Nilayam in Secunderabad.
The General Manager emphasized upon the last mile projects over South Central Railway and directed the officials to complete the targeted works as per schedule fixed by Railway Board.
He undertook a detailed review of the ongoing projects of Peddapalli-Nizamabad New line last phase, Kazipet-Secunderabad third line, Kondapalli-Vijayawada third line, Hyderabad-Gulbarga new line, Nandyal-Yerraguntla new line, Guntakal-Wadi doubling, Mancheryal-Peddampet doubling, Jaggayyapet-Mellacheru-Janpahad new line.
He stressed upon the need to complete all the last mile projects to strengthen infrastructure and help in capacity augmentation for Railway network.
He also reviewed the critical activities related to projects including deployment of manpower for operation and maintenance etc.
Senior officials including Additional General Manager A.K. Gupta were also present in the meeting. (INN).
HAPPY EASTER !!!!!!
Many thanks for your wishes.
Happy Easter to you!!
Thanks for the cute design. Happy Easter to you.
Judy in Kansas
Thanks for the wonderful Pattern!!
Happy Easter to you and and her family !!!
Hi Romi.. i would like to enquire where can i get some crochet and knitting stuff in Graz.
Azie
Malaysia
Hola querida,
Esta precioso y gracias por el gráfico!!!!!!
Besos,
Lany
Hola querida,
¡Feliz año 2013!
Besos,
Lany
Well the topic you choose really unique and information is ultimate you gave us. I completely enjoyed the post and hoping more post from you soon.
Accounts Software for Small BusinessI had a craving for scones over the weekend, so I searched through the recipes I’ve had bookmarked for a while and came across this one. The results were excellent. These scones are tender, and not overly sweet. Sean and I each had one for dessert, and I plan to have them for breakfast this week as well.
This recipe comes from Food Librarian‘s blog.
You’ll need:
- 2 cups flour
- 1/4 cup granulated sugar
- 2 1/2 tsp baking powder
- 1/4 tsp salt
- 1 stick butter, cold and cut into smallish cubes
- 1 cup heavy whipping cream, cold
- 3/4 cup mini chocolate chips
- 1 egg, beaten
Preheat the oven to 425 F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper, set aside.
In a medium-sized bowl, whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together.
Add the butter to the dry ingredients. Using a pastry cutter, two knives, or your fingers, work the butter into the dry ingredients until the butter is the size of small peas. (As a side note: sometimes I will put the dry ingredients in a food processor and pulse to combine. Then I’ll add the butter and pulse some more until the butter is well-incorporated and, again, the size of small peas. This is faster but results in more cleanup).
Now add the heavy cream and chocolate chips. Using a spatula, mix until everything is well-combined.
Turn the dough out onto a clean surface, and shape it into a disc. Transfer the disc to the parchment-lined baking sheet. Brush the top with the beaten egg and sprinkle, pretty liberally, with sugar. Cut the dough into eighths.
Bake 14-16 minutes, or until the top is golden brown.
These look so, so, so good! Of course I am on day 1 of a 5 day detox cleanse thing and can’t eat anything yummy…. now I am absolutely dying to eat one of these scones! Guess I’ll have to wait until the weekend 🙂
They are well worth the wait! =) Best of luck with the cleanse!Showcase is a fully staged and choreographed, all-ages variety show that involves over 100 Burnsville High School students in its production.
BHS students engage in the production as stage managers and light, sound and running crews. Performers on stage sing and play a variety of pop and show music from the last few decades, while other students dance intensely and engage in exciting choreography.
This year's theme is "Senior High," which follows the story of a few actors as they progress from ninth grade through high school and to graduation. All of the music ties into the storyline, like Earth, Wind, and Fire's "September" for the beginning of the school year. Other scenes throughout the show explore academics, high school relationships, summer vacation, and prom.
Remaining performances begin at 7:30 p.m. on Thursday, Friday and Saturday, May 19-21 in the Mraz center at BHS. Tickets are $5 (students),$8 (adults) and are available online at.
Showcase's promotion video:Archives
Need a Revenue Boost? Try Adding a Delivery ServiceJune 29, 2016 11:00 am Leave your thoughts Have you noticed the trend that fewer people are eating out? And those people are not going to the grocery store, buying food, bringing it home, and cooking it themselves. They are ordering food from a delivery service, over the phone or online, and having it brought right to their doorstep. Millennials especially love getting food… View Article
Color Choice — A Vital Aspect of Restaurant BrandingJune 22, 2016 11:00 am Leave your thoughts When it comes to branding, it matters what colors you use in both your marketing materials and your restaurant’s decor. Here are some of the signals that you send to customers by your color choice. Color Choice #1: White and Black People can look at these colors two ways. White can summon feelings of peace,… View Article
Treating the Waitstaff RightJune 15, 2016 4:30 pm Leave your thoughts Restaurants need to work to retain those waitstaff members who provide good service to customers. In fact, a rude staff is 18% more likely to chase away customers than slow food delivery. However, the way waitstaff is treated by the customer can also have a great effect on the type of service people receive. With… View ArticleProduct 30/69
To be notified when this product is available please click here..
This product was added to our catalog on Tuesday 28 September, 2010.
Simply enter your details below and we will send you an e-mail when “Interlude II by Johnson Precision Magic” is available!
We will not send you any other e-mails or add you to our newsletter, you will only be e-mailed about this product!
It's very fast shipping International. Thanks!Read More ->
Great prices, great customer service, great shipping. What is not to like about this magic shop?Read More ->New information reaching us shows that, the billboards of Nigeria’s president, Goodluck Jonathan and that of Gen Muhammadu Buhari, another presidential candidate were erected in Accra because of the security risks. Ghana’s National security pulled down the billboards over the weekend with the help of the Accra Metropolitan Assembly (AMA). According to Ghanaweb.com, a security expert at the Kofi Annan […]The field may have been rather wet on Saturday but that didn’t stop teams with the Wheatbelt Baseball League from taking part in their skills competition and all star game from the college diamonds.
Ryan Stickel of the Fort St. John Black Sox said it’s a good experience being able to get together with some of the league’s best in a format that’s a bit more laid back than standard regular season games.
“The all star game has been a lot of fun,” he said. “It’s a nice sized league with six teams and it’s always fun to get together with something like this and meet other guys and mix it up. Everybody’s competitive and driven and everybody likes baseball so everybody gets along pretty good every time we get together and do this.”
League commissioner Dave Allan also took in the day’s festivities. He said even though the league is small, players and locals enjoy coming out to see the best that the league has to offer.
“The guys really enjoy it,” he said. “I know the fans that come out like to come and see some local baseball. It’s well played. The guys play well and there’s not a lot of mistakes out there. They like coming out for an all star game and having a skills contest and having a little fun rather than playing the seriousness of the games”
In the skills contest Ray Martens won the pitching contest by displaying the best accuracy, Marc Krauss had the fastest time running the bases, and Ryan Stickel won the home run derby.
As for the all star game itself, Team Bucknell defeated Team Stickel 5-2.
Sunday the Sox also took part in games against Grande Prairie and Grimshaw. Fort St. John dropped the first game against the Brewers but earned themselves a split after a 9-6 victory over the Huskies. Friday’s game that was postponed against Rycroft will take place on July 9 or 10 at the college diamonds....]
AC Cobra CSX2001
A...]
Ferrari 250 GTO 3223GT
I had the good fortune of spending some time at Cavallino 2012 in Palm Beach last month. The Ferrari GTO is one of the most valuable cars ever made. They are the pinnacle of Ferrari collecting. They are fast, beautiful, rare, and very successful as a race car. As always, many of the owners bring their cars to P.B.I.R for the track events during the … [Read more...]
Porsche 911 Type 964 Carrera RSR
We … [Read more...]>>/PCS
nickel skirt safety pinsFrom $2.98/PCS
219-yds invisible thread - clearFrom $2.98/PCS
tomato pin cushion - red/greenFrom /PCS
1/5-embroidery needlesFrom $2.59/PCS
5/10-embroidery needlesFrom $2.59/PCS
2 1/8" big eye needlesFrom $3.59/PKG
ball point needlesFrom $2.98/PCS
washable elastic threadFrom $2.98/PCS
self threading needlesFrom $2.98/PCS
safety thimble largeFrom $2.59/PCS
collar staysFrom $3.98/PCS
safety pins-blister packedFrom $2.98/PCS
t-pins 100 count boxFrom $5.98/PCS
tailor's chalk pencilFrom $3.98/PCS
4 class-15 bobbinsFrom $1.59/PCS
ball point machine needlesFrom $1.98/PCS
beading needlesFrom $3.49/PCS
silk pins - multiFrom $5.98/PCS
assorted pearl head pinsFrom $5.98/PCS
tailor's chalk pencil refillFrom $2.59/PCS
stitch witchery fusible bonding webFrom $6.98
1/2" all purpose shoulder padsFrom $6.98/PCS
1/4" all purpose shoulder padsFrom $6.98/PCS
tear drop raglan shoulder padsFrom $6.98/PCS
30 assorted needlesFrom $3.98/PCS
25 assorted craft needlesFrom $3.98/PCS
200 brass silk pinsFrom $4.98/PCS
175 ball point pinsFrom $4.59/PCS
tomato pin cushionFrom $2.98/PCS
curved upholstery needlesFrom $4.98/PKG
decorator needlesFrom $4.98/PKG
20" medium weight separating zipperFrom $5.15/PCS
20" heavy separating jacket zipperFrom $7.56/PCS
22" heavy separating jacket zipperFrom $7.56Wrzuta.pl Downloader
автор: izaak-goldstein
Описание.
Снимки
Отзывы пользователей
Отзывы и оценки
- "Wrzuta.pl Download
bessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssst.
B-)These are some photos I took on the 6-8-2008 when I thought people living on our Coldharbour Estate would like to see how I re-use waste containers to grow things in, done in the simplest way I know, if it helps to reduce some of our waste going to landfill sites in the UK, and in the rest of the world if I can.
Photos 5-10 show how I'm trying to spread the word about my 3Rs Plastic container gardening system.
You are viewing the text version of this site.
To view the full version please install the Adobe Flash Player and ensure your web browser has JavaScript enabled.
Need help? check the requirements page.via Prison Planet
Society, USA
2016, breaking news, breaking news 2016, clinton, clinton 2016, clinton foundation, dem, democrat, democrats, dems, hillary, hillary 2016, hillary campaign, hillary clinton, hillary scandal, news, news 2016, prison planet, prison planet 2016, prisonplanet, prisonplanet 2016, us society, usa, usa 2016, usa society
Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 52 other followers
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Up ↑3 Tips for Improving Customer Satisfaction
Just about every small business wants to keep their customers happy and returning to them as often as possible, so tips for improving customer satisfaction are always important. This is more than just basic customer service: customer satisfaction entails the entire experience a customer has with your company and their final feeling at the end of the interaction they have with your business.
Below are three simple and great ways to ensure your customers
Listen to Feedback and Interaction
The best perspective on the customer experience as a whole comes from—you guessed it—the customers themselves. If you don’t ask the customers how their overall experience was then you will never really know how your company is doing on a regular basis. So the first thing that your company should do to improve overall customer satisfaction is to ask your customers for their opinion. While people usually hate filling out surveys or anything that will take up too much of their time, providing a forum—both online or in a physical store—will give customers an outlet to convey their feelings to you. If you don’t want to provide a survey, you can encourage engagement with your business page on consumer review sites, like Yelp.
The next step is to take all of this feedback into account and implement changes where you deem necessary. While some things customers say will be isolated incidents or not very helpful for you when trying improve their overall experience, a number of comments will be integral to your customer’s overall satisfaction on a more regular basis. If there are less-than-desirable reviews, you should take the proper steps in addressing the negative reviews.
Make Sure All Employees Know How to Treat Customers
While you may have an idea of how you would like to be treated as a customer, the employees who are interfacing with customers on a constant basis may not. Take the time to train your employees to treat customers the way they would like to be treated through some basic lectures or courses. Employees can be paid for this time or served lunch, so they don’t feel like they are being reprimanded in a group setting. In this training, employees should be encouraged to think about the big picture, especially in an age where customers have more reach than ever before. One bad review online can be relatively damaging to a business, so all customers should be treated as if they are the most important. If these meetings are executed right this will feel like a team building exercise as much as it feels like a way to improve the overall customer experience.
Go Above and Beyond
Look at what your competitors are doing in regards to customer service and try to make the customer service your company offers even better. Hire greeters to stand by doors and have employees ready to help any customer at the drop of a hat, showing them where a particular product is or try and answer any question they might have. This level of customer service should also translate to the online experience, with prompt responses to any questions a customer has about certain products or services, via phone or email. The better all of these components of customer service are in your business, the better the customer satisfaction will probably be.
This stuff is pretty good, enhancing my water and shit. Pretty dope flavor variety.
Very easy to travel with. Nice packaging. It also has a great taste. 10 out of 10.
Great for when you are bored with plain water. It also is pretty tasty also fruity
This stuff is awesome. It's so tasty and it's so refreshing on a warm summer day.
Doesn't taste too bad. Wanted to try something different, and I kinda of liked it
Pretty cool to take with you if you're in a rush and water by itself seems boring
Love these! Great flavor, low calories. Great add to your water. Easy on the go,!
Not to strong of a flavor. Perfect size to throw in your purse if your on the go.
Not a great product, but I don't like flavored water. It had a chemical taste.
This stuff is great when you want to add flavor to your water. It tastes good!?Home > Categories > Category
you are not logged in. [log in]
additional search options
sorted by:
Alphabetical: A-Z
Alphabetical: Z-A
Newest (by date approved)
Newest (by date created)
La chapelle de la Santonne - Apt, Paca, France
in Odd-Shaped Buildings
La chapelle de la Santonne, un endroit atypique et bien caché
posted by: YvesProvence
location: Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France
date approved: 1/12/2018
last visited: never
Musikkens Hus, Aalborg - Denmark
Musikkens Hus er et musikhus i Aalborg, og det omfatter bl.a. koncertsal og øvelokaler for Aalborg Symfoniorkester og Det Jyske Musikkonservatorium -
The house of Music in Aalborg contains a concert hall and practice rooms.
posted by: kallehaugerne
location: Denmark
date approved: 1/7/2018
National Museum of the Pacific War - Fredericksburg, TX
Building started out as a hotel. It is now a museum honoring Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz and those who served with him in World War II.
posted by: WalksfarTX
location: Texas
date approved: 1/1/2018
last visited: 7/18/2016
Royal Danish Opera House - Copenhagen, Denmark
One of the most modern buildings in all of Copenhagen.
posted by: bluesnote
date approved: 12/23/2017
La tour Luma- Arles- Bouches du Rhône- PACA- France
La tour LUMA à Arles
posted by: SISABIEL
date approved: 12/10/2017
John Diefenbaker Building, Ottawa, Ontario
The John Diefenbaker building, previously Ottawa's city hall from 1958 to 2000, and now commonly known as Old City Hall, is located on Sussex Drive, in Ottawa, Ontario. The odd shape part of the building was built in 1988 during a major expansion.
posted by: Weathervane
location: Ontario, Canada
date approved: 12/6/2017
Kö-Bogen - Düsseldorf, Germany
DE: Moderner Gebäudekomplex in Düsseldorf mit Büros, Einzelhandel und Gastronomie.
EN: Modern building complex in Düsseldorf with offices, stores and gastronomy.
posted by: Narayan,
location: Nordrhein-Westfalen, Germany
date approved: 11/8/2017
Het Kompas - Emmen, NL
Information Desk/Simple Restaurant in the shape of a compass located inside Wildlands Adventure Zoo Emmen, The Netherlands.
posted by: dreamhummie
location: Drenthe, Netherlands
date approved: 10/25/2017
Harpa - Reykjavik, Iceland
Winner of several architecture prize, Harpa is an asymetric glass building located on the waterfront in Reykjavik, Iceland
posted by: denben
location: Iceland
date approved: 10/16. It really looks odd.
posted by: Tante.Hossi
location: Baden-Württemberg, Germany
date approved: 9/6/2017
The "Carrot" Bus Shelter - Regent Street, Weston Super Mare.
This is "Silica" a 85 feet tall Bus Shelter, kiosk,: 8/28/2017
last visited: 9/16/2017
Auferstehungskirche - Bonn, NRW, Germany
Auferstehungskirche in Bonn.
posted by: kaschper69
date approved: 8/9/2017
last visited: 8/13/2017
San Diego Central Library - San Diego, CA
One of the largest libraries in California is located in downtown San Diego.
location: California
date approved: 8/5/2017
DC Tower 1 - Vienna, Austria
DC Tower 1 in Wien.
location: Wien, Austria
date approved: 8/3/2017
last visited: 12/20/2017
Rheinpavillion - Bonn, NRW, Germany
"Rheinpavillion" is shaped like a captain's bridge of a ship.
posted by: argus1972
date approved: 8/1/2017
last visited: 10/8/2017
Medeco-Center Koblenz, RP, Germany
Medeco-Center in Koblenz.
location: Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany
date approved: 7/30/2017
maat - Lisboa, Portugal
This is a new museum building in Lisbon
posted by: tofixe
location: Lisboa, Portugal
date approved: 7/24/2017
Halte Routière de Manosque - Manosque, Paca, France
La halte routière de Mansoque
date approved: 7/21/2017
Hobart Building - San Francisco, CA
The Hobart Building is an office high rise located at 582–592 Market Street in the financial district of San Francisco.
date approved: 7/5/2017
Glashaus - Dornach, SO, Switzerland
The oldest extant building designed by Rudolf Steiner and an early masterpiece of organic architecture.
posted by: fi67
location: Nordwestschweiz (AG/BL/BS), Switzerland
date approved: 6/15/2017
CIIRC - Ceský institut informatiky, robotiky a kybernetiky / Czech Institute of Informatics, Robotics and Cybernetics (Prague)
The new tower of CIIRC (Ceský institut informatiky, robotiky a kybernetiky / Czech Institute of Informatics, Robotics and Cybernetics) in Prague is unsual not only thanks to assymetry and leaning, but also by "wrapping" in ETFE foil...
posted by: Dorcadion Team
location: Hlavni mesto Praha, Czech Republic
date approved: 5/22/2017
Siège Pernod-Ricard - Créteil, Île de France
[FR] Siège social de l'entreprise Pernod-Ricard
[EN] Headquarter of Pernod-Ricard business
posted by: Tromel
location: Île-de-France, France
date approved: 5/10/2017
last visited: 5/10/2017
Crystal - Vinohrady (Prague)
Completely unsymmetric and slightly odd (...stands out like a sore thumb for many Prague citizens), is a new post-modern 14-floor structure of Crystal office building built in 2013-2015 and located in Vinohradská street in Prague.
date approved: 5/2/2017
last visited: 12/31/2017
Harbor Towers
posted by: just for the fun
location: Michigan
date approved: 4/26/2017
last visited: 4/28/2017
Pilzkiosk in einem Park - Regensburg/BY/Germany
There's a historic-protected 'Milchpilz', a little former kiosk in the form and the colours of a fly agaric, located in Regensburg, Bavaria, Germany.
posted by: *Team Krombaer*
location: Bayern, Germany
date approved: 4/18/2017Award-Winning Comediennes: Hilarious Girls’-Night Outing
Hold.
MBT Field Guide Insights:.
“One of the best shows” – Madison Square Garden
“A smash hit” – Berrie CenterHello everyone!
Today I want share with you my new LO about my darling family. Oh I love such moments!
And what do you think about red background? It is very unusual for me. Red color is very active so I decided to make clean LO without paints.
Details:
And I have a few photo of process.
I choose American Craft cardstok and printed photo.
I prepare The Crafters Workshop stencil, one of my favourite – TCW555
and pen for embossing
I looked around the letters on the stencils and added white powder, than baked it
I made 2 letters
And another 2 letters in the same way
I took another The Crafters Workshop stencils TCW556 and white vellum
In this case, I used a golden powder, and the same technique
I have got this interesting elements, one of them I used on my LO
I laid out a photo, paper decorations, cords fastened by a stapler, added a tape and a decorative sequins and my project is done!
Have a great day!
The Crafters Workshop products:
Tanya Palamarchuk
The Crafter’s Workshop Design Team MemberMorphe Limited Edition Full-Face Collection (Pre-order)
New
A$199
Dandenong, Australia
Going somewhere, Morphe Babe? Take us with you by packing these 24 on-the-go summer travel must-haves. Not to pick favorites, but these are totally ours (and soon, yours). Check these off your list and check yourself out as you board that plane to paradise: ✓ Pro brushes packed in a jetsetter-friendly case ✓ Shine control for those long beach days ✓ Natural color to keep things hotABOUT
GRANT WRITING
TRAINING & WORKSHOPS
SOUTH CAROLINA MALE ACHIEVEMENT CONFERENCE
MEDIA
BOOKING
ABOUT
Patrick J. Patterson, MSW, MPH
President
Patrick J. Patterson, MSW, MPH is an award winning speaker, advocate and influencer of change for fathers, men, boys, and families nationally and internationally. He has a powerful testimony of humble beginnings, challenges and triumphs with his own father, faith, and forgiveness. His journey also includes his inspirational transformation from graduating high school with a 1.3 GPA to earning a Bachelors Degree with honors and two Masters Degrees, all on full scholarship, which motivates students at all levels. Patrick’s life and story are stirring and full of principles that have helped many to find their path to success.
Throughout Patrick’s career he has been a featured keynote, workshop leader or trainer in 43 states, the US Virgin Islands and 5 different countries. He currently serves as a consultant to the NFL Players Association, providing training to current and former NFL Players on fatherhood, parenting, and healthy relationships. Requests for Patrick to deliver inspiration range widely, however his most requested talks focus on:
• Working with Fathers
• The 7 Building Blocks of Support
Needed by Men
• The 5 Habits of Good Fathers that
Build Strong Children
• The Spirit of Fatherhood
• Men and Boys heal differently, a
guide for teachers and helping
professionals.
Patrick‘s personal journey, education, experience, and deep passion for helping families have afforded him the opportunity to serve in executive leadership positions at the Sisters of Charity Foundation of South Carolina, US Department of Health and Human Services in Philadelphia, and as manager for national initiatives under President George W. Bush (the National Healthy Marriage Resource Center) and under President Barack H. Obama administrations (the National Responsible Fatherhood Clearinghouse).
Throughout his career, Patrick has gained national attention and a strong reputation as a skilled technical assistance provider, leading and coaching public and private sector leaders, social workers, teachers, and professionals who work with fathers, men and boys, helping them to understand how to effectively engage and work with them.
Patrick is a native of Columbia, SC where he annually hosts the SC Fatherhood and Male Achievement Conference, one of the largest convening’s in the southeast region of the US focused on building, connecting, and providing resources to Fathers, Men, and Boys.
He is married to his high school sweetheart, Sherani Ashford Patterson, and they have 2 beautiful daughters, Peyton and Lorin who Patrick co-authored the popular children’s book, “I Love When Daddy Reads to Me”. The book encourages and celebrates Dads reading with their children, while introducing new readers to 36 sight words and can be found on-on the Barnes and Nobles, Books A Million, and Amazon websites.
Mail: globalpartners202@gmail.com
Phone: 803-622-0319
Share by:Libya military commander blamed for Derna airstrikes
01 Nov 2017 - 10:17
AA
TRIPOLI, Libya: Libya’s Justice and Construction Party on Tuesday accused Tobruk-based military commander Khalifa Haftar of carrying out yesterday’s deadly airstrikes in the eastern city of Derna.
At least 17 people were killed and dozens more injured when unidentified aircraft struck the city on Monday.
In a Tuesday statement, the Muslim Brotherhood-linked party accused Haftar -- who is loyal to Libya’s Tobruk-based government -- of carrying out “terrorist acts” and targeting unarmed civilians in Derna.
“Targeting civilians is a war crime and a flagrant violation of international humanitarian law,” the statement read.
It went on to urge “all [Libyan] parties… to ensure that the UN and UN Security Council shoulder their responsibility to protect civilians in accordance with international resolutions”.
For the last three years, forces commanded by Haftar have kept the city of Derna -- currently held by the Mujahideen Shura Council -- under a crippling siege.
Abdulrahman al-Suweihli, head of Libya’s Supreme State Council, also accused Haftar of standing behind this week’s airstrikes in Derna.
“We must put political considerations aside and condemn the so-called general command that controls the eastern region,” al-Suweihli tweeted in reference to Haftar and Libya’s Tobruk-based government.
In a video statement released Tuesday afternoon, pro-Haftar forces denied any involvement in Monday’s deadly airstrikes.
Libya has been dogged by violence and chaos since 2011, when a bloody uprising led to the ouster and death of President Muammar Gaddafi after more than four decades in power.
The ensuing power vacuum led to the emergence of several rival seats of government and a plethora of heavily-armed militia groups.The representatives of the CAs of the Azerbaijan Republic, Republic of Armenia, Republic of Belarus, Republic of Kazakhstan, Russian Federation and Republic of Uzbekistan took part at the meeting.
The main issues of the agenda were the issues on the preparations for the Regional Commonwealth in the field of Communications for the RCC countries on the preparations for the ITU World Telecommunication Standardization Assembly 2012 (WTSA-12) and ITU World Conference on International Telecommunications 2012 (WCIT-12).
Meeting participants considered the proposals on the International Telecommunication Regulations (ITRs), submitted by the Communications Administrations of Russian, Uzbekistan and also by the ITU-T Sector Member OJSC “MTT”.
On the basis of submitted proposals, as well as remarks and comments of the participants of the meeting the preliminary draft RCC Common proposals on the ITRs review was made and will be presented at RPM for WCIT-12 in Tashkent (Republic of Uzbekistan) on 2-6 April 2012.
13 proposals for WTSA-12 were sent to the Working group from Communications Administrations of the Republic of Belarus, Russian Federation and Republic of Uzbekistan.
4 proposals were endorsed and submitted to the RPM for WTSA-12 consideration. In respect of other documents the remarks were made, it is necessary to improve the documents and submit them to the RPM consideration.
Meeting participants discussed the WTSA-12 and WCIT-12 structure, candidatures for leading position of the Assembly and Conference, as well as the candidatures for leading positions of the ITU-T working bodies.
At the end of the meeting the participants expressed the gratitude to the Communications Administration of the Russian Federation and FSUE NIIR for warm reception and created condition for successful carrying out of the Working group meeting.how do i know if i need a new engine. my 3.4 is knockingin a 95 monte carlo z34
2 Answers
Check the oil level to make sure it is not just low on oil. If the knock continues with the oil level full, then there is a bad rod bearing, and when that happens then its time for a rebuilt engine.
Does the engine quiet down and stop knocking when it is fully warmed to normal operating temperature?
Shortcuts
Search Chevrolet Monte Carlo Questions
Chevrolet Monte Carlo Experts
- #1Js08016Reputation560
- #2Tom DemyanReputation520
- #3John SaffrahnReputation450
Related Models For Sale
Used Chevrolet Impala
179 Great Deals out of 1,057 listings starting at $2,454
Used Chevrolet Camaro
929 listings starting at $12,798
Used Ford Mustang
6 Great Deals out of 1,038 listings starting at $3,995
Used Chevrolet Caprice
2 listings
Used Pontiac Grand Prix
3 Great Deals out of 64 listings starting at $1,400
Used Chevrolet Corvette
521 listings starting at $7,900
Used Chevrolet Tahoe
5 Great Deals out of 773 listings starting at $4,200
Used Buick Regal
3 Great Deals out of 231 listings starting at $7,495
Used Pontiac Firebird
10 listings starting at $17,000
Used Cars For Sale
2007 Chevrolet Monte Carlo For Sale
5 listings starting at $4,900
2006 Chevrolet Monte Carlo For Sale
3 listings starting at $4,995
2004 Chevrolet Monte Carlo For Sale
1 listing.Help make FIGMENT happen! Our staff and artists all generously volunteer their time… and if you can help make art projects happen by loaning or donating the following materials, we would appreciate it. Please email our team at chicago@figmentproject.org if you can help us out!
- Chalk for sidewalk drawing
- Construction paper or sign-making materials (premade preferable)
- Kid-Friendly Paint or Rock-Friendly Paint
- Name tags (stickers)
- Hand truck
- 2×4 lumber in 3-foot or longer sections
- Plywood
- Tarps
- Heavy-duty extension cords
- Chalk boards
- Dry Erase boards & markers
- Permanent Markers
- Wood screws
- Water cooler
- Pens
- Pencils
- Snacks or items Volunteers would appreciateA woman who suffered from a phobia of water has beaten her fear – and had her first shower in 30 years.
Donna McMahon was terrified of water after an incident on holiday when she was just five years old.
The 35-year-old was petrified of water going over her head, and has spent decades taking an hour to wash her hair in small sections while only in a shallow bath.
Now, thanks to hypnotherapy, she has beaten the fear after 30 years.
Donna, from Liverpool, spent 30 years allowing her fear to control her life, avoiding swimming baths and beaches.
But when she contacted The Hypnotist Man , Robert Hisee, she started on the road to success..
“The hypnotist, Robert, managed to find the cause of my water phobia, it was an incident that happened when I was five.
“I was on a water slide and another child pushed me down it and I was panicking the whole way down as I didn’t think my dad was going to catch me and that I was going to drown.
.”
Donna can’t believe that 30 years’ worth of fear and worry has been resolved in just one hour with hypnotist, Robert..”
The Hypnotist Man,.
“And that evening she took her kids swimming and she was sending me pictures of them swimming.
“It was amazing, she was able to put her head under the water and for thirty years she had a shower.”
Source: Mirror.co.ukPublished on February 11, 2009
Author: LucySymons
Source: slideshare.net
Imagine if everyone could tell the story?
Juan Cajiao, joined in AIESEC Costa Rica, internship in Romania, work in sustainability in China, support offices in Ibero America, President of AIESEC International 0809
Logo The Approach?
Logo Appreciative Inquiry In-quire’ ; 1. To explore, discover, ask questions Ap-pre’ci-ate ; 1. To value something 2. To increase in value
In-quire’ ;
1. To explore,
discover, ask
questions
Ap-pre’ci-ate ;
1. To value
something
2. To increase
in value
Appreciative Inquiry - Principles From words on paper to a vision alive… The stories we tell determine the stories we live Positive Emotions are Powerful We create the future by the questions we ask We go to where we are looking
The stories we tell determine the stories we live
Positive Emotions are Powerful
We create the future by the questions we ask
We go to where we are looking
Logo The network?
+ 1100 universities + 32.000 members + 100 countries/territories + 7.500 leadership positions + 4.450 internships Connected in 1 global youth network
Logo The Impact?
Phil Oduor, 23, from Kenya facilitated over 75 to experience Kenya international internships for young people
connects young people in Annika Rudback, USA Middle East and North Africa committed to make a positive change in their communities
Felipe Cardenas, 24, from Colombia supports more than 4000 young people in Ibero America to develop key competencies by executing entrepreneurial initiatives
Stories of changemakers…
Blog ware © The Career Innovation Company, 2008 Where young people are.
Logo Here.
Logo Here.
Logo Here.
Logo Powerful stories by young people for young people.
Imagine if everyone could tell the story?
2 0. Don't like this video? Sign in to make your opinion count. ... I am an AIESECer - Meike at Mindvalley in Kuala Lumpur - Duration: 2:53.
Read more
I am an AIESECer AIESEC La Plata. Subscribe Subscribed Unsubscribe 23 23. Loading ... 2 0. Don't like this video? Sign in to make your opinion ...
Read more
I'm an AIESECer 2.0.ppt Author: Lucy Symons Created Date: 1/13/2009 10:26:38 AM ...
Read more
LET'S IMPACT THE WORLD! I was an AIESECer . 0. 0. 0. Comments (0) + Your poster design is available on all of these fantastic products Posters from $9.95.
Read more
Experiential Leadership, Aiesec Quotes, Web 2 0, Aiesec Experiential, ... Aiesec Quotes, Aiesec Er, Aiesecer, Aiesec Join, Aiesec Promo, Aiesec Eprd, ...
Read more
I’m An AIESECer Campaign; AIESEC UI Magazine; ... Global Youth Ambassadors Batch Nusantara for Winter 2.0 Wijaya Kusuma, Leader: Saniya ...
Read more
#YouthSpeak 2.0 has been released, its not just a survey, but a youth movement. ... I'm an AIESECer. Viewers discretion is advised! IG---» tsderonke.
Read more
Add a commentIn today's day it is critical to get all you can for your shopping dollar. So there is no excuse to pay too much for a Gameboy Advance Scooby Doo when there are hundreds of them for auction on eBay. You also have to consider, eBay is one of the safest and most trusted online shopping sites in the world. This site is authorized by eBay to help you find the Gameboy Advance Scooby Doo you are looking for and at save you some money over local store prices. If you don't see the exact item you are looking for below. Use the search function on your right to enter the type and model you want.
Scooby-Doo Game Boy Advance ONLY.. BRAND NEW SEALED Very Hard To Find VHTF,Scooby-Doo (Game Boy Advance) ..Brand NEW! h-seam! VHTF!,Scooby Doo Double Pack + Scooby Doo Unmasked Nintendo Game Boy Advance NEW! RARE,Scooby Doo Unmasked (Nintendo Game Boy Advance, 2005),2 Games in 1 Double Pack: Scooby-Doo (Nintendo Game Boy Advance, 2005),NINTENDO GAME BOY ADVANCE SCOOBY DOO/DORA ETC. 25 DIFFERENT GAMES SET # 68,Bundle of Nintendo Gameboy Advance Color GBC Video Games Scooby-Doo, Mario Land,Scooby Doo Unmasked ( Nintendo Gameboy Advance GBA ),Complete w/Box & Manual,Scooby-Doo: Cyber Chase / Mystery Mayhem for GBA AGB-BCVE-USA (JP),Decimal Degrees:
Latitude: 35.2909203
Longitude: -93.5582443
Share your comments and photos of Ellsworth (historical), a Populated Place in Logan County, AR
(Optional) Upload a photo taken at this location:
Submit
Populated Place: Ellsworth (historical)
1 Places found nearby
New!
Tell others about this location or share a photo!
Time to build: 0.0780 Secs | Cached: 16-Jan-18 10:47 AMCreating A Welcoming Space For Every Type Of Entrepreneur To Take Risks
- By Kelly Hoey | Angel investor, speaker, and strategist@jkhoey
- Inc.com - June 3, 2017
Startup Edmonton welcomes every entrepreneur from tech to tattoos and provides the needed community to help them take risks necessary to scale.
To discover what's different about the startup community in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, Startup Edmonton's CEO, Tiffany Linke-Boyko suggests we start on the ground floor of the Mercer Warehouse. In "Vacancy Hall" (as the ground floor pop-up retail space is known) entrepreneurs can rent space month-to-month as a way to test or introduce new products or meet customers. Online lifestyle company, The Skinny moved into Vacancy Hall primarily as a way for their existing customers to pick-up orders offline. During the Vacancy Hall tenancy, The Skinny's founder saw a larger need for her customers to come together and see her more often, so this spring, she left Vacancy Hall and scaled her offline presence into a larger, permanent retail storefront in a local mall.
Up a few steps up from Vacancy Hall, is The Weekly, a barber shop and hair salon, (frequented by members of the Edmonton Oilers hockey team). Restaurant hot-spots Mercer Tavern and Baijiu occupy the first floor. I glance into a bar packed with a cross-section of the downtown community as we walk up the stairs to the sounds of rap music and bespoke cocktails being shaken, not stirred.
On the second floor of the Mercer Warehouse, you'll find a tattoo parlor as well as the startup, DrugBank (a unique bioinformatics and cheminformatics resource that combines detailed drug (i.e. chemical, pharmacological and pharmaceutical) data with comprehensive drug target (i.e. sequence, structure, and pathway) information). DrugBank initially started on the top floor of the Mercer Warehouse as a member of Startup Edmonton's Student Program, before growing and moving down into two dedicated office spaces.
Startup Edmonton occupies 14,000 square feet on the top floor of the building. It is a combination of co-working, dedicated desk space for scaling companies as well as an active event space. The meetup community for the startup and technology community in the city is anchored at Startup Edmonton. During any given month, Startup Edmonton hosts 20 - 25 events ranging from data analytics to open hardware, Ladies Learning Code to Android app development. And in the last five years, they have welcomed over 50,000 people up the four flights of stairs and across the old wide-plank warehouse floors with all of their community and Startup Edmonton programming.
"Community creates a safety net for people that are taking big risks. At Startup Edmonton and the Mercer Warehouse, people are trying their hand at really risky endeavours - tech startups, independent restaurants, small batch manufacturers and artists. We support one another's businesses, but more importantly we're friends, champions, word-of-mouth-spreaders, and peers." - Tiffany Linke-Boyko
Whether the entrepreneur is disrupting an industry or small business owner, Startup Edmonton helps them think about scale - how a business can grow beyond the founder's or business owner's expertise and available time. People are tackling lots of problems in so many industries, technology doesn't have to be the product - it can be the solution to scale, Tiffany tells me. Hence why Startup Edmonton, unlike many "tech" hubs, has such a diverse entrepreneur ecosystem under one roof.
"People are making an active choice to stay in Edmonton and build the community. It's easy to leave, lots of opportunities abound, but more and more our community members see the impact they can make by choosing to start, grow and scale here." - Tiffany Linke-Boyko
Startup Edmonton recently celebrated its fifth anniversary. Looking back from the top of the warehouse, Tiffany offers up these entrepreneurial community-building insights:
- Communities are unique - don't try to be someone else. The best approach is to recognize and embrace the uniqueness of your community.
- Return the favor! Startup Edmonton received great support and information from communities such as Boulder and Austin when they launched. In the "give" ethos of successful startup ecosystems (like Silicon Valley) Startup Edmonton shares resources, learnings and best practices whenever possible.
- There is a role and place for everyone. Don't be a gate-keeper to the entrepreneur community. Get to know new faces and make meaningful recommendations for how everyone - from students to small business owners to startup founders - can get involved.
- Building a meaningful community takes time and commitment. Startup Edmonton's student programming really only took off after three years of investment. Campus activation and interaction increased once professors and student groups saw that Startup Edmonton was interested in helping them solve the challenges they were dealing with.
Before completing the tour of the Mercer Warehouse community, Tiffany mentions the new business opening up downstairs across from The Weekly: Mayday Dogs, a gourmet hot dog joint with bleacher seating instead of tables. Chef and founder, Justin Benson, is well known in the community not only for his culinary skills (he was previously at local cafes Elm Cafe and Farrow) but also for his support of the startup community. Justin has hosted coffee for the Startup Edmonton community, spent time to get to know the other business owners in the shared space, and had pop-up collaborations with the owners of the other two restaurants in the building. Learning this, I wonder if my tour of Startup Edmonton has perhaps ended a little too soon.Unlimited products, storage and bandwidth + Free & Premium Themes, SSL in Alpha Beta Commerce,
Alpha Beta Commerce Reviews January 2018
Alpha Beta Commerce Unreliable Coupon, It may still work?
This is the last Coupon expires: Best WordPress Hosting + Free SSL certificate However, you should try it, because this could Coupon remains in force. In some cases, the merchant can reactivate the campaign discounts.
User Guide Alpha Beta Commerce Coupon Code!
To use the discount code at Alpha Beta Commerce, please click on SHOW COUPON. During the payment process at Store, you will see the coupon field, just paste the coupon above and apply, the price will be reduced. For promotions, Alpha Beta.Probably 7 for Buffet Breakfast(Incl.Juice/Cereals/Coffee/Toast) 2 Traditional Cooked Breakfast 9.incl.Buffet.
Photos Of
- Parking
- free
Facilities of Menai Bank HotelCHICOPEE, Mass. (Mass Appeal) – Clams casino is a clam “on the halfshell” dish that originated in Rhode Island. Personal Chef Bill Collins from ChefBill.com, showed us how to make this delicious seafood dish.
Clams Casino
Ingredients:
18 medium (2 1/2-inch) littleneck (or other) clams, scrubbed clean
2 ounces pancetta or bacon
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup finely diced red pepper
2 medium shallot, peeled and finely chopped
2 large garlic cloves, minced
½ teaspoon dried oregano
1/3 cup dry white wine
4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
Lots of kosher salt
Directions:
Preheat the oven to 450º
In a large pot over a high heat, place the clams in one cup of water. Cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and cook the clams just until they start to open, 4-6 minutes. Remove from the pot and discard any clams that do not open.
In a skillet over a medium heat, add the pancetta and sauté until crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Remove from the pan, and finely chop when cooled.
In the pan with the bacon fat, add butter and melt it. Add the red pepper, shallots, garlic, and oregano and sauté until the shallots are tender and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and simmer until it is almost evaporated, about 2 minutes.
Remove the skillet from the heat and cool completely. Stir the chopped pancetta and 2 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese into the vegetable mixture. Season the mixture, to taste, with salt and pepper.
Line a heavy large baking sheet with foil. Remove the top shell from the clams, and carefully separate the clam from the bottom shell, with a clam or paring knife. Arrange the clams on the baking sheet.
Spoon the vegetable mixture atop the clams, dividing equally and mounding slightly. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of Parmesan.
Bake until the clams are just cooked through and the topping is golden, about 10 minutes.
NOTE: If the clams won’t sit steadily on sheet pan for baking in the oven, spread a thick layer of kosher salt in the pan to stabilize the clams while cooking.In mid-August, Lesley-Anne moved again into Yale-NUS to begin her sophomore (second) year. I can not wrap my head round the truth that her freshman year got here and went identical to that. I can virtually hear the objections now. I’ve seen the suggestion that individuals simply do not try laborious sufficient to remain clean and well groomed. However ponder this – do you honestly assume that you could present as much as a job interview with a tidy haircut, a pressed swimsuit and tie, shined sneakers, a bathe fresh odor and a clean shave with no barber, a rest room, an iron and a closet? For women it is also sophisticated by social necessities to put on make-up to an interview.
For the reason that tax program attracts many fewer candidates than a few years ago, the category is smaller, and so few JD students take tax programs (what is with that? once I when to regulation college most people took no less than 2) most individuals would agree that it makes little sense to exchange everyone who retires. Once more, I have no idea that folks is not going to get replaced however within the curiosity of simple economics, I personally wouldn’t substitute them.
When you consider the agenda behind this and some research, the picture becomes a clearer. The Secretary of Training has been Arne Duncan for six years. His focus just isn’t on education however on equalizing intelligence. In spite of everything, it’s not fair that others are smarter. There is no justification for the present curriculum just like the crazy math.
Worry is a natural part of the business world. If the trail to success have been clear-lower and infallible, then everyone can be wealthy. Because it is not, everybody should cope with situations that make them anxious. There are three different ways to process and manage concern: The primary two choices will destroy your possibilities for a profitable and healthy life, while the third offers you the mindset you want to use fear to your advantage.
The School of Education has glorious assets and state-of-the-artwork analysis services, together with a psychology remark laboratory and a library that homes one of many UK’s best schooling collections. Active research kinds the inspiration of our instructing. You’re taught by academics who’re on the forefront of their fields and who concentrate on slicing-edge educational research.Full Streaming Let's Make Love in Best Video Format. Download Full Let's Make Love in HD Video. Play Streaming Let's Make Love in High Quality Video. Full Movie Streaming Let's Make Love in High Definition Format. Watch Streaming Let's Make Love in Best Look Video Format.
You can discover a complete description of Let's Make Love below:
- Original Title : Let's Make Love
- Movie title in your country : Let's Make Love
- Year of movie : 1960
- Genres of movie : Comedy, Romance,
- Status of movie : Released
- Release date of movie : 1960-10-07
- Companies of movie : Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation, The Company of Artists,
- Countries of movie : United States of America,
- Language of movie : العربية, English, Français, Deutsch, Italiano,
- Durationof movie : 114 Min
- Average vote of movie : 5.7
- Youtube ID of movie : FZ096jbSN7U
- Translation of movie : EN,FR,IT,DE,RU,PT,CS,HE,PT,RO,HU,ES,TR,
- Actors of movie :Marilyn Monroe (Amanda Dell), David Burns (Oliver Burton), Frankie Vaughan (Tony Danton), Michael David (Dave Kerry), Yves Montand (Jean-Marc Clement / Alexander Dumas), Tony Randall (Alexander Coffman), Dennis King Jr. (Abe Miller), Mara Lynn (Lily Nyles), Joe Besser (Charlie Lamont), Wilfrid Hyde-White (George Welch)
Let's Make Love is one movie manufacured by Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation, The Company of Artists, utilizing finest starring actors.
Should you have make sure you are go for movies by title Let's Make Love, you are on a proper site. Here you can view at no cost free or download it out of your mobile device by clicking on the download button. You can also watch unlimited latest movie titles totally free by registering to be member. You simply takes two minutes to join as well as numerous latest movies for free
.
Producer : Jerry Wald, Screenplay : Norman Krasna, Director : George Cukor
Of course, now you can watch movie involving Let's Make Love fully length and acquire the connection to this movie Let's Make Love in High Definition Quality.
Tags: musical,
0 Response to "Let's Make Love (1960) Download Movie"These posts are about the songs that can accurately claim to crossed the key line of chart success, becoming Top 40 hits on Billboard, but just barely. Every song featured in this series peaked at number 40.
While standing beside Art Garfunkel, Paul Simon claimed three chart-topping singles. Garfunkel’s mellifluous tenor was undoubtedly a central part of the appeal of at least two of those major hits, but there was little doubt that the chief songwriter of the pair was going to do just fine for himself when he went out on his own. And so it was, was Simon landing in the Top 5 with the lead single from his first solo release following the dissolution of the partnership. There were plenty of singles around that time that barely made an impression, at least commercially, but Simon still spent a respectable amount of time on the Billboard charts, with seven Top 40 singles in the span from 1972 to 1975. The last of those, “50 Ways to Leave Your Lover,” was a major hit, spending three weeks on the top of the chart. Simon followed that with another song that can reasonably be considered one of the standards of his impressive songbook. Remarkably, given its endurance, “Still Crazy After All These Years” was one of the least successful charting singles of Simon’s early solo career, getting no higher than #40.
Following the album Still Crazy After All These Years, Simon entered an uncharacteristically fallow period as a songwriter. While there was the occasional stray music project, five years passed between new albums (he did have another hit in the midst of that stretch, with “Slip Slidin’ Away,” a track rejected from Still Crazy that found a home as a spare enticement for well-stocked fans on Simon’s 1977 Greatest Hits release). By the time Simon was infiltrating record stores anew, it was with a the sort of multi-format media press that would make a modern pop diva proud. He didn’t just have a new album, but an accompanying major motion picture to go with it. One-Trick Pony starred Simon as Jonah Levin, a struggling singer-songwriter trying to mount a comeback as he reconnects with his estranged wife and young son. (The film also featured the proper acting debut of Lou Reed, if “acting” is really the correct term.) Something of a box office dud, the film at least contained the song that would be become Simon’s last Top 10 hit, “Late in the Evening.” The follow-up single, the exemplary title cut to the album and movie, stalled at #40. It was a reasonable forecast for Simon’s career path forward. From then on, even when he crafting some of the best music of his career (though his authorship of said music is in dispute), the kind of material that justly snags major awards, pop radio was now barely paying attention. Following “One-Trick Pony,” Simon made only one more trip to the Top 40. As with “Still Crazy After All These Years,” that final dalliance with major pop success was with a single that I suspect most music fans believe climbed higher on the chart than it actually did.
—
7 thoughts on “Top 40 Smash Taps: “Still Crazy After All These Years” and “One-Trick Pony””Archive for September, 2012
- India Vs Pakistan – the big game on September 29, 2012
- Liverpool’s 2012/2013 EPL story so far on September 28, 2012
- T20 World Cup preview : England Vs West Indies on September 27, 2012
- Different shades of Torres in Chelsea and Liverpool colours on September 27, 2012
- Was John Halsey wrong? Did Jonjo Shelvey deserve a red card? on September 24, 2012
- Will Luis Suarez shake hands with Partice Evra? on September 21, 2012
- Mother of all battles : Liverpool Vs Manchester United preview on September 20, 2012
- lndia will not win the 2012 T20 World Cup on September 19, 2012
- Four favourite teams strengths and weakness for T20 World Cup on September 13, 2012
- Will Andy Murray make US Open 2012 his maiden grand slam title? on September 6, 2012i ran into a couple problems on my tab. but that's just probably all the crap i installed on 1.0. I would recommend a full wipe
but...
if you want, you can try flashing without full wipe... it doesn't hurt... Just do a nandroid (cwm backup) first, then wipe cache, wipe dalvik, and flash it
let me know how it goes
nOOb 2.1 custom stock rom is now serving! It is based on the stock XXLB4-FOP P6810 firmware. DO NOT flash this onto a P6800 (3G) tab!!!
This might be my last custom stock rom until ICS comes out...whenever that may be... I really want ICS!!!!! lol
For version 2.1, I only made a Slim version. I'll zip up the XXLB4 bloatware and make it available in the second post later.
If enough people ask, i'll make a Full version... maybe....
Thanks & Credits:
just got my tab yesterday, and flashed this rom today. so far, i'm very, much enjoying the rom.
if you are panning to release a new version, please include the hidebar application and customizeable UA Strings for the stock browser...
Sent from my GT-P6810 using XDACalifornia Native PlantsYerba Buena Nursery [click on photo for larger version] More photos of this plant: [maximum of 3 photos displayed for print]Photo by Sonja Wilcomer Botanic Name: Mimulus cardinalis Common Name: Scarlet Monkeyflower Size: 2'h x 4'w Sun: Sun-Part Shade H20: Occ.H2O/moist Type: adults Resistance: highMore on Deer... View the List... Description: This is a beautiful orange-red flowered plant found along rivers and streams through much of California. An excellent hummingbird flower, it needs sun and water. Can be a very vigorous plant under right conditions. Tends to die back to the roots in winter, but rebounds in theReady to make the world your castle.
Watching everything we did.
On wings of knowledge you will fly;
Following your vision and rising high.
We wish you success in all you do.
Our love is with you wherever you go.
Working to make life a little simpler. We offer Book/Product Reviews, Giveaways, Recipes, and more. This Blog's For You!SPRINGFIELD — Lawmakers are moving forward with creating an exclusion list of people the Illinois Gaming Board deems shouldn could include people with a criminal history or an association with organized crime.
Illinois' Riverboat Gambling Act allows the gaming board to exclude people from casinos, but the state's Video Gaming Act does not.
The gaming board said it would help stress that video gaming is a privilege. Opponents say the list could interfere with due process.
___
The bill is SB2797Curricular Change to Improve Student Learning in Undergraduate Statistics
Abstract
Undergraduate students often leave statistics courses not fully understanding how to apply statistical concepts. In order to enhance student learning and improve the understanding and application of statistical concepts, an elementary statistics course was transformed from a lecture-based course into one that integrates technology with active and collaborative learning methods. The effect of these changes was evaluated using a combination of pre- and post-content knowledge tests. The overall results of these changes showed that student performance on the content test was higher in the redesigned classes compared to the traditional course.655 E 230 St is a apartment located at 655 E 230th St, Bronx, NY 10466, in the area is commonly known as Williamsbridge.
Built in 1940, this mid-rise elevator building is 6 stories tall and contains 54 apartments. It is owned by 655 E. 230 Associates and managed by Tommy Tor 655 E 230 St? Tell our community about your experience.
This property isn't on the market right now, but contact an agent to learn more about it and similar properties in the area.
You might also be interested in these rental buildings in the area.
Reviews of 655 E 230 St
based on 1 total ratings
The best building in the BronxMy son prefers dosa as breakfast almost everyday. So it is mandatory for me to try something different in it either by adding ingredients in the batter or adding some topping to it.Also I try to include a vegetable in the chutney. Here I have presented mini uthappams with peerkanga thogaiyal ( ridge gourd chutney) and idli podi.These uthappams looks very appealing as there are different colors in the toppings.These uthappams are perfect for a lunchbox as well .
Ingredients :
Dosa batter -500g
Chopped small onion - 10 nos
Chppped Carrot( really small)- 1 no
Fresh corriander leaves finely chopped - 1 small bunch
Idli podi to garnish on top of uthappams
Ghee or oil- for dosa
Procedure:
1. Heat the dosa pan.
2. Take some dosa batter and pour on to the pan into small and thick dosas.
3. Pour a spoon of ghee or oil around each dosa.
4. Add small onion and spread it evenly on one dosa.Similarly spread carrot and chopped corriander leaves on separate dosas.
5. Sprinkle idli podi on each dosa and turn every dosa . This adds flavor and salt to toppings as well.
6.Once they are done, remove from the pan and serve hot with podi or with any chutney of your choice.Representational Rhetorics: Understanding dispossession in Papua New Guinea
Friday 16 October
2 – 4 pm
AP 246, 19 Russell Street
West’s colloquium will be based on her forthcoming book, Representational Rhetorics: Ideology, Accumulation, and Dispossession in the Melanesian Pacific. The talk will examine some of the ways in which inequalities are produced, lived, and reinforced in today’s globalized world, and show how representational strategies with regard to Papua New Guinea are complex acts of dispossession and carefully crafted accumulation strategies as well as ideologically grounded attempts to persuade and motivate. The talk argues that there are racist logics of representation that underlie all uneven development and that Papua New Guinea is one of the places where, if we examine the various representational strategies we see there every day, we can begin to develop a more robust understanding of the ideological work that underpins the differential economic climates that capital needs for its constant regeneration.
This Anthropology Colloquium event is co-sponsored by Intersections.
Please RSVP to the Anthropology Colloquium to ensure sufficient space and refreshments for this event:"Mommy-N-Me" Mother's Day Giveaway
Hosted by CT Coupon Crazy Mommy
Co-hosted by Barbara's Beat, Michigan Saving and More, and Deliciously Savvy
Moms are the most wonderful people in the world. I know mine is. Mother's Day
Three lucky Moms will win the prizes listed below. That's a giveaway with prizes worth more than $1000.
and three Lip Plumpers
ARV $77.85
ARV $28.00
See more Thirty-One products here.
Jamberry Nail Wraps, heater, and application kit
ARV $46.50
See more Jamberry wraps here.
See the complete review
Beatrix Girls - Brayden
ARV $24.99
ARV $40
Acquablend Infuser Bottle
ARV $35.99
Bee Nourished Night Cream
ARV $60
Dish Dish Concierge Offer (Online Recipe Organizer and Bamboo Cutting Board)
ARV $49
Apothecary Extracts Tea Tree Oil
ARV $24.99
Perfectly Posh "A Peel to Me" Snarky Bar
ARV $15
ARV $12.99
Miu Color Foldable Back Pack
ARV $30.99
Frogglez Goggle for kids
ARV $22.95
Tank Sandals
ARV $19.77
Motucho Silicone BBQ Gloves
ARV $18.99
ARV $17
Here is how the prizes are divided:
First Prize is worth $544.79 and the winner will receive:
- $250 Gift Card to Derma MD and three Lip Plumpers
- and all participating bloggers are not responsible for prize fulfillment; sponsors.
6 comments :
No, I have not started shopping for mother's day yet. I did give my mom a gift card already though!
Nature loving
My mom loves baseball so curveball would be her favorite.
my mom was the greatest mom that ever live. I lost her in 2008
I would say Fun and fearless would fit my mom the best.
I have not started shopping for mothers day because don't know whats going to happen in next week or so.Alex Katz; Reflection 7, 2008; © Alex Katz, DACS, London/VAGA, New York 2016; Photograph: Paul Takeuchi The Serpentine presents the work of American painter Alex Katz, who developed his unique approach to contemporary representational painting during the height of abstract Expressionism. Since his first exhibition in 1954, Katz has produced a celebrated body of work, including paintings, drawings, sculpture and prints. His creative process was influenced by films, billboard advertising, music, poetry and his close circle of friends and family. Landscapes and portraits are marked by flatness of color and fluidity of line. The exhibition focuses on landscapes comparing past and recent artworks. The artist describes his paintings as ‘environmental’ in the way in which they envelop the viewer. IT’S THE INSTANTANEOUS LIGHT. IF YOU GET IT RIGHT THEN YOU GET IT IN THE TOTAL PRESENT TENSE – THAT’S WHAT YOU’RE GOING FOR, THAT’S ETERNITY.”- ALEX KATZ Alex Katz: Black Brook 18, 2014 © Alex Katz, DACS, London/VAGA, New York 2016; Photograph: Paul TakeuchiTREND1 Thursday, 06/29/17 04:52:17 PM Re: None Post # of 216 6/29 Micron Q3 beats estimates, OCF doubled on year; shares up aftermarket • Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) reports Q3 results with EPS and revenue beats. Revenue growth primarily due to 14% increase in DRAM selling prices and 17% increase in trade NAND sales volumes. • Non-GAAP gross margin was 48% due to lower manufacturing costs for NAND and DRAM and the lower selling prices. • CapEx was $1.27B and Micron ended the quarter with $4.93 in cash and short-term investments. Cash flow from operations more than doubled on the year to $4.9B. MAIN BOARDHERO
>>IMAGE
A.C.T.O.R. Becomes HERO
LOS ANGELES, CA (September 4, 2006) – After five years of serving many deserving men and women within the comics industry, A Commitment To Our Roots (A.C.T.O.R.) Comic Fund is changing its name. The new name, The Hero Initiative – complete with new logo – will open its doors to operate in all markets, both comics fans and general consumers alike, in its mission to raise funds to deliver assistance to comic book creators in need.Klyne Tugs wins MCA contractNews // September 7, 2001
The contract is for all year round cover and is for a period of eight years - the first two vessel will commence the winter cover during October whilst the other two will be phased in as the contracts for the two Farstad vessels comes to an end.
More articles from this categorymap~map – “For Friends This Winter”
Minimal Ambient | A tiny EP is stolen from a blog called "Dust Breeding" which I love a lot. These terribly short however mesmerizing sketches of minimal Ambient and musical processing of environmental noise are something I come back to on a regular basis. As the title already suggests, "For Friends This Winter" is quite an intimate thing, and evertime I listen to it it feels a bit like stalking someone.
map~map - "09-06-11" (MP3)
map~map- "09-11-17" (MP3)
map~map- "09-09-19" (MP3)
"Dust Breeding" is the daily blog Marc Fisher is running in his second year now. Fisher lives in beautyful Portland, is 50% of Unrecognizable Now and 100% of map~map. Very much what "blogs" used to be in the heyday of the interweb, "Dust Breeding" is about posting something every day, typically photos and a few personal words. You can find spontaneous recordings, sound experiments and jam sessions there posted, too. This is entertaining at least, inspiring and memorable at best.
"For Friends This Winter" was posted the 23. of December 2009. Six little compositions that engage you with subtle drones and cyclic motives of something that once was melody. The mood is dark chesnut with a hint of cosy russet. A wonderful and peaceful collection that goes perfectly well with Geotic or Maps and Diagrams, to name just my most recent posts in the Ambient-genre. Love.
MP3 Ambient Music Download
Download: "For Friends This Winter" (ZIP-Archive)
Artist-Website:
Release:
About the Author
This article was written on 12.
glad you like it! you might like this one too....
11. Jun 2010 at 12:50 am
Link #1
beautiful stuff. got Arctic/Antarctic too.
5. Aug 2010 at 10:05 pm
Link #2In an effort to expand Columban missions into another region of Asia and reach out to the Islamic world, the Columban Fathers made the decision to establish a presence in Pakistan.
In January 1979, the first group of Columbans, consisting of three priests, arrived in the Pakistani city of Lahore, followed a few months later by three more Columban Fathers.
Pakistan was founded in the late 1940s as a homeland for Indian Muslims, after the end of British colonial rule. Christians in Pakistan constitute a tiny minority of that country’s population, and sometimes are subject to harsh persecution and discrimination.
Since religious conversation is a highly contentious matter, the Columbans in Pakistan have focused mostly on Christian/Muslim dialogue and serving the needs of all communities in Pakistan, including Muslims, Hindus, and others.
Five Columban Sisters would join the mission in Pakistan in 1990, and in later years the mission would expand to the cities of Hyderabad and elsewhere.
Columban Fathers, Sisters, and lay missionaries continue to serve in Pakistan today under harsh conditions. Their mission there is a beacon of light in an often troubled and violent region.Coaching Management Team
Outcome: Conceptualization and facilitation of a workshop for the management of a specific high tech product. The workshop was aimed at the improvement of the product value chain, alignment of the team processess with the requirements of the market, and team building between product development, production, and sales.
Sector: Technology
Team development within a new organizational development process after IT-Outsourcing (2,500 employees).
Outcome: Development of newly formed teams constructed from three original organizational cultures. Alignment of the new emerging culture and development of the visions, strategies, and objectives of the teams and the new organization’s owners.
Sector: IT Services
Community Development of brand teams.
Concept for and facilitation of a large group (180 participants), to support the development of brand ambassador teams for an international brand campaign.
Outcome: Recruitment and development of brand teams along the criteria of teamwork, social skills, and resilience. Additional development of self-organizing skills and conflict resolution for the selected brand teams.
Sector: Fast Moving Consumer GoodsJust Peace FestivalSunday 24 September 2017, 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM The Hague city centre
The Hague will be completely swept away by the Just Peace Festival from 21-24 September 2017..
During Just Peace discover how people in The Hague are working on peace and justice and join in. Just Peace is from 21-24 September 2017 in the International City of Peace and Justice.
A selection of the many events:
Peace Run 2017
On the 24th of September the Vredesloop will take place. The running event, located around the Peace Palace, will take the participants on a unique route along historical sights and monuments. It is possible for runners to enter in different categories. Runners can register for the Kids Run 1,5 and 2,5 K, 5 K Run The Hague or a 10 K run. The charity of the Peace Run The Hague is Unicef.
The Hague International Open Day courts in the Peace Palace. One day each year, you can visit these unique institutions. This year, The Hague International Open Day takes place on Sunday 25 September.
HagueTalks
Hague Talks is a meeting place for creative minds, peace inventors and game changers in the field of peace and justice. It is a stage and breeding place for new ideas and perspectives, a forum for discussion and a starting point for concrete action.
Peace in the Park
Peace in the Park inspires citizens of The Hague to contemplate their personal relationship with peace and then practice it. Take inspiration from story time, tête-à-tête, music and a variety of other activities for young and old alike.
Enter the World of a refugee
Thankfully, most of us know about disasters and conflicts only from newspapers and TV. Such events occur elsewhere in the world, far away. In the Humanity House they bring you nearer. Embark on a journey through the museum and see, hear and experience personally what it must feel like to have to survive in an area affected by conflict or disaster.
Flags of Peace
Flags of Peace invites over forty reputable designers and artists from over forty different countries to propose their solutions to this undetermined icon. These newly created flags will be showcased at De Pier in The Hague where they will present an impression of what peace means to individuals in all corners of the world and how it should be symbolised.
Vredes Rally
Driving together for peace. GT Rally organizes the Rally for Peace for a third time in a row. Enjoy the car and the landscape. For classic and modern sportcars. Rumour has it start and finish will be at the ADO Stadium...
More about Just Peace Festival
justpeacethehague.com
No future events
There are no known future event dates available.Robocalls: Why complain? New crackdown is why, FTC says
If you are sick of unwanted automated calls, there’s a new reason announced Tuesday to add your voice to the No. 1 gripe to the Federal Trade Commission with more than 1.9 million complaints in 2017.
You’re not just piling on by letting them know robocalls are driving you nuts. You’re giving regulators the specific number and subject of the call to help the industry better block these calls before they ever get to your phone.
Agency officials said when consumers report Do Not Call or robocall violations, the numbers provided will be released each day to telecommunications carriers and their partners carrying out efforts to block the calls.
“Sharing the critical information from consumers’ unwanted call complaints to enable industry innovators to stop illegal robocalls is exactly the type of public-private partnership the FTC champions,” said Acting Chairman Maureen K. Ohlhausen.
The FTC will make available updated reports of what’s stirring up complaints, including the subject matter like debt reduction, energy, warranties, home security and so on.
It won’t solve every problem because telemarketers can change numbers and use “spoofed” or falsified ones, but federal officials said it will help make life more difficult for telemarketers not following the law.
Telemarketers are not supposed to call numbers on the Do Not Call registry or make automated sales calls without written permission. Some companies blatantly ignore these restrictions and such calls often promote scams, officials said.
Certain robocalls are allowed, such as the school district announcing classes are canceled or candidates running for office.
Report complaints here:
View Comments 0A drunk driving accident resulted in the death of the sculptor who was chosen to create the Martin Luther King Jr. statue for the Georgia Capitol. According to news reports, the artist was driving his motorcycle around 12:30 a.m. earlier this month when he stopped at the traffic light near an intersection on Jodeco Road. A Toyota pickup truck driven by a 20-year-old was traveling eastbound on the same road and slammed into the motorcycle from behind.
After being hit, the artist was thrown from his motorcycle. He was airlifted to a local hospital and hospitalized for a traumatic brain injury and skull fractures. Unfortunately, he was pronounced dead the following day. The Toyota driver has been charged with driving too closely, possession of marijuana, and driving under the influence. The artist has been a well renowned sculptor for many years and has left behind a wife and two adult children.
Damages in Georgia Personal Injury Cases
The case discussed above is particularly tragic not only because of the talent of the victim but also because of the reckless actions of the drunk driver. In cases like this, it is very likely that the victim’s family will bring a wrongful death or personal injury suit against the culpable party. Many times, the family will seek compensatory or consequential damages. Compensatory damages are generally paid to compensate the victim or their family for the harm they suffered, their injuries, and general losses. A subset of compensatory damages is consequential damages, which are damages that arise from the consequences of the defendant’s negligence. These damages often take the form of lost wages that the plaintiff suffered because of their injuries.
Punitive Damages Under Georgia Law
Under Georgia law, a plaintiff may also recover punitive damages. Unlike compensatory damages, which are used to make the victim “whole again,” punitive damages are imposed solely to punish the defendant for their egregious actions. Under Georgia’s theory of damages, punitive damages are only awarded if there is clear and convincing evidence that the culpable party demonstrated malice, fraud, or willful misconduct. The actions must have shown that the defendant consciously ignored the risk of their actions. Punitive damages may be considered in cases where the defendant was involved in a DUI accident. Georgia imposes certain limits and caps on punitive damages, depending on the particular type of case.
Have You Been Injured Because of a Drunk Driver?
If you or a loved one has been killed or injured because of a drunk driver, you may consider bringing a personal injury lawsuit against the culpable party. In situations where the defendant acted particularly recklessly, you may be entitled to punitive damages. These damages are often very difficult to obtain, and it is important that your case is thoroughly prepared. To ensure quality representation, you should contact Miller Legal Services at 770-284-3727 to schedule a free initial consultation with one of our dedicated and experienced personal injury attorneys.
See Related Blog Posts:
Georgia Court Decides Important Case Involving Uninsured Motorist Protection, Marietta Personal Injury Lawyer Blog, June 12, 2015.
Atlanta Driver Arrested After Driving Wrong Way on Highway, Marietta Personal Injury Lawyer Blog, July 8, 2015.My.
Seymour,
My office placed a decent-sized order for lunch yesterday. My co-worker picked it up as he had to pick something else up. When he returned, everyone…
2. Buffet China
1244 E Tipton StSeymour, IN 47274
3. Mark Pi's China Gate
2106 25th StColumbus, IN 47201
From Business: Mark Pi s Asian Fast Food serves Mark Pi s signature dishes in a fast casual setting. When you are craving Asian food in a hurry but do not want to sacrifice qual…
4. 1 N V China Buffett
1599 N State StNorth Vernon, IN 47265
We found4resultsWelcome to the Boardwalk. I am even-star and this is The Beer in Review. Today's beer review is for Peroni Red.
Share It!
OK so I don't know if this is really a serious beer review today but I tried a new beer (Peroni Red) and there isn't any reason why it shouldn't get a review just like all of the other poncey arty farty crafty micro brew beers I review on here.
You can see The Bear was a bit more classy and went for a cava.
Peroni Red, also as you can see, was disappointingly Not Red. But it did taste kind of red if you know what I mean. For a lager/pilsner type beer it was quite malty. Think I'll stick with Estrella next time (heyoooooo!)I am always inspired by people who leaves eternal legacies. They ignite a thought in me : What will be my legacy ?
Brâncoveanu did indeed leave a legacy. He is now a Romanian Saint after being a martyr in Constantinople. He also commenced an architectural style which is now referred to as the Romanian Renaissance style or simply the Brâncovenesc style.
Mogoșoaia Palace, or Palatul Mogoșoaia, as it is called in Romanian, is to be found about 10 kilometres from Bucharest in Romania.
The palace was named after the widow of the Romanian boyar Mogoș, who owned the land.
In 1714 Constantin Brancoveanu was executed with his entire family in Constantinopole, after refusing to convert to Islam.
The Palace is now a beautiful tourist destination, with symmetrical gardens and open spaces. I especially loved the magical rose garden !
The palace houses a museum and an art gallery, Muzeul de Artă Brâncovenească. Brâncovenesc style is found in the churches of the Monasteries of Hurezi, Râmnicu Sarat, Doicesti and Saint George’s New Church in Bucharest. Among secular buildings, the style can be found in Mogosoaia palace and the reworked Old Court. ( Wikipedia) .
Peace and harmony is what I feel when I visit the Mogosoaia Palace, outside Bucharest.
I was a bit stressed out before arriving in Romania. Coming to Mogosoaia made my heart calm again ❤
Romania has many places like these. Places that soothe our souls.
Romania has many places like these. Places that soothe our souls.
One thought on “Mogosoaia – A Brâncoveanu Legacy”
Mogosoaia is one of my favourite escape destinations so close to the city. I love the architecture, old and new mixed together in harmony. Brancoveanu’s legacy is amazing, but we should not forget that Mogosoaia is so well preserved due to an extraordinary lady who used all her money to restore the property. Martha Bibescu sold her books and invested the money to bring a Venetian architect to restore the former glory of Brancoveanu’s summer palace. So, we can admire today the palace and the surrounding buildings thanks to her effort! 🙂Home | Download | Buy | Contact UsTel: +1-703-881-3167
Company
Spiral Funds provide a robust online fundraising tool for
nonprofit groups and the Everyday Philanthropists who support them.
Problem
Company wanted to have the plug-in for IE that would be able to highlight sponsored links on every web-page user browsing. Links should be got from the server.
Solution
Besttoolbars developed Internet Explorer plugin for Spiral Funds. This solution gets links from XML configuration file on the Spiral Funds server, highlights links, when user clicks on link redirect to specific page (also gets from configuration file) and sends tracking information about the link that was clicked. Also this plug-in injects the button, dashboard and menu on every page that currently viewed.A Toledo Attorney to Defend Your LGBT Rights
Based in Toledo OH, I am a Toledo attorney hired to represent LGBT clients in their fight to be recognized, supported, valued and honored without discrimination. As an attorney with a track record of success and a vast professional knowledge, it is my objective to consult with you with dignity and respect given to your personal situation and be clear in how we will proceed to win! Without judgment or binary responses, I will gather information about your case and enhance your quality of life. When looking for a Toledo attorney to serve you in Maumee, keep in mind that I am seeking and taking on LGBT rights-based cases as priority assignments. I feel confident that we can work together to ensure a successful and equitable outcome. Your chosen attorney should be more than just a orator of facts; hire an ally.
Defending Your Top Priorities
Tell us your story without fear. The following are a list of illicit acts or experiences that you may have experienced and wish to obtain my legal services to stand up against:
- Workplace harassment, discrimination, or wrongful termination suits
- Harassment or assault in schools, nursing homes, or other community settings due to perception of gender identity or sexual orientation
- Discrimination in public settings, or denial of access to community events based on LGBT status
- LGBT patients who were denied services or mistreated in healthcare settings, including nursing homes, and/or by insurance companies
- LGBT patients with HIV or AIDS who were discriminated against
Open Doors
Let’s open doors together in the Toledo OH suburbs. Together we can make true what is stated on the Maumee, OH Web site (); “Whether you live in Maumee, work in Maumee, or are visiting Maumee, you are sure to recognize the pride we have in our community.” We will demonstrate what this can mean for us as a community, that we have pride in our diversified population. We can dispel the myth that the suburbs are designed for the more “traditional” families.
Your Unique Needs
I know that many of your distinct needs as a member of the greater LGBT community can often be misunderstood. I wish to represent accurate, complete and thoughtful defense to expand the understanding that the public and the Maumee officials have of your right to your individuality.
Obtain My Services
Act now and I will act too, to defend your right to fair treatment and equal access to housing, jobs and services. We will build a relationship based on trust, communication, connection and respect. Let’s put Maumee, OH on the map for accurate and impeccable representation of LGBT rights. Help us to help you, to help others. Let’s take a positive stance against discrimination and violence for Ohio citizens that can make a difference across our country.
Contact me today for a consultation and together we can unite to Come Out Equal and Strong in Maum.Care to guess what car this Lannister drives?
Game of Thrones is one of those shows that keep you on the edge of your seat throughout the entire episode. If you’re in the middle of catching up on the episodes we won’t ruin the show by giving away any spoilers, but Lord Tywin Lannister (Charles Dance) is a powerful man on the show and enjoys driving a powerful muscle in reality. Any guess as to what muscle car Dance has owned for the last 13 years? Nope, it’s a 1967 Ford Mustang Convertible that has been in Dance's collection for 13 years.
Classic Car Auctions (CCA) is auctioning off Dance’s Mustang Convertible and it’s a thing of beauty. The classic muscle car is expected to go for between $37,000 and $45,000. The car was used as a daily driver from 2002 until 2013, when it underwent a full restoration by Phil King of Classic American Restoration Services. The restoration included new rear wings, new floor pans and a rebuilt 4.7-liter V8. The muscle car received an impressive condition score of 113 out of 135 and is a stunning piece of American history. With 87,000 miles on the clock, this American muscle car will give you the same power as a Lannister.Every kid loves Easter right?
Even More Easter Jokes For Kids will keep your kids entertained and laughing for hours with a selection of awesome Easter Jokes.
And what does the Easter Bunny sound like when it laughs? Download and see with added Easter Bunny laughter at the Push of a Button!Crucial characteristics of website enhancement that you choose to ought to know to be a web-site proprietor
With improved competition from the present earth state of affairs, premium site improvement system isn’t any additional the Kickstarter Clone script sole undertaking. It is actually in truth the web site owner’s aggressive spirit that defines the business prospect over the world-wide-web. Web site entrepreneurs are acquiring additional demanding of their desires. Scientific tests have proven that a discerning website owner, who emphasis’s on staying special and in standing out in the rest, is most frequently the 1 to taste a quicker sure-shot-success. In truth, a lot of the countless web-sites now target on delivering anything pretty unique for its people. Despite the fact that similar product dependent internet websites abound in hundreds, uniqueness delivers points that competitor web sites will not offer you irrespective of their getting comparable in character.
It’s got now develop into pretty crucial for just a internet site operator to know the nuances of a superior website. No matter to which element of the environment you belong, you will find generally definite indispensable things that a website is necessary to possess.
Ahead of you embark in your web-site generation endeavour, maintain on your own very well educated in the vital and required functions that need to have be current on your own web-site. I have put up by far the most vital options that you simply really need to learn about your proposed internet site – so you will get it designed and designed as being a proficient and discerning internet site owner. You no longer might be still left within the mercy of application businesses.
Essential capabilities that need to have be incorporated on a effective internet site
Element 1: Home page, Privateness Plan Web site and About Us Web page
The home web site of your web page should plainly point out the products or services you intend to provide and ought to have that particular message which you consider since the most critical specialty of the service/product you supply. In marketing conditions it refers to the USP (special marketing proposition).
The privacy plan website page is often a ought to for each and every web-site. Below you can also make a declaration of the skilled ethics of one’s corporation in terms of protecting the non-public privacy of one’s prospective consumers. You’ll be able to reveal them on how their individual information might be used by your organization. You’ll be able to even guarantee them that this sort of details would by no means be misused, either by them or by a third social gathering.
The About Us Website page is an additional very essential page for your personal website. Proving genuineness towards your company and its products/services, this website page briefly outlines your business exercise and particulars other info like the call tackle of the organizations head business office, handle of branches if any, email id’s, cellular phone and fax number etcetera.
Function 2: Have Website Mapping for more intricate internet sites
Readers should not locate it tough to locate your website’s inner one-way links. There must be a simple to work with provision for searching and locating all probably information of one’s inside webpages. Possessing a website mapping performance could be the indicator of the superior internet site.
Aspect 3: Make minimal use of frames
Talk to the developers for making the minimum utilization of frames on your own web site because it can generate serious uploading challenges and may affect the scope of mass acceptance. Attempt applying AJAX the place possible.Russian President Vladimir Putin believes security issues connected with the EU expansion must not be resolved at someone's expense.
"We look upon the EU's upcoming expansion as an expression of sovereignity of the states joining the EU and comprising it," the Russian President stated, when speaking at the Russia-EU summit on Saturday. "However, neither security nor integration cannot be built at someone's expense".
Putin also pointed out that admission of new members to the European Union would create new prerequisites for Russia-EU growing cooperation.
Vladimir Putin pointed to the need to make maximum efforts in order to resolve all remaining problems, including the one of "a legal vacuum" in Russia-EU relations, till May 2004, when the European Union will admit new members.
The Russian President suggested that "the summit participants should temporarily put aside some current issues, even very important ones, to discuss and determine future development Russia-EU with Obstetrics Physician Jobs in Plainview, TX Providence St. Joseph Health Apply Now Continue To Application The application opened in a new tab. By using this feature you agree to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Details Posted: January 6, 2018 Location: Plainview, TX, Texas Salary: Open Family Medicine Physician Jobs in Portland, OR Providence St. Joseph Health Portland, OR, Oregon 6 Days Ago Family Medicine Physician Assistant or Nurse Practitioner Jobs in Colville, WA Providence St. Joseph Health Colville,As we approach the 500th anniversary of the reformation I have decided to write on one of the two biggest tenants of that movement- Sola Fide (faith alone). Martin Luther’s revolutionary idea was that we are justified by faith alone (sola fide in Latin). He was so adamant about his belief that he added the word “alone” to Romans 3:28 so that it would read:
For we maintain that a person is justified by faith (ALONE) apart from the works of the law.
In strong and, I would say, arrogant language he defended his action adding this word. He states the following:
Let this be the answer to your first question. And please give these asses no other and no further answer to their useless braying about the word sola than simply this, “Luther will have it so, and says that he is a doctor above all the doctors of the whole papacy.” It shall stay at that! Henceforth I shall simply hold them in contempt, and have them held in contempt, so long as they are the kind of people-I should say, asses-that they are.
Luther’s Works, Vol. 35, pages 185 to 189
He says “Luther will have it so”! He argues that he has the authority to add sola (alone) to this passage thus justifying his argument for faith alone. He was so vehement in his belief of faith alone that he could not comprehend or reconcile the scriptural writing of St. James’ chapter 2:14-24. There we.
It is easy to understand that by holding to a belief in faith alone how it would be difficult to acknowledge “You see that a person is considered righteous by what they do and not by faith alone”. It is appropriate to note that the only place in the scriptures “faith alone” appear together is here in James 2:24 and it says a person is considered righteous (or Justified in other scripture versions) “not by faith alone”. Instead of struggling with this Luther desired to discard James from the Canon of Scripture (among other New Testament books).
Again, in strong language he stated the following:.”].
Luther’s Works, Vol. 34, page 317
He again expresses his authority. He refers to St. James as Jimmy. He rails against the office of the Papacy (see Luther’s Works, Vol. 35, pages 185 to 189 ) but his words suggest that he considers himself the supreme authority and in a sense the Pope as he says “if they will not admit my interpretations, then I shall make rubble also of it. I almost feel like throwing Jimmy into the stove”.
I am certainly not making the argument that we are saved by “works alone”. In fact the church teaches “Our justification comes from the grace of God. Grace is favor, the free and undeserved help that God gives us” (Catechism of the Catholic Church paragraph 1996). But, I do suggest that our salvation is dependent on both faith and works. That is the Catholic belief. As Catholics we do not have to struggle with the question whether we are justified by faith or works? Because it is both! Likewise we do not have to struggle with the following passages from scripture:)
Then I heard a voice from heaven say, “Write this: Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord from now on.” “Yes,” says the Spirit, “they will rest from their labor, for their deeds will follow them.” (Revelation 14:13)
The passages that refer to “our works” impacting our salvation are too numerous to mention. But, finely I’d like to consider Matthew 25 and the parable of the sheep and the goats. In it we read from the words of Jesus that at the end of time “when the Son of Man comes in his glory” (v 31) all the nations will be gathered before him and then he will separate them “as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats” (v 32). “Then the King will say to those on his right, ‘Come, you who are blessed by my Father; take your inheritance, the kingdom prepared for you since the creation of the world” (v34).
He then goes on to explain why those on the right obtain their inheritance.35-36).
From this we can see how “our works” do impact our eternal salvation. It is certainly not by faith alone. If we continue with this parable we see the consequence of not doing charity (works) for our neighbor:.’ (v41-43)
The passages above make sense to us because we know our “works” or lack thereof do have consequences. Someone might suggest if someone fails to do these then they never really had faith in the first place. So of course for them faith alone does not apply But, that objection biblically is not sound. We read in
The writer of Hebrews lets us know in (v26) if we keep sinning (even though we have faith (v23-25) there will be a “fearful expectation of judgment and of raging fire that will consume the enemies of God” (v26-27).
As harsh as it sounds the eternal fire awaits those of us that fail to show love (do good works). This is solidly communicated in Scripture. So, Martin Luther are we justified or considered righteous by faith alone? The biblical answer is no!Product 291/313
15 Elements and 4 Pattern papers
1 Angel
1 balls
1 boot
2 bows
1 candy cane
1 cupcake
1 gift
1 light post
1 lights
1 ribbon
1 scroll
1 snowman
1 stocking
All elements in .png format.
4 Papers Tagger Size 800 x 800 saved at .jpg format
CU/PU/S4H/S4O
This product was added to our catalog on Tuesday 31 October, 2017.! -- End LinkedIn pixel code //-->
Profile Photos
1 photo
Studybooking.com is a one stop online site to offer booking services such as language courses (Teaching languages are various : English, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese, French, German and etc.,) and accommodations worldwide.Booking with us is so easy and affordable compare to other online sites and agencies. You will be notified and confirmed within 24 hours of your booking request, in addition we are pleased to assist you whenever you have trouble booking your preferred language course/accommodation.
Just feel free to browse the available language school courses and accommodations of your choice in our homepage.Registration is FREEFor more information visit our website feel free to contact us thru info@studybooking.com / contact@studybooking.comA close family friend generously offered to host Allie and John’s nuptials and garden soiree. Set at the sprawling Ladue estate, the whole day was one that radiated intimacy and a spirit of closeness.
To document the day, pictures were taken all through the property by the talented Jessa Anderson, another close friend of Allie’s who traveled to St. Louis from Michigan to be there. The ceremony was held in the sunken garden where Allie and John’s closest family and friends watched them exchange vows. To combat the July heat, guests were supplied with hand fans that echoed the design of the stationery the bride created herself. The cozy tent reception, which was situated on the other side of the manor, a short walk from the garden, overlooked the estate’s pond. The tent was bathed in the natural light of the July evening paired with the illuminated candles in beautiful gold votives. Guests enjoyed food that was handpicked by Allie and Jon and prepared by the house chef, Julie Colton. Allie and John’s involvement leading up to their wedding day speaks to the personal feel that was undeniable throughout the day.
Coordination: Mr. & Mrs. Wedding Events
Photography: Jessa Anderson //.
Hair & Makeup: Blown Away Blow Dry Bar //
Florals: Les Bouquets //
Rentals: Premier Party Rentals //.Who are ForexTime (FXTM)?, keep up with market news, experience trading conditions of the highest calibre and so much more.
Why choose ForexTime (FXTM)?
Need a forex broker that you can rely on?.
Among other regulatory bodies in various jurisdictions, Forex Time is regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (CySEC), and registered with the UK FCA.
Best MT4 Forex Broker
October 31: More than 40 protesters blocked the main entrance to Maribyrnong detention centre after a 42year-old Tamil man lost his application for an injunction in the Federal Court. He was due to be deported to Sri Lanka, where his life was at risk.
The group prevented any police vehicles from entering the detention centre and thoroughly checked all other vehicles before allowing anyone to pass the blockade. They clashed as with police as police tried to move vehicles in and out of the facility.
The man won a court hearing on the day he was due to be deported allowing him to stay in Australia until another court hearing in January.
AdvertisementsBANKING & FINANCE
Mason B. Hardy, vice president at Creative Financial Strategies in Columbia, has earned the certified financial planner designation.
CONSTRUCTION
Miller-Valentine Construction in Columbia has hired Trey McDaniel as a project manager, Bill McKinney as a construction superintendent, and Jessica Vencill as a project assistant.
Never miss a local story.
GOVERNMENT
Columbia Mayor Steve Benjamin has been named Public Servant of the Year by the National Action Network.
LAW
Lee Ellen Bagley, an associate with Gaffney Lewis and Edwards in Columbia, has graduated from the S.C. Bar’s Leadership Academy.
Elliott B. Daniels has joined Murphy & Grantland in Columbia as an associate.
NONPROFIT
Matt Montgomery, a project manager with LCK in Columbia, has been named to the board of directors of The Cooperative Ministry.( Part No : 3, Page No: 184)
( Part No : 3, Page No: 185)
The Attribute of Descent
( Part No : 3, Page No: 186)
The second question of Fatwa No. 1643
Q 2: I had a discussion with a person educated in modern sciences. He was a teacher at the university of Abidjan, Ivory Coast. He said:
“Your Lord descends during the last part of every night to the lowest heaven.”
I told him that there is no doubt about that and I completed the Hadith for him. He said: “If this is true, then it means that your Lord does not rise over the throne as mentioned in the Qur’an: Surah TaHa, 20: 5
The Most Gracious (Allâh) rose over (Istawâ) the (Mighty) Throne (in a manner that suits His Majesty).
The last part of the night exists continuously on the earth according to the rotation of the earth around itself with Allah’s Might until the Day of Judgment.” Then I stopped talking.
A: There is no contradiction between the descent of Allah (may He be Exalted) to the first heaven in the last third of every night in different areas and His Istiwa’ (Allah’s rising over the Throne in a manner that befits Him). He (may He be Exalted) is not similar to His creation in any of His Attributes. He can descent as He wills in a way that suits His Majesty during the third part of the night to every country.
( Part No : 3, Page No: 187)
Doing so does not contradict His Loftiness and His Istiwa’. We do not know the manner of His Descent or the manner of His Istiwa’. This is exclusively for Him alone. As to creatures, it is impossible for them to descend at a place and be in another place at the same time. But Allah (may He be Exalted) is above all things Potent. No one is to be compared or measured to Allah. Allah (may He be Glorified and Exalted) says:Surah Al-Nahl, 16: 74
So put not forward similitudes for Allâh (as there is nothing similar to Him, nor He resembles anything).
,Surah Al-Shura, 42: 11
There is nothing like Him; and He is the All-Hearer, the All-Seer.
It becomes clear from what we have mentioned that there is no contradiction between His descent and His Istiwa’ and that the difference of countries have no effect in this point.
May Allah guide you and us to what pleases Him and grant us understanding and realization of the truth. He is the answerer of invocations!
May Allah grant us success! May peace and blessings be upon our Prophet Muhammad, his family, and Companions!
Permanent Committee for Scholarly Research and Ifta’SU6089 : Drive to a courtyard
taken 8 years ago, near to Wallingford, Oxfordshire, Great Britain
Drive to a courtyard
Drive leading to a parking courtyard at the back of the new housing along Castle Street Wallingford
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- SU6089, 939 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- Bill Nicholls (find more nearby)
- Date Taken
- Sunday, 10 January, 2010 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Sunday, 24 January, 2010
- Category
- Drive (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
SU 607 896 [100m precision]
WGS84: 51:36.1289N 1:7.4291W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
SU 607<<You are here : Doughty Engineering
: Couplers/Clamps (Aluminium)
: Supaclamp
: Supaclamp - Pins
A selection of snap in lighting pins manufactured in Stainless Steel.
These spigots snap into any standard Supaclamp.
Material: Stainless Steel
For Supaclamps click here.
For other Snap In Spigots click here.
For price and availability contact your nearest Dealer - click here for our Dealer Locator
Part No:
G1165: 16mm Snap in PinG1166: 12mm Snap in PinG1167: 10mm Snap in PinJust.
We are a small all volunteer NGO Humanity Road has been instrumental in helping us achieve our objectives. They are a first class ethical organization.
Thank you Humanity Road for helping us help others.
Captain Mark Drewelow
Founder, YachtAid Global.
Have had a brief time working with Humanity Road and must say the people are amazing. They very much care about the world and the events that affect others around the world. I have been very thankful to have met them and continue to work with them in many aspects. thank you for the great work all of you do.
Humanity Road (HR) is a unique not for profit organisation that remain steadfast and focused on what they are good at - 'closing the black hole of communication' by linking disaster affected communities to the emergency response organisations.
As a volunteer, i can attest to the fact that at Humanity Road, they matched words with action. In fact, i witnessed a moment where HR volunteers monitored three tropical storms, three hurricanes, two earthquakes and two disaster exercise within 48 hours.
HR volunteers are always eager to provide help, train volunteers and make a difference.!
I have worked with HumanityRoad for a number of years. During this time, I have managed a number of disasters and planned events.
Humanity Road has consistently been involved on a global scale while maintaining their interest in what happens locally.
Humanity Road is an excellent Non-Profit.
As a student , the ways in which I am being benefitted from being a part of this organization are:-
1) Practical and global exposure to what I am learning in class
2)Work at my convenience
3) Systematic training provided periodically or as per request.
After Hurricane Sandy in NYC our team of designers had a chance to work with Humanity Road, who were in the midst of supporting the most vulnerable citizens in New York City. HR gave us invaluable information about the immediate needs of rescue workers in a crises. Our product development benefitted greatly. They have continued to support and help our efforts by connecting us to people in different countries that do first responder work. HR are organized, compassionate and up to date with communication strategies and needs for emergency workers.
Humanity Road is a dedicated non-profit with a global volunteer network. Their training, tools, and support are fantastic and the volunteers are vigilant in producing accurate and reliable information during times of disaster and crisis. With Humanity Road there will always be someone there to respond and help those in need!
Humanity Road fills a unique niche in the demand for digital information around the globe when disaster strikes. No one provides such vital detailed information during times of crisis as Humanity Road. The efficiency and effectiveness of this organization is simply outstanding. I urge you to find a way to support them with donations or exposure. Find them on Facebook, like them and share Humanity Road's page.
Humanity Road is a very special organization driven by very special people. I joined the team as a volunteer in the wake of the recent Nepal earthquake. Since then, I have been trained in various activities of the organization. I have realized that Humanity Road fills a critical gap between formal disaster response systems and real-time deployments. Using technology as an essential tool, Humanity Road has been of commendable service in situations where prompt interventions are needed. The work they do is outstanding, and the dedication of the team to an urgent need is remarkable.
As an expert in HADR Radio Communications I truly understand the power of swift and clear communications. Humanity Road is one of the most inspiring and relevant non profits that exist in this sector today. Their obvious passion for helping people during the humanitarian disasters is equal only to the extraordinary results they achieve when they "deploy". The aggregated data that is collected via the various sources of social media they analyse helps guide the big organisations more efficiently in helping the affected people. However they also live and die by the adage that they must always keep the human in humanitarian relief, it may all be online but it always more about the people.
As a Pacific Disaster Center representative I worked with Humanity Road (HR) staff in an exercise environment supporting a multination disaster response exercise. The HR staff were clearly experts in their field. PDC looks forward working with HR in the future on real or exercise environment disaster response.
Respectfully,
Lara Payne
Pacific Disaster Center
HR is working in an Industry Consortium called the Network Centric Operations Industry Consortium (NCOIC) to advance interoperability in our Rapid Response Incubator. These efforts hope someday to enable all parties involved in disasters, from victims to governments, front line to back office, even gamers and social networkers, to operate at their best in a secure-enough fashion to speed and lower the cost of response. Remember, we could all become the victims at any moment, if things go badly. HR is there, wherever there is..
I believe Humanity Road will play a growing and ever more important role helping us all adapt to and leverage this trend as their ecosystem of partners and subscribers grows.We aspire to be the global wire
At TSGW, we aim to scale the heights of excellence. While we recognise that honesty and integrity are essential ingredients of a strong and stable enterprise, we believe profitability provides the main spark for economic activity. Consistent with the vision and values of Tata Steel, we strive to strengthen our industrial base through effective utilisation of staff and materials. The means envisaged to achieve this are best in technology and high productivity, consistent with modern management practices.
We must conduct our business fairly, with honesty and transparency. Everything we do must stand the test of public scrutiny.
We must constantly strive to achieve the highest possible standards in our day-to-day work and in the quality of the goods and services we provide.
We must work cohesively with our colleagues across the group and with our customers and partners, to build strong relationships based on tolerance, understanding and mutual cooperation.
We must be responsible and responsive to the countries, communities and environments in which we work, always ensuring that what comes from the people goes back to the people many times over.
We will be bold and agile, courageously taking on challenges, using deep customer insight to develop innovativeness.Shaykh Yasir Qadhi write: More
Why I Am Against Getting Muslim Holidays Recognized On Public School Calendars
I.” More
We Need More Shows Like MBC’s Omar
I). More
Shaykh Abdal Hakim Murad Releases Nursery Rhyme Book for Children: “Montmorency’s Book of Rhymes”
Sh
Habib Ali al-Jifri on Nelson Mandela
Rapper Naim Owens Response to “#Mipsterz Somewhereinamerica”
Muslims help in rebuilding efforts in the aftermaths of the devastating Colorado floods
A:.
Al-Shabab terrorist attack in Kenya has nothing to do with Islam and everything to do with War and Politics in Africa
)Financial Foundations: Part 7 – Budgeting
This is the seventh of ten posts describing the key pillars of building a strong financial foundation. Read the introduction here. Check back each Monday for the next post in the series
Many people cringe at the word budget. They don’t like the idea of having their spending planned out for them or not being able to spend as they please. In my mind though, budgets are extremely important and aren’t set in stone. As your life changes, so does your budget or spending plan. Even if you don’t stick to a budget all the time it is helpful for you to at least build the framework of one as the basis for how you handle your finances.
I consider the excel file that I use to track my finances my “budget” file. In this file there is everything from my spending tracker to my net worth calculator. I have tabs that show me my progress on meeting my saving and investing goals, as well as tabs that have goals for the year. By having all of my financial information in one place, I can easily chart my progress and plan my future.
Try Out a System
While I use a spreadsheet to track my finances, there are a lot of other ways to do it. Some people use a program such as Quicken or a website like Mint.com. Other people do everything by hand on paper. Whatever you choose to do, stick with it for a while and see if it works for you. You may realize after a while that spending more time focused on thinking about your money is all you really need to stop your bad spending habits.
I’ve even heard of people that use cash in envelopes labeled for different types of expenses. In that case, when the “fun” envelope is empty you have to wait till you refill it or cut back in another area like “groceries” or “housing”. This kind of system would be extremely helpful for anyone trying to stop using credit cards.
Determine Your Cash Flow
Before setting up a monthly budget it is helpful to determine you monthly cash flow. Figure out how much money you get paid after taxes each month. Then subtract any retirement or future savings. This is your useable positive cash flow.
Next, determine all of your recurring monthly expenses (housing, utilities, etc.). Then estimate your other expenses such as food, medical and transportation. Add everything up and this would be your total expenses. If you have been tracking your expenses line by line you can summarize the past months to get a better look at the amount of money going out the door.
Take your monthly income minus your monthly expenses. Hopefully this number is positive and you are spending less than you earn. You now have the basic framework for a budget.
Plan a Month of Spending
Pick the 1st of the month or another day of the month and figure out what all of your expenses are going to be for the next 30 days. Lay out every category you spend money on and put an exact value in each one. If you want a template you can use this one or a more advanced one from mint.com.
As the month goes on, track what you spend in each category. Don’t adjust how much you budgeted though. Try to stay below budget in every category. The months where I have created a budget and strictly stuck to it are the months where I ended up spending the least amount of money. When I don’t use a budget I just spend money on whatever I feel like and don’t have any clue how much I’ve spent until the end of the month when I track the expenses.
Do What Works for You
In the end, some people will love budgeting and charting their progress. Other people will complain that it is a pain to keep track of and that it doesn’t help them. I recommend that you try multiple ways of budgeting and do what works best for you. Without taking the first step and setting up a budget, you may go through life spending money wastefully on possessions and experiences that don’t truly matter to you. Build a budget and your future self will thank you.
Financial Foundations SeriesHello, Guest!
Member’s Local Time
USA-EST
UK
South Australia
► Your Personal Poetry Quote
Latest topics
Most Viewed Topics
River Beauty
River Beauty
Sitting at the marina early in the morning
late past midnight artistically dawning
colours of the sky unfolding by the minute
purples pinks and yellow a heavenly pallette
Early morning mist along the banks does drift
reeds and wildlife revealed as it starts to lift
Wood ducks wild ducks every where around
siting tight on their nest hardly making sound
Kookaburras laughing as the wrens twist and turn
Ravens in the willows watching out for worms
Peace and tranquility surrounding riverglen
until speedboats and kneeboarders come flying round the bend
Kookaburras silent their discovery they now fear
as people in the water charge around and cheer
River wrens return to their nests to sit and hide
as the wild life on the river yearns for quite time
Evening in its glory returns with glowing sun
people with their boats and boards return to where their from
Kookaburras war cry rings around the trees
as the river wrens and raven twist and play in breeze
© by Sue McDonald................22/02/12
Sue McDonald
- Author
- Posts : 662
Author Credits : 1173
Accolades : 16
Join date : 2010-10-13
Age : 60
Location : Murray Bridge, Adelaide S.A.
-
Re: River Beauty
superb expression of a evening by the river..love it and i could stare at the picture for ages.....
Well done Sue!
Well done Sue!
Lucie
- Author
- Posts : 979
Author Credits : 1556
Accolades : 95
Join date : 2011-05-29
-
Re: River Beauty
You've written a poem that captures my heart, and your photo looks as though it might have been taken at my boyhood home in Maryland. I love the natural images and characters you use to tell your story. Very well done. Thanks for sharing.
mikeschultz
- Posts : 503
Author Credits : 942
Accolades : 13
Join date : 2011-11-11
Age : 64
Location : Crooksville, OH
-
Re: River Beauty
A brilliant piece Sue....so lovely to sit by the riverside and watch the wildlife any time of day. Wish I was there....
jinettyx
- Author
- Posts : 788
Author Credits : 981
Accolades : 33
Join date : 2011-09-20
-
Re: River Beauty
Aw Sue, The river one of my favourite places to be sitting on the banks or floating on a boat and moving slowly through the countryside. The sounds, smells (sometimes with manured fields Pooooo) and sights love it all.
The poem says it all very good Sue.
The poem says it all very good Sue.
Re: River Beauty
I love the description of the river and wildlife. They seem to come alive thru your poem.
Little Owl
- Author
- Posts : 95
Author Credits : 107
Accolades : 29
Join date : 2012-03-29
Location : Lakeland, Florida
-
Re: River Beauty
thankyou everyone, such beautiful positive feedback
Sue McDonald
- Author
- Posts : 662
Author Credits : 1173
Accolades : 16
Join date : 2010-10-13
Age : 60
Location : Murray Bridge, Adelaide S.A.
-
» Beauty vs. Brains
» Gerard Butler's Belly Will Be the End to Hollywood's Beauty Double Standard
» Strigany River Pirates
» I am delighted BEAUTY SRPKINJA
» The Only Water in the Forest is River
» Gerard Butler's Belly Will Be the End to Hollywood's Beauty Double Standard
» Strigany River Pirates
» I am delighted BEAUTY SRPKINJA
» The Only Water in the Forest is RiverSynopsis:
.
***NO SPOILERS***
Gosh damn… This book was heartbreakingly beautiful. I cannot count the times that it made me cry (from happiness, or sadness, or a special mixture of both that only a few books have evoked on me) or the times when I sat, lost for words because the book was truly wonderful and I do consider it a favourite of this year thus far.
Fisher dealt with some incredibly difficult subjects – death (by murder), divorce, and of course mental illness which is the main drive behind the book.
Olivia as a character was incredible, you could really relate to her – there was a few times when her pain actually rang something deep inside my heart and I felt actual pain for what she was feeling. She was very easy to empathize with due to the very mature way in which she handled things – dealing with your first love’s death and thinking that it was at the hands of your own mother in my opinion warrants some of the whining that sometimes occurred. She had an incredible relationship with her mother, which actually made me cry happy tears nearing the end of the book.
The novel gradually unwound in a manner I found delightful, whilst the beginning was entirely detail-based world building; the plot progressed to an action-filled story brimming with suspense (with some plot twists that I did not see coming) and which is eventually wrapped up in a pleasing way with no questions left unanswered (although I do wish there was more written – purely because of my curiosity as to what happens to her in the future).
I would highly recommend this book to any fans of paranormal mysteries, and will personally be looking to read more of Ellison’s writing as I fell in love with her eloquent style.
My Rating: 5/5 Stars
“Maybe the heart is an organ on constant ready, always waiting to try again, always open to the next best thing”
–OliviaWildlife Snowy owls wintering in US fitted with tiny tracking devices Associated Press • Dec 24, 2017 at 2:30 PM. "There is still a lot that we don't know about them ... but we aim to answer the questions in the next few years," said Canadian biologist Jean-Francois Therrien, a senior researcher at Hawk Mountain Sanctuary in Pennsylvania. The solar-powered transmitters can last for years, collecting information such as latitude, longitude, flight speed and air temperature that is downloaded to a server when the birds fly into range of a cell tower. The use of transmitters, which intensified during the last North American mass migration in winter 2013-14, already has yielded big surprises. Instead of 300,000 snowy owls worldwide, as long believed, researchers say the population likely is closer to 30,000 or fewer. The previous estimate was based on how many might be able to breed in a given area. That calculation was made assuming snowy owls acted like other birds, favoring fixed nesting and wintering sites. But researchers discovered the owls are nomads, often nesting or wintering thousands of miles from previous locations. The miscalculation doesn't necessarily mean snowy owls, which can grow to about 2 feet long with 5-foot wingspans, are in decline. Scientists simply don't know because they never had an accurate starting point. This month, snowy owls were listed as vulnerable — one step away from endangered — by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. They're protected in the U.S. under the Migratory Bird Act. This year's mass migration is a bit of good news. Researchers once thought these so-called "irruptions" signaled a lack of prey in the Arctic, but now believe the opposite: Breeding owls feed on lemmings, a rodent that lives under Arctic snowpack and whose population surges about every three or four years. More lemmings means the owl population explodes— and that more birds than usual will winter in places people can see them. But researchers worry that climate change will affect the owl population because lemmings are exceptionally sensitive to even small temperature changes. Lemmings "depend on deep, fluffy, thick layers of insulating snow" to breed successfully, said Scott Weidensaul, director at Project SNOWstorm, an owl-tracking group whose volunteers have put transmitters on more than 50 snowy owls in the past four years . The snowy owl population collapsed in Norway and Sweden in the mid-1990s, all but vanishing there for almost two decades before reappearing at lower numbers, experts said. In Greenland, where the population collapsed in the late 1990s, researchers found a few nests in 2011 and 2012 after six years with no recorded nests, but owls didn't come back in 2016 or 2017, when lemmings should have been peaking. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported this month that the far northern Arctic is warming twice as fast as the rest of the globe. But it's tough to assess lemming population trends in remote areas. Although researchers hope to enlist native villagers to help, it's mostly up to owls with transmitters for now. Snowy owls somehow seem to find lemmings even if they are thousands of miles from where their population last peaked, Therrien said. "They look around the Arctic," he said. "The movement is amazing to watch on a map: There are no straight lines. They're zigzagging." Norman Smith, a snowy owl expert with Mass Audubon in Massachusetts, said he's heartened that many independent researchers worldwide joined forces to share information on snowy owls. "It's amazing what we've learned, but we need a bigger database of birds," said Smith, who has been trapping owls at Boston's Logan International Airport for more than 35 years and fits them with a leg band or transmitter before letting them go. He put a satellite tracker on an owl for the first time in 2000, proving that they could make it back to the Arctic. Last week, Smith released a young female on a barrier beach along the Atlantic Ocean. It flew south, then circled back and flew overhead. As he drove over a bridge to the mainland, the owl was sitting on a post, surveying its new winter home. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Menlo Park, CA (April 23, 2002) - The first of four vaulting team selection trials is completed. Several hopeful teams left the Menlo Park Training Center without the qualifying score they had hoped for. Judges Adrienne Stang (FEI O) and J. Ashton Moore (FEI O) presided over this one day event.
Five teams entered the competition and anxiously awaited the results. In the first round of compulsories every team struggled with the technical aspects of these required exercises. They each fell short of the required 7.0 qualifying score. Each vaulter, coach and longeur was aware that only an exemplary score in the freestyle round would be enough to raise their final score into the range which could be submitted to USA Equestrian for consideration to represent the United States at the World Equestrian Games (WEG) in Jerez, Spain in September. The competition was still wide open; less than one point separated the teams.
Only two teams were successful. The F.A.C.E. (Free Artists - Creative Equestrians) team of Moorpark, CA ruled on this day with the outstanding freestyle score of 8.810. The score was more than a point above the nearest competitor and enough to bring the team from third place position after compulsories to win the overall competition with a comfortable margin. F.A.C.E. was the AVA National Championship team in 2001 and represented the United States at the World Vaulting Championships in Mannheim, Germany in 2000. The team is coached by Devon Maitozo, men's world vaulting champion in 1998. The team horses Balanchine and Marshall carried them to victory.
Coastline Vaulters of Santa Cruz, CA is a relatively new club and the first year they have applied to represent the United States in a World Championship. The team is coached by Katariina Alongi of Finland, who has raised the bar for these vaulters. This is the second year they have competed in the A Team arena and they received a credible second place-finish after compulsories with a score of 6.767. Coastline's third place finish in the freestyle round with a score of 7.280 placed them just behind the Woodside Vaulters of Woodside, CA. Coastline's combined compulsory and freestyle scores earned with their horse, Caneel, were enough to edge out the Woodside Team and finish second overall at the end of the competition.
Three additional team selection trials are scheduled before the close on June 9, 2002. They will be held: May 5th at Flying Cloud Farm in Petaluma, CA; May 18th at The Garrod Farms in Saratoga, CA; and June 1-2 at Equestrian Performance Center, Moorpark, CA. These will be the only opportunities for the teams to acquire the three required qualifying scores.
Individual vaulters also had an opportunity to earn potential qualifying scores. Mari Inouye (18) of Palo Alto, CA lead the field of twelve women. She finished first overall with a score of 8.528. Inouye represented the Sundance Team with their horse, Faustus owned by Phoebe Cooke of Woodside, CA. Seven other women also earned scores of seven or higher to submit to USA Equestrian. They were: Jill Main (19), Samantha Smith (16), Julie Keville (19), Pam Geisler (24), Melissa Williams (18), Megan Benjamin (14) and Jessica Ballenger (19). Only Geisler and Inouye have represented the United States in previous world vaulting championships as individual competitors.
In the men's division all five competitors received scores above the seven point required score. Devon Maitozo (26) was the winner with a score of 8.273 just in front of Kenny Geisler (21) who placed second with a score of 8.445. Blake Dahlgren (17), Adrian Matsomoto (17) and Christopher Littmann (18) also earned scores which can be submitted to USA Equestrian for WEG consideration. Erik Martonovich of Golden, CO was entered in the competition, but withdrew after truck problems prevented the transportation of his horse Doc to the CA facility.
Overall results appear below. Full results can be found at:.
A Team Overall
1. F.A.C.E. 7.680
2. Coast Line 7.024
3. Woodside 6.920
4. Mt. Eden 6.899
5. Tambourine 6.139
Gold Overall - Men
1. Devon Maitozo, FACE 8.723
2. Kenny Geisler, Diamond Bar 8.445
3. Blake Dahlgren, FACE 8.071
4. Adrian Matsumoto, FACE 7.634
5. Chris Littmann, FACE 7.073
Gold Overall - Women
1. Mari Inouye, Sundance North 8.528
2. Jill Main, Woodside 7.955
3. Samantha Smith, Pacific Coast 7.932
4. Julie Keville, Tambourine 7.889
5. Pam Geisler, Diamond Bar 7.830
6. Melissa Williams, Coast Line 7.643
7. Megan Benjamin, Mt. Eden 7.407
8. Jessica Ballenger, Mt. Eden 7.347
9. Meghan Logan, Coast Line 6.926
10. Becky Hall, Mt. Eden 6.916
11. Leslie Hamar, Showtime 6.823
12. Ginny Kaufmann, Mt. Eden 6.508.Glasgow Commonwealth Games: Lack of preparation no issue for athletics coach
Not ideal: Short on practice, elite Indian athletes head to the Commonwealth Games with hopes of podium finishes. Will the lack of preparedness hamper them in Glasgow? Chief coach, Bahadur Singh, doesn't think so.other Updated: Jul 19, 2014 15:37 IST
At a time when Dani Samuels was stamping her class, she set a personal best of 66.81m, in women's discus at the Australian national championships at Melbourne in April, India's top women discus throwers, Krishna Poonia and Seema Antil (Poonia), were busy losing weight after a not-so-good off-season.
Dani, one of the favourites at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, further polished her skills by participating in the Shanghai Diamond League in May, winning silver with a throw of 67.89m.
In comparison, defending champion Krishna and Seema failed to cross the 60m mark this season. The duo missed the inter-state meet at Lucknow in June and preferred to compete in low-key events in the US in preparation for the Commonwealth Games, which begin on July 23.
Will the lack of preparedness hamper them in Glasgow? Chief coach, Bahadur Singh, didn't agree. "After the domestic meet in June, those bound for Glasgow had to undergo a fitness test in the national camp. It served the purpose ahead of the major competition," he told HT.
Barring the US-based Vikas Gowda, the discus thrower participated in several events in the build-up to Glasgow, other top Indian athletes didn't get the privilege.
For them, the season began on a low key. The Indian Grand Prix and Asian Grand Prix were cancelled, which denied them a chance to evaluate their performance. The national inter-state in June was the only chance most of them got to showcase their skills.
If the chief coach is to be believed, these issues will not be a disadvantage. "The performance of the contingent will be better away from the home turf," he said.
On excluding the men's 4x100m relay squad and triple jumper Renjith Maheswary from the CWG squad, Bahadur said their performance wasn't up to the mark. Incidentally, the relay team had won bronze at the 2010 edition in Delhi. Maheswary, according to him, could not clear the fitness test.
Meanwhile, even as the first batch reached Glasgow, the Athletics Federation of India (AFI) announced a 32-member squad for the Games. Initially, AFI had shortlisted over 40 athletes but the final list was pruned to 32.I am Ann. Since Ann Marie does not know us, this will be new to her, but the rest of you know who I am.
I am the oldest sister to Marie and Dorine, and cousins to the rest of the Dorinda group. I started quilting when I was living with our grandparents in 1964. After I started my family, I only made baby quilts for a lot of years. Now I am fully involved with the Daughters of Dorinda and am loving doing family projects and projects of my own. I have been married to my husband for 42 years. We have 5 children, 4 girls and boy (women and a man) and within the next 10-12 weeks our 12th grandchild will be born. This baby is a girl and will round out the count at 6 of each. Our oldest daughter lives in Washington State, and her 4 children are 10-18. The boys on the ends and 2 girls in between. The rest all live within 70 miles of us. Our second daughter has 1 little boy and the new baby coming. Our third daughter has 4 children, 3 girls and a boy. Our son does not have any children, but has LOTS of horses. And our youngest daughter has 2 boys, 3 & 4 -years old.
My career has been in nursing, and I specialized in the Emergency Department. The last 6 years of my career I was the clinical educator for the department at our local hospital. I retired just over a year ago, and my addiction to quilting has become full blown. Since this is probably the last grandchild we will have, I am now working on queen-size to give to each of the grandchildren. I started with a graduation quilt for the oldest grandson, so that will probably be where I will get the quilts to them.
I am going to do a country theme, either in fall colors or a winter landscape, and I plan to use fabric from my stash to do as much as I can. Might as well trim it down and have fun doing it.
65 Quilted Doll Quilts & 5 Knit Doll Blankets
13 minutes ago
1 comment:
I look forward to seeing, first, if you chose fall or winter, and, second, who gets this quilt!PUT-IN-BAY, Ohio -- A sheriff in northern Ohio and state investigators are looking into allegations of misconduct against police in the Lake Erie island resort town of Put-in-Bay.
The sheriff in Ottawa County says his office is investigating numerous complaints about police on South Bass Island.
Some of the complaints from island residents and business owners have been about what they say are heavy-handed tactics and unlawful arrests by police.
Put-in-Bay police Chief Ric Lampela tells The Blade newspaper in Toledo that he's confident his department has done nothing wrong.
He says he welcomes the investigation.
MORE : Put-in-Bay | Bat manager accused of raping coworker
The Put-in-Bay police department has a small year-round staff, but hires a number of seasonal officers to deal with the busy summer tourist season.
Do you ever find yourself really fighting with things a lot? Injustice, stupidity, tradition, inequality, bigotry, just plain rudeness? I do, at least in my head at times, and it’s really a pain.
We definitely need to fight things sometimes, unless you’re lucky enough to have other people do your fighting for you. I’ve definitely come to appreciate that there is no progress without destruction, and sometimes there isn’t a nice way to say that. When your Church or Mosque wants your kind of person dead or “cured”, and you can’t escape it, you objectively need that aspect of your Church or Mosque destroyed (not to mention what the kids left imprisoned there need). When ignorance blights people’s lives, it needs to be destroyed. In Nature itself, destruction is a part of growth. We didn’t come to understand the universe as well as we do without destroying the beliefs of a previous age.
Nevertheless, unless it is the right time, the right place, the right battle, fighting is a real drain on energy and attention, and your quality of life. Sometimes you have to fight before you can live, but a lot of the time it is possible to fight so constantly that you forget what living actually is. Unless it really is right for you, in that time and that place, then while you are fighting you are not living your own life.
When I went to my first big Pagan festival I met a guy who had come along just to see what it was like, a very smart and likeable guy. He showed me this thing from some kind of martial arts training. What he did was he held onto my wrist, and told me that I just had to lift my hand up and touch my forehead, while he tried to stop me, and I should try to not get distracted by anything he did. As I lifted my hand he tried to push, pull and force my hand this way and that, but eventually I brought my hand to my forehead. He said I had done very well, as most men struggled with fighting the interference, whereas I had just kept going towards the goal, which made it more difficult for him to interfere with (whereas if I had reacted and struggled with his interference I would have got caught up in that rather than getting to my forehead). At the time I remember that I was aware that he was exerting all these forces this way and that, but I just imagined that there was an invisible path up to my forehead (I think he told me to think of it something like that), and I headed for that, constantly, slowly, not compensating for the interference, just gently keeping on going.
I don’t find that kind of thing difficult, because it is physical. I’ve never once had a physical fight in my life. I physically cannot work out how to punch someone. My instinct is to yield. But when it gets up into your head, and people have been deliberately hurtful, or unjust, or done something that they just knew they could get away with, then I want to breathe fire, and believe me, I am capable of ill will that makes Bellatrix Lestrange look like Mary Poppins. But remember the invisible path – it applies here too. Especially with people who deliberately cause hurt; they expect a reaction, they feed off hurt, or humiliation, and that involvement is what keeps you from walking past the person who has just attacked you, or dumped on you. Like they say, “don’t feed the troll”.
Even with other things, far bigger than toxic troll syndrome, far more entrenched in injustice, we have to ask ourselves, in this case, am I fighting something it is personally right for me to fight at this time, to the extent that is appropriate? Am I being dragged off my path, draining my energy and attention, and is this a conscious decision or a reaction? Is it my way to fight right now, to make a difference for a good reason, or is it taking me away from my way. And as I have the choice, do I instead choose to follow the gently drifting path, on my way.Getting rid of stomach fat is actually notoriously hard. This is because most people do the incorrect workout routines. When people come to a decision that they will get healthy, the belly is usually the first goal. What a lot of people do not understand is that performing sit ups, crunches and also other abdominal training methods tend to be useless for eliminating abdominal fat. If your goal is getting rid of abdominal fat then you have to be doing aerobic type training.
This kind of training increases the metabolism which uses up more calories. This is just what you need with regard to burning fat anyplace on the body. Sit ups, start up crunches along with other types of stomach exercise tend to be muscle building exercises which are widely-used to build muscle tissue in the abdominal area.
They may be great if you wish to get a 6-pack and have already lost all the body fat around your own stomach. If you still have excess fat around your stomach though, these kind of exercise are pointless. You need to concentrate on eliminating belly fat before building muscle.
There isn't any magic bullet to getting rid of belly fat since you can't in fact decide on what element of the human body you're going to lose weight from and 9 times out of ten, the actual tummy will probably end up being the final portion of the physical structure where you will shed excess weight.
For this reason you should certainly lose body fat from everywhere on your body. It's really a steady process and it isn't going to happen overnight which is why it is essential to remain motivated. Did you know those who sign up to a weight-loss newsletter tend to be more than 7 times more likely to shed pounds simply because they remain driven?
Any person can easily learn how to loose belly fat or even how to get rid of stomach fat. Grasping how to get six pack abs however is a different story and proves a great deal tougher for numerous folks.T
Thornett Alan
- Details
- Hits: 5427
Alan Thornett
Alan Thornett was born near Oxford in 1937, aged fifteen he left school to work on a farm for 10d an hour. Later he enlisted for three years in the army before starting work in the Morris car plant at Cowley,
While at Pressed Steel Thornett joined the Communist Party in late 1959 and became a TGWU shop steward in 1963, Thornett resigned from the Communist Party in 1964 and joined the Socialist Labour League (later the Workers Revolutionary Party).
He was expelled from that group in 1974 along with all but one member of the 100 strong
In 1968 Thornett became Deputy Convenor for the plant and later chairman of TGWU 5/55 branch.
He was sacked and victimised by management in 1982
Like many enthusiastic Party activists, Thornett supported Communist Party factory gate meetings near Press Steel No1 gate outside Johnson’s café, where District Secretary John Tarver (Isee separate entry) would often speak in the late 50s.
Other Communists in Pressed Steel, Thornett recalled, included Joe Richards, a Cornishman and a shop steward at Pressed Steel TGWU 5/60 branch, Villamura chair of 5/60 branch, and Charlie Siret, a crane driver. Arthur Stratford, a steward for the truckers in ‘A ‘ building, was important in guiding Thornett into the Party.
At Morris Motors there was Arthur Exell (paint detail in GK paint), Ron Jones and John Power, the latter of whom was most responsible for attracting Thornett into the Communist Party. Power, Steve Ward and Thornett were also members of the
The City branch of the Communist Party was organised by John Tarver , Communist party District Secretary, and included Daphne and Eric Johnson who had come to the Communist Party through the Squatters Movement at the end of the War. Jack and Helen Dunman, Jack Crawley a self employed building worker who used to employ party members from time to time. Mick Leahy was an “old timer” who was a self employed tailor.
Thornett states that “John Tarver organised walks by the river with fine comrades and a pint of beer at the Pirch”.
Michael Walker
Source: `From Militancy to Marxism’ by Alan ThornettTR: based on the mega-popular kid’s book of the same name by Elizabeth Kann and Victoria Kann. The musical features book and lyrics by Elizabeth Kann & Victoria Kann, music and lyrics by John Gregor and is directed by Teresa K. Pond.
PINKALICIOUS is available worldwide for amateur and professional productions from Theatrical Rights Worldwide! Check out the show’s page at TheatricalRights.com!The Philippine Hernia Society will be hosting the 8th International Congress of the Asia Pacific Hernia Society on October 11-13, 2012 at the Shangri-La Mactan Island Resort and Spa Hotel in Cebu, Philippines. This year’s congress theme of “Innovations and New Challenges in Hernia Surgery in the Asia Pacific” is indeed very timely as we all gather together to share expertise and experiences regarding recent advances in hernia surgery. We also would be expecting well known herniologists from Europe, the USA and the Asia Pacific Region to join and update us on the latest innovations and developments in hernia surgery.
We would like therefore to invite and welcome you all to the Philippines, as we offer you a well balanced congress of continuing surgical education made up of a Pre-Congress Workshop, Plenary Lectures, Satellite Symposia, Panel Discussions and Research Paper Presentations. This congress will also be supported by the Philippine Medical Association, Philippine College of Surgeons, Philippine Society of General Surgeons, and the Philippine Society of Laparoscopic and Endoscopic Surgeons.
We also would like to invite you all to enjoy the typical Filipino Hospitality and Culture as well as the various scenic spots and entertainment as we give you the best that the Philippines can offer!
See you all in Cebu, Philippines, Mabuhay!
Rey Melchor Santos
Congress President of APHS 2012
President of the Philippine Hernia Society
On behalf of the Asia Pacific Hernia Society and the local organizing committee, let me extend our warmest welcome to the 8th International APHS Congress in Cebu, Philippines. Since its inception in 2004 in Bali, our society has developed rapidly with near thousand members and continues to be recognized beyond the Asia Pacific region. Our annual congress has become the important platform to share knowledge among the hernia surgeons from the region and all over the world.Again this year, the special effort has been made by the organizing committee to offer wide-ranging scientific program with many advanced topics, it will give you the best opportunity to get and share with the world experts the latest developments in the field of hernia.
I would like to take the opportunity to thank all the members of the organizing committee for their hard-work and commitment to make this congress a great success. Cebu, renowned as a tropical paradise, rich in beautiful scenic spots, cultural history and landmarks will give you an enjoyable time during the conference.
We wish you a fruitful congress and very nice stay in Cebu.
Barlian Sutedja
President of Asia Pacific Hernia Society
Dear Members of the APHS,
Dear Friends and Colleagues,
It is a great honor and privilege to invite all of you to the 8th Annual International Congress of the Asia-Pacific Hernia Society that will be held in Cebu, Philippines on October 11-13, 2012.
The theme of the 2012 Congress is “Bridging Innovations in Hernia Surgery in the Asia-Pacific Region” and it reflects the rapid changing panorama of economics and standard of practice for hernia surgery in our region. Hernia repair as the most common surgical procedure is affected by social and economic factors, and also involves adequate healthcare strategies that in an evolving economic situation as experienced by our continent in the last year may affect and improve the above standard of practice.
Ultimately, we hope for the best of care for our patients. There is no one mesh or one simple technique for hernia repair. The cure for hernias should be tailored accordingly to several factors including patients, surgical techniques, surgical experience and biomaterials available.
This Congress will be an unforgettable occasion for all surgeons and allied healthcare that are passionate about abdominal wall and hernia surgery. This will provide everyone a chance to get together, exchange knowledge and expertise with worldwide experts, and to also reinforce friendships.
APHS boasts almost 1,000 members from 19 Asia-Pacific countries and bringing together all members to share ideas and experiences as well as friendship is one of the missions of our Society that we hope to achieve during our Annual Congress. Both the Society and the local organizing committee will strive to make everything unforgettable from the scientific to the social programme.
Looking forward to seeing all of you in Cebu and certainly with your presence and support, this Congress will be a milestone for APHS.
With Best Regards,
Founding Advisory President of the Asia-Pacific Hernia Society
Greetings from the Philippines!
On behalf of the organizing committee of the 8th International Congress of the Asia-Pacific Hernia Society, we would like to welcome you to Cebu, the noted “Queen City of the South”. This year’s congress adopted the theme “Bridging Innovations and New Challenges in Hernia Surgery in Asia-Pacific”, which aims to tackle the different developments in hernia surgery in terms of innovations, new techniques and biomaterials.
The program also aims to discuss challenges that the hernia and non-hernia specialist will face now and in the future. We have prepared an exciting scientific programme for you and we hope that this congress will be a fruitful one for all the attendees. It’s time to meet and renew old friendships and create new ones in the field of hernia surgery. See you all in Cebu.
Jose Macario V. Faylona,
Scientific Committee ChairmanFrom Salman Khan's 10 Ka Dum to Jennifer Winget's Bepannaah, The Kapil Sharma Show; upcoming TV shows in 2018
2018 has an interesting lineup of TV shows dealing with different genres. While Salman Khan's show 10 Ka Dum, Khichdi, The Kapil Sharma Show are all set to return, shows like Aap Ke Aa Jaane Se and Bepannaah will add a different flavour.
It's 2018 and apart from the big screens, our Television screens will also light up with some interesting shows making a comeback. From Salman Khan's Dus Ka Dum to popular show Khichdi followed by Jennifer Winget's Bepannaah and the famous The Kapil Sharma Show, 2018 certainly has a lot to offer.
Here's a look at what 2018 has in store:
10 Ka Dum
Salman Khan made his TV debut with 10 Ka Dum which not only established him on the small screen but also gave a major boost to his fan following. The show saw a lot of celebs making an appearance. Well, the good news is that the show is making a comeback and one couldn't be more delighted.
Khichdi:
Well, who can forget the infamous Hansa and Praful pair on Television? Thanks to Khichdi, people could enjoy a hearty laugh in their bedrooms. After Sarabhai Vs Sarabhai making a comeback, it is Khichdi which will be returning to the small screens. This time, however, every episode will feature a new character who will add to the fun quotient. From Renuka Shahane to Debina Bonnerjee, several known actors have been roped in for various episodes. If reports are to go by, Ratna Pathak Shah will be reprising the role played by her mother Dina Pathak on the show.
India's Next Superstar:
Karan Johar and Rohit Shetty will be seen coming together for the first time on screen for their talent hunt show, India's Next Superstar. The winners of the show will be launched in a film, which will be co-produced by Karan and Rohit.
Bepannaah:
After making her shudder with her mind-blowing performance in Beyhadh, Jennifer is back with another love story, Bepannaah. She will be seen opposite Harshad Chopra and Sehban Azim in the show.
Belan Wali Bahu:
With Belan Wali Bahu, Krystle D'Souza will be seen tickling the funny bones of the audiences. The show is a story of a mismatched couple and how belan plays an important role in their lives. The supernatural comedy is sure to find a place amongst the audience.
The Kapil Sharma Show:
The news of The Kapil Sharma Show going off air had left many people sad. However, it is the time to rejoice as Kapil had last year revealed that he will definitely come back with the second season of the show in the first half of 2018. Comedian Bharti Singh is said to join him.
Naagin 3:
Well, Naagin has been one of the most popular shows on Television. Even as Mouni Roy bids a goodbye to the third season of the show, Ekta Kapoor is bringing back the show with new Naagins. While reports suggest that Sanjeeda Shaikh will be one of the naagins, names of Surbhi Jyoti have also been doing the rounds.
The King’s Daughters:
Tentatively titled The King's Daughters, the costume drama is said to be inspired by fantasy show Game of Thrones. Shakti Anand, Gracy Goswami and Harshad Arora are said to play the lead roles in the show.
Aap Ke Aa Jaane Se:
With Television audiences evolving, mature love stories are finally finding an audience in the country. Aap Ke Aa Jaane Se deals with the story of a young man falling in love with a 42-year-old single mother. The promo if the show has already got everyone talking.
credits: zimbio
From Salman Khan's 10 Ka Dum to Jennifer Winget's Bepannaah, The Kapil Sharma Show; upcoming TV shows in 2018
Reviewed by bollynews
on
9:02 AM
Rating:
Israel News
Hi-Tech
TRENDING STORIES
Middle East
American Politics
Premium
Edition française
Blogs
Green Israel
Ismailia -.No one has yet claimed responsibility for Thursday's attack.
By REUTERS
By JPOST.COM STAFF
Sponsored Content
By REUTERS
Please insert a valid email addressDVDs
Goldsmiths Library has a vast collection of over 10,000 DVDs. Feature films range from Hollywood blockbusters to world cinema to art house. We also have documentaries for every subject, recordings of plays, operas and musicals, lots of TV series and many more gems.
DVDs are free to borrow – undergraduates can take out 4 at a time, and postgraduates even more. Remember that DVDs are for 7 day loan, and must be renewed or returned on time otherwise you have late fines of £1 per day.
The DVD collection can be found on the 2nd floor and is shelved by Dewey Decimal Classification, just like the print books. This means that documentaries are arranged by subject, making them easy to browse. It’s also easy to browse films by country of origin.
Make sure you look on the catalogue for the exact class mark if you are looking for a particular film. The easiest way to search for DVDs is to chose the videos/DVDs search to narrow down your results. For special edition films or TV series with multiple disks, we separate each disk into its own box – make sure you chose the right disk.
When a DVD is required for a course, the library will often put one or two copies aside at the help desk for use in the library. This ensures there’s always a copy of the DVD in the library for students to watch. The location will look something like this:
- 791.437 CRO Course Reference DVD [Helpdesk]
These DVDs can only be viewed in the library. We have DVD players for students to use with headphones, and group viewings rooms that you do not need to book, so small groups can watch DVDs together.
There are other DVDs kept at the help desk which are borrowable, but that we need to keep a closer eye on, usually because they are imported or hard to come by. These will have a location that looks like this:
- 791.437 CRO DVD [Helpdesk]
Videos
The library also has an impressive collection of over 12,500 videos, many of which contain rare recordings that are difficult to find in DVD format. The collection is housed in a separate room next to the DVD collection and viewing rooms. Videos are arranged by individual number (rather than Dewey class mark) and therefore need to be looked up on the catalogue first. On the catalogue, video locations look like this:
- 4471 Video [2nd Floor]
There are video/VHS players to watch videos in the library, or they can be borrowed as normal for 7 day loan. Videos will need to be brought to the help desk for borrowing and returning.
Check out the audio-visual collection web page for more information and links to online resources.Happy viewing!Category:Slovak terms derived from Germanic languages
Fundamental » All languages » Slovak » Terms by etymology » Terms derived from other languages » Indo-European languages » Germanic languages
Terms in Slov
- ► Slovak terms derived from East Germanic languages (1 c, 0 e)
N
- ► Slovak terms derived from North Germanic languages (7 c, 0 e)
P
- ► Slovak terms derived from Proto-Germanic (0 c, 16 e)
W
- ► Slovak terms derived from West Germanic languages (8 c, 0 e)Here are 6 easy Halloween related toddler activities we have done this month.
1. Pumpkin decorating with stickers: Our 2 year old is in love with Toy Story these days and we have mountains of stickers in our collection. This was a quick, fun, and CLEAN activity we did together while Littlest Curls was taking an afternoon nap. Peeling and placing the smaller stickers is great for developing fine motor skills. She had fun and was very proud of the Toy Story Pumpkin she decorated herself.
2. Ghost Feet: I have to admit that I have an obsession with baby feet. For that reason, we have been doing hand and foot prints with the girls on every occasion I can think of (holidays, 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year, Father’s and Mother’s day, etc). This is a fun way to gauge growth too. I’m also obsessed with comparing footprints haha, feel free to judge at anytime ;). Here is *my super secret simple trick for getting almost perfect prints each time* ……… Paint your kiddos’ hand/foot with the paint using a sponge brush or large paint brush. I used to just pour the paint on a plate and dip my kid’s hand/foot in it and go straight to the paper. This method is a no no because the paint will be uneven in some areas and you won’t get a clean print. Having a non-squirmy kiddo that is willing to have their body painted is always a plus too.
3. Spider handprint Art: This is fun to add on the wall next to your painted ghost footprints. They are fairly easy to create because it’s all about hand placement. In our project, I put the girls’ hands closer to the corner of the sheet of paper so that I could add a spider web with crayon after the paint dried. If you are feeling more artsy feel free to paint a spider web as a background. You could also make more than one spider on the page if you wanted. Maybe one on a web and one hanging from a string? Get creative with white yarn too!
4. Pumpkin ‘Fist’ Patch: If you aren’t sick of paint yet 😉 Give this one a shot! This turns out pretty neat if you have toddler that is willing to make a fist (and keep a fist) to stamp in paint. You just pour paint on a plate and use their hand as stamp. I didn’t use my *super secret* paint on the hand method with this one. We also made pumpkin stems and grass with finger prints. Name it “Your name here’s Pumpkin Patch” and call it art!
5. Scrap Fabric Spider: I am a fabric hoarder by nature so this was an easy one for us to whip up quickly. To start I had Blondie pick the color construction paper she wanted and then I drew a large circle on it. The circle with be where the child glues down pieces of fabric to make up the body (or cephalothorax and abdomen) of the spider. For the gluing I smudged it around in sections and she placed the fabric in the glue spots. Next, I cut thin strips of another pattern fabric to make up the legs. Did you know spiders have 8 legs and insects have 6? See and you thought you weren’t going to learn anything by reading blogs all day 😉 Once the legs are on, various eyes can be added. I let her choose the buttons and the number of eyes she wanted her spider to have. Have fun with this one!
6. Cotton Ball Ghost: This is a lot like the fabric spider except the material used is cotton balls. You can get creative with these and use white tissue paper, torn up coffee filters, or anything laying around your house that is white and will stay glued down. Just a simple ghost shape is drawn on the colored paper of choice and glue in sections for your kiddo to place their cotton ball. Add a spooky, happy, or silly face and you have instant ghost decor!
Thousands of NYC Teachers to Rally in Foley Square, Call for Charter Sector To Grow to 200,000 Students By 2020
Thousands of NYC Teachers to Rally in Foley Square, Call for Charter Sector To Grow to 200,000 Students By 2020
New York, NY – On October 19th, thousands of teachers will rally in Foley Square to call on Mayor Bill de Blasio to support growing the charter sector to 200,000 students by 2020.
At 100,000 students, New York City’s public charter sector is now the highest-performing scaled charter sector in the country, and enrolls more children each year than the entire school districts of Washington D.C., Baltimore, Boston, and San Francisco. As firsthand witnesses to the transformative impact that the sector has on New York City’s highest-need communities, teachers have a compelling, authoritative voice on the need for 200,000 seats in public charter schools. By doubling in size, city charters could set even more kids who would otherwise be zoned into low-performing district schools on the “Path to Possible”, and could eliminate the achievement gap between many underserved children of color and their peers.
The public charter sector has already received unprecedented support from New York City’s leading elected voices, including Congressman Hakeem Jeffries, Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz Jr., and 21 additional elected officials who signed a public letter backing September’s #PathtoPossible rally in Prospect Park. However, the chief obstacle standing in the way of charter growth is a lack of fair access to public space. There are currently over 150,000 empty classroom seats in public facilities across the city.
WHO: Thousands of Teachers from Across NYC
WHAT: Teachers to Rally In Support of Doubling Size of Charter Sector to 200,000 Students by 2020
WHEN: 3:30 PM
Wednesday, October 19, 2016
WHERE: Foley Square, New York, NY 10013Being the makeup and beauty product addict that I am, I’m always on the lookout for something great. I read beauty articles, magazines, and makeup review sites to get my info. I also count on my friends to let me in on their favorites. This week, I am going to share with you some of my current go-to products that I love and why they work for me.
Agadir Argan Oil Daily Volumizing Shampoo
This shampoo is incredible! It is sulfate free, so it doesn’t strip my color or fade my highlights. I have fine, limp hair so it is always a challenge to find a volumizing shampoo. Some shampoos give my hair volume, but dry it out. Then shampoos for dry hair leave it limp and oily. Not this one-it leaves my hair super soft, yet not feeling oily. The smell is lovely, too.
The Body Shop Dry Oil for Body, Face & Hair
I saw this at the Body Shop and was intrigued. What is “dry oil?” It is luxurious, that’s for sure! I put his on my body right after a shower, while the skin is still wet and it soaks right in-leaving no oily residue behind. My skin is sooooo soft for a full 24 hours. I am currently using it in the scent Sweet Lemon, but it comes in other scents, too. I also rub it into my heels. I have not used it on my face or hair; although the label says it is appropriate to do so. I wish it came in a larger bottle…I love it that much.
Urban Decay Naked 2 Palette
Oh. Emm. Gee! I have never been a big fan of eye shadow palettes, preferring to select my own shades; but this one takes the cake. I find myself reaching for it every single day. All of the colors are beautiful and go on smoothly. I find that this one palette can produce hundreds of different looks, from natural to all out glam. Check out the picture with the all the colors. Love.
Oscar Blandi Pronto Dry Shampoo
Remember what I said above about having hair that tends to be oily? Well, this is my secret weapon. To keep my ends healthy, I don’t wash my hair every day. On the second day, my roots are looking oily so I put some of this powder on my palms, flip my hair over, and rub it into my roots. Brush it through and voila! All the oil is gone! As an added bonus, the powder gives the roots texture, and that gives me some added volume. This stuff is THE BOMB.
MAC Dazzle glass in Date Night
I love MAC lip glosses in general and I have several. This is the one I reach for the most, as it can be used alone for a sheer “dazzle” or on top of a dramatic lip color for a pouty look. It is thick, as MAC lip glosses are, but that means the lasting power is excellent. It looks more glittery (is that even a word?) in the tube than it does on the lip, so don’t let that stop you from adding this to your makeup bag.
Makeup Brushes by e.l.f.
Another one of my secret tools: eye shadow brushes that I get for a whopping $1! Yes, you read that correctly. My eye shadow looks are created with dollar brushes! These gems are from the budget beauty line e.l.f. and I buy them at Target. They never lose any hairs, keep the shadow from splattering everywhere and are soft on the skin. They have never disappointed.
Maybelline The Falsies Mascara in Black Drama
Want dramatic, false looking lashes for about $7? This is your mascara! When I am rocking a dark, smoky eye this mascara delivers the drama. It is super black, goes on glossy and doesn’t flake or smudge. Since I am all about beauty on a budget, I am forever thankful to my sister for this find. Not for the timid…this takes your lashes and really does make them look like “falsies.”
Have any of you tried these products? Are you planning on getting any? Please leave me a comment as I would love to know how they worked for you. Until next time, be beautiful on the inside and out!!
7 Comments
I genuinely enjoy looking through on this web site , it has got superb content . “When a man’s willing and eager, the gods join in.” by Aeschylus.
You are my inhalation , I have few web logs and infrequently run out from to post ..
Thanks, I’ve recently been looking for info about this topic for a while and yours is the best I’ve discovered till now. However, what in regards to the bottom line? Are you certain in regards to the source?
Only wanna admit that this is extremely helpful, Thanks for taking your time to write this. simply want to say I am beginner to blogging and certainly enjoyed your web site. Likely I’m planning to bookmark your website . You surely come with awesome article content. With thanks for sharing with us your web page.Candy Crush Soda Level 1979 Goals
- 37 Moves
- Eat 28 Chocolates
- Target: 1 star = 5,000 points, 2 star = 70,000 points and 3 star = 90,000 points
- Level Type: Medium
Candy Crush Soda Level 1979 Tips and Cheats
First make lots of special candies and combine special candies to break locked chocolates and to eat chocolates. Fish candies will fall from special candies cannon, use them to eat more chocolates. Then eat remaining chocolates to complete the level.Ranvir Singh has been named as the face of BBC One’s revamped ‘North West Tonight’ news show.
From Monday 10th September, Singh will co-host with Gordon Burns as part of a major re-launch of the programme. She is already a familiar face on BBC One’s Breakfast and late night bulletins.month contract while still on work experience.
She is currently North West Tonight۪s education reporter., it۪s very diverse and I know that I will have some interesting and amazing stories to present to our viewers every evening.”
Ranvir joins the programme as it is given a complete facelift with a new title sequence, graphics and studio set.
Editor of North West Tonight, Cerys Griffiths, said, “News provision is becoming increasingly competitive and how people access the news is ever changing.
“We need to be able to meet the demands of our viewers with stories that are local, that matter to them and which are accessible at any time of day.
“The new look programme and the website are part of a package to deliver news for the 21st century without losing the strong sense of identity that the programme has across the North West region.”Release Year
2015
Track Listing
1) Needle And Thread
2) Nostradamus
3) Live To See
4) Sanctuary
5) Holding Out For A Hero (Bonnie Tyler Cover)
6) Party Harder, Party Starter
One of the best and most interesting things about the horrorpunk genre of music, is that it really encompasses a ton of styles and genres. You have some bands who lean towards the pop-punk style, some who lean towards the psychobilly sound, and even those who go more towards the hardcore route. The openness of the genre is something that helps make horrorpunk more unique. Kill Matilda is a band that has been around since 2009, but I just recently discovered during my usual weekly searches for any new bands that could potentially be covered on the site. And while not what most would immediately call “horrorpunk”, the band showcases many attributes and a clear love of the genre.
Having toured relentlessly across Canada and the US over the past several years, the band has seen some lineup changes as is standard for most bands with a hard DIY-ethic, but the foundation of the band has always been guitarist/vocalist Dusty Exner and her now-husband, bassist Mykel Exner. The current line-up is rounded out by drummer Marcus Luk. With the release of their newest album, Songs Of Survival, the band is currently donating 50% of the proceeds made on the Kill Matilda BandCamp page
to help with the sponsoring of a Syrian refugee coming to Canada! For more details on this particular endeavor I will point you to Dusty Exner‘s Official Blog, but suffice to say, you are quite obviously helping a great cause by purchasing Songs Of Survival, but all that aside, we still need to talk about the music you would be purchasing, don’t we?
Beginning with the first single released from the album, Needle And Thread kicks things off giving you a great idea of what you’re in for, all while the powerful vocals of Dusty sing of bringing a lover back from the dead. The song is fast and catchy, and you immediately sense that the band made the right choice releasing the tune as a single. It is the most “horror” based of all the tracks on Songs Of Survival and a great way to start off the album. Nostradamus is a fast and raucous punk track and I can see it being a favorite if added to a live setlist.
Live To See is another fast punky track destined to be a favorite in any club the band plays. The band changes tune a little for Sanctuary, which, in my estimation could be the song that would break the band through into mainstream success. If any song on this album would get played on rock radio, it’s this one. And I don’t mean that as an insult in any way, because it is the track on the album that I have listened to the most. There is something about the melody, especially during the chorus that grabs you and doesn’t let go, as well as highlighting Dusty‘s vocals. For me, it’s one of those rare tracks that just comes across as perfect. If you plan to introduce anybody to Kill Matilda this is the track to use.
Following up on Sanctuary is a bit of a tall task, but the band breaks out a cover that doesn’t seem expected. Covering the Bonnie Tyler “classic” Holding Out For A Hero does what all cover songs aspire to, paying homage to the original while also making it their own. Adding a punk edge and style to a song written by the king of overblown rock ballads, Jim Steinman, is something I’ve always wanted (although I’ve always wanted a cover of one of the Steinman-written Meat Loaf songs) and Kill Matilda destroy it.
The album comes to a close with another fast in-your-face track in Party Harder, Party Starter. It’s a perfect close to an album that flies by and leaves you wanting more. The song even includes a moment that feels like it has ended, and comes back with one last attack on your eardrums.
The obvious downfall as is the case with many albums of this sort is that it doesn’t feel long enough, but at the same time it also succeeds in leaving you wanting more. Kill Matilda is undoubtedly a band to keep an eye on, and I know I will be anxiously anticipating any new music that comes from this Canadian trio. One can never have enough female fronted horrorpunk music!
Be sure to check out the Kill Matilda Facebook page and once again, you can grab a copy of Songs Of Survival on the Kill Matilda BandCamp page!
Killer Track
SanctuaryDense Nonaqueous Phase Liquids (DNAPLs)
Treatment Technologies
- Overview
- Policy and Guidance
- Chemistry and Behavior
- Environmental Occurrence
- Toxicology
- Detection and Site Characterization
- Treatment Technologies
- Conferences and Seminars
- Additional Resources
Thermal Processes: In Situ
This page identifies general resources that contain information on the design and implementation of thermal treatment technologies applied in situ. Information on applications of these technologies specific to compounds within a DNAPL chemical class can be found in the class subsections listed to the right. More resources on thermal treatment technologies for a wide range of contaminants can be found in the Thermal Treatment: In Situ pages of Technology Focus.
In situ thermal treatment technologies can be applied to contaminant source zones. The application of heat increases the partitioning of organic chemicals into the vapor or gas phase, where they can be extracted under vacuum. The contaminants may even be destroyed in situ when temperatures are sufficiently high.
Four technologies are grouped under the in situ thermal treatment technologies classification: electrical resistance heating, steam injection and extraction, conductive heating, and vitrification. With the exception of vitrification, all of these treatment technologies rely on the addition of heat to the soil to increase the removal efficiency of volatile and semivolatile contaminants. Vapor extraction is an integral part of these remediation systems to ensure the removal and treatment of mobilized contaminants. Liquid extraction is also used during steam injection, and sometimes with other thermal technologies when groundwater flow rates are high and/or when the contaminant being recovered is semivolatile.
In situ vitrification is unique among the thermal technologies in that the temperatures used will vitrify soil. The stable glass that is formed by vitrification will immobilize any nonvolatile contaminants that are present, including metals and radioactive materials.
Davis (1997) provides a general discussion of the effects of heat on chemical and physical properties of organic contaminants. Vaporization is the main mechanism used in these technologies to enhance the recovery of VOCs. Vapor pressures of organic compounds increase exponentially with temperature, causing significant redistribution to the vapor phase as the subsurface is heated. When a NAPL is present, the combined vapor pressure of the NAPL and water determines the boiling temperature, and co-boiling of the two liquids occurs at temperatures less than the boiling point of water. Thus, by raising the temperature of the subsurface above the co-boiling temperature, NAPL can be vaporized and removed. Continued heating of the subsurface recovers contaminants from the dissolved and adsorbed phases as well.
Increasing the temperature also decreases viscosity, increases solubility, and decreases adsorption, all of which aid in the recovery of VOCs and SVOCs. For some SVOC NAPLs, such as creosote, viscosity reduction may be an important mechanism for increased contaminant recovery (Davis 1997). Hydrolysis may play a role in the destruction of some contaminants (e.g., chlorinated methanes and ethanes) as the soil temperature approaches 100°C; however, the breakdown products may be more recalcitrant than the original contaminants.
Care should be taken in designing thermal treatment systems to ensure that all plumbing, including monitoring wells, are capable of withstanding high heat. In the presence of clay, vadose zone heating by resistivity, conductance, or radio frequency may result in some settlement of the treatment area due to the drying of the clay.
This discussion is taken from
Engineering Forum Issue Paper: In Situ Treatment Technologies for Contaminated Soil, EPA 542-F-06-013, 2006.
Analysis of Selected Enhancements for Soil Vapor Extraction
U.S. EPA, EPA 542-R-97-007, 246 pp, 1997
This comprehensive survey on soil vapor extraction enhancement technologies includes a chapter on thermal enhancements that covers steam, resistive, and conductive heating. It provides a general discussion on these technologies with several case studies and some dated costing information...
Ground Water Issue: How Heat Can Enhance In-Situ Soil and Aquifer Remediation: Important Chemical Properties and Guidance on Choosing the Appropriate Technique
E. Davis..
How Effective Is Thermal Remediation of DNAPL Source Zones in Reducing Groundwater Concentrations?
Baker, R.S., S.G. Nielsen, G. Heron, and N. Ploug.
Groundwater Monitoring & Remediation 36(1):38-53(2016)
Evaluation of data from 10 separate DNAPL source areas at 5 in situ thermal remediation project sites indicates that a thorough implementation of ISTR in a DNAPL source area can result in the attenuation of the associated dissolved plume, such that in several cases long-standing P&T systems could be turned off. These findings contrast with assertions that aggressive source remediation may not be justifiable because dissolved plume concentrations will not decline sufficiently. Thermal Treatment Site Profile Database
U.S. EPA.
EPA has developed a Web site to summarize information about field demonstrations and full-scale applications of in situ thermal technologies. The searchable database provides project information consisting of site name, location, chemicals of concern, amount treated, costs (if available), and points of contact.
Performance Monitoring for Thermal Processes: In Situ
The three most common in situ heating technologies are steam injection (SI), electrical resistive heating (ERH), and thermal conductive heating (TCH). The table below summarizes the performance parameter(s), typical monitoring frequencies, and reason for monitoring various media. Sampling frequencies and which chemical parameters to monitor should be determined during the data quality objectives process.
Steam injection and extraction (also known as steam-enhanced extraction, or SEE) involves the introduction of steam into injection wells. Air also can be injected to induce the oxidation of some contaminants. As the steam front moves across the treatment zone, it volatilizes contaminants, displaces water with dissolved-phase contaminants, and can mobilize DNAPL masses. The contaminants, water, and potential DNAPLs are captured by recovery wells and transmitted to the surface for treatment. The steam front might follow preferential pathways created by differences in soil permeabilities. This preferential flow can result in areas in the treatment zone remaining below operational temperatures (adapted from Davis 1998).
Effluent stream monitoring is required to monitor the progress of the remediation process. Vapor- and aqueous-phase samples normally are collected at regular intervals during the course of a remediation and analyzed to determine the amount of contaminants removed. Sample intervals of one hour have been used on a small-scale demonstration project, while a one-day sampling interval was used on a full-scale demonstration; however, the time required to analyze these samples by techniques such as gas chromatography limits their usefulness for process control and optimization purposes. Effluent streams, particularly the vapor effluent stream, can vary significantly over short periods of time, and these variations cannot be monitored with the 1-day or even 1-hour periods between samples that generally are used for grab samples. Flame ionization detectors have been used with some steam injection systems for real-time monitoring of the contaminants being recovered in the vapor phase (Davis 1998).
Tracking the movement of the steam injection front in the subsurface is also desirable for monitoring the progress of the process, and to aid in understanding the processes that are occurring as a result of steam injection. Temperature measurements, either at intermediate observation wells or at the producing wells, provide a direct means of tracking steam front movement (Davis 1998). These temperature instruments can be supplemented with electrical resistive tomography (LaBrecque 2001 and Ramirez 1995) or borehole radar (Gregoire 2004) to provide a better understanding of the steam movement. Additional information is available in a separate section on Steam Injection and Extraction.
ERH involves passing electrical current through moisture in the soil between an array of electrodes. As the current flows through the moisture in soil pores, the resistance of the soil produces heat. Because it relies on moisture to pass current, the maximum heating temperature in the vadose zone is in the 100oC range. Temperatures over 100�C can be generated in the saturated zone, and these temperatures produce steam and allow steam stripping. Volatilization and steam stripping with SVE-capture are the predominant removal mechanisms for most contaminants using this technology (Beyke and. Fleming 2002). Additional information is available in a separate section on Electrical Resistance Heating.
TCH uses either an array of vertical heater/vacuum wells or, when the treatment area is within about six inches of the ground surface, surface heater blankets. The heater wells are usually operated at a temperature between 540 and 815oC, and the soil is heated by conduction. (Baker and Heron 2004). As the soil is heated, organic contaminants in the soil are vaporized and/or destroyed by mechanisms such as evaporation, steam distillation, boiling, oxidation, and pyrolysis (ITRC 2004). Conductive heating operates best in unsaturated soil; however, it does find application in saturated soil with low hydraulic conductivity. Additional information is available in a separate section on Conductive Heating.
Depending on the contaminant, the treatment zone must reach and hold a specified temperature for the ERH or TCH to be effective. Temperature is monitored by distributing thermal couples or fiber-optic distributed temperature sensing (DTS) devices throughout the target area. Contaminants in soil vapor are frequently measured at the vapor treatment influent header to evaluate system performance and to determine when to shut down the system, such as when influent concentrations drop below a predetermined level and remain there. If condensate is produced, it can be tested for contaminants and their potential byproducts to assist in mass removal calculations. Proof of cleanup is usually accomplished through analysis of randomly distributed soil cores throughout the treatment zone and contaminant concentrations in the groundwater, if present. For some chlorinated methanes and ethanes that can be degraded by heating, testing the soil for elevated chloride levels will assist in mass removal calculations. Tracers can also be used to estimate source removal.
Additional information about nonspecific performance monitoring techniques can be found in Remediation Measurement Tools.
1 A discussion of methods and analytical equipment for DNAPL chemical constituents can be found in the DNAPL Detection and Site Characterization section.
Table adapted from USACE 2006.
Enhanced Removal of Separate Phase Viscous Fuel by Electrical Resistance Heating and Multi-Phase Extraction
G. Beyke and D. Fleming.
9th Annual International Petroleum Environmental Conference, October 22-25, 2002, Albuquerque, NM.
In-Situ Delivery of Heat by Thermal Conduction and Steam Injection for Improved DNAPL Remediation
R. Baker and G. Heron.
Proceedings of the 4th International Conf. on Remediation of Chlorinated and Recalcitrant Compounds, Monterey, CA, May 24-27, 2004. Battelle, Columbus, OH.
Steam Injection for Soil and Aquifer Remediation
E. Davis.
EPA 540-S-97-505,16 pp, 1998
Contact: Eva L. Davis, davis.eva@epa.gov.
Additional Resources
Application of Borehole Radar for Monitoring Steam-Enhanced Remediation of a Contaminated Site in Fractured Limestone, Maine, USA
Electrical Resistance Tomography for Steam Injection Monitoring and Process Control
The Role of Advanced Monitoring in Steam Stripping for In-Situ Remediation of DNAPL
Performance Monitoring of Remediation Technologies for Soil and Groundwater Contamination: Review
Lai, K.C.K., R.Y. Surampalli, R.D. Tyagi,, I.M.C. Lo, and S. Yan
Practice Periodical of Hazardous, Toxic, and Radioactive Waste Management 11(3):132-157(2007)
Use of Borehole-Radar Methods to Monitor a Steam-Enhanced Remediation Pilot Study at a Quarry at the Former Loring Air Force Base, Maine
Gregoire, C., P.K. Joesten, and J.W. Lane, Jr.
U.S. Geological Survey Scientific Investigations Report 2006-5191, 35 pp, 2007The Roses of the Desert
A sanitary battalion of Italian Army is sent to Sorman oasis in Lybia during the Africa campaign in 1940. Soon an Italian missionary, living nearby, succeed to transform the occupation by ...
Actor: Michele Placido, Giorgio Pasotti, Alessandro Haber, Fulvio Falzarano, Moran Atias, Claudio Bigagli, Tiziano Scarpa, Nicola Acunzo, Roberto D'Addario, Francesco Guzzo, Enzo Marcelli, Giuseppe Oppedisano, Stefano Scandaletti, Emanuele Spera, Hermann Weisskopf
Director: Mario Monicelli
Keywords:Hi,!
Skillet!
31
Skillet Dinner Rolls
Serves 6 | Prep Time: 15 Mins | Inactive Time: 40 Mins | Bake Time: 10 Mins
Contributor: Kendoll Baldwin
Ingredients:
2 packets yeast (3/4 oz or 21
Method: dough for 5 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375.
Cook’s
Original article and pictures take site
Комментариев нет:
Отправить комментарийQuinta Anabtawi - A Resort with Pool and Gardens
- 1.00 Dollar US$
- Published date: April 17, 2017 15:24
-
- Avon Park, Florida, United States
This two-bedroom luxury villa is ideal for party, wedding, birthday celebration and events in Mendoza, Argentina. This villa has Private pool with its own barbecue and restroom. During your stay, I highly recommend booking a Riyad Argentinian BBQ Extravaganza, the best Argentine meat grilled the right way the Argentine way, hosted by yours truly.
Please book in advance and specify the number of persons and the day and time, and include the payment when you pay the rent. Ask for pricing @ +54 926 1630 0921.
For More info, visit the vacation condo
Brick House Featuring State-of-the-art A...
Houses - Apartments for Rent Palm Coast (Florida) April 14, 2017Check with seller
Villa with Outdoor Grill and Pool
Houses - Apartments for Rent Destin (Florida) April 12, 2017Check with seller
Waterfront Condo Accommodating 6 Guests
Houses - Apartments for Rent Clearwater Beach (Florida) April 10, 2017Check with sellerSource: WAKING SCIENCE.”
Forty-Three Percent of Americans Are ‘Constant Check
How Is Technology Affecting US Families?
Teens’ Emotional Health May Be Tied to Social Media
A report by the non-profit Common Sense Media found U.S. teens spend about nine hours daily using media, and this only includes media used for enjoyment purposes.8When.”
Almost All Parents Try to Manage Their Kids’ Technology Usage
The APA survey also revealed that 94 percent of parents said they attempt to manage their child’s technology usage during the school year. Common management strategies included:13.
Texting While Driving Raises Your Crash Risk Six-Fold
- Make a personal commitment to drive cellphone
Are You Addicted to Social Media?
Mindfulness to the Rescue.
Four Changes to Live Better With Your Devices.
Turning off notifications has worked for me. Thanks for sharing.
Very interesting read, thank youHello Crafty Friends,
Welcome back to Carson's Creations! I have some EXCITING news to share today. I am joining Carri at DoubleClick Skittles once again to be a part of her amazing Design Team. We will be showcasing her Skittles embellishments while offering a challenge that you can join each week.
Today we are sharing our craft area. I do not have a "closed" room since both my kids still live at home, but I have an area that I have claimed in the house where I create my magic (or make a mess in some cases).
This is my craft table which holds both my Cricut Expression and Cameo (it is actually a shoe rack, but it fits my needs perfectly). I have a carousel to the left that holds tools like chalk and watercolor pencils, glue pens, white jelly roll pens, and scissors.
The side wall has two large storage shelves that hold boxes of some of my supplies. The boxes contain stamps, twine, flowers, Spellbinders. embossing folders, and a couple are holiday specific. The plastic bins contains my buttons, sequins, gems, and skittles. Next to them is a smaller shelf where my daughter's sewing machine rest...yes, like RIP...she never uses it! I should, but I have a heck of time changing the thread to a different color each time. I should try and practice...I know I would get quick at it...but it will RIP for now!
The opposite side of the room is my computer desk, but I have shelves on each side. To the left is some of my paper and card bases (along with a display of a few projects).
To the right are my ribbon racks, Cricut cartridges, stickers, and more paper (not shown below).
Next to my table is the last storage piece...a rolling cart that holds more ribbon, gems, craft thread, blades, and punches. Oh yeah...and my bucket of scrap paper just sits next to me so I can have it readily available.
Although I don't have a craft room I have made use of the space I do have.
Blog Candy...
Great job with your space!! congrats with your DT spot on the skittles team.Have a blessed day
DIANA L.
Your craft area is so clean and organized. Congrats on your continuing DT spot
Congrats Georgiana!!! That's awesome for you!! Fun Craft Space too!!! Have a Crafty Day! :)
Theresa
Scrappers Anonymous
Congrats on your Double Click DT spot! And thanks for sharing your craft space too…very nice stash!
What a colorful and fun place to create! Congratulations on making the team!
How FUN! I love love love your craft space!!!!!!!!!!
Congrats to you!! Yiippee!! I have a craft space too but I really LOVE yours!
I would love to come over & play..LOL
Have a wonderful day my friend,
Migdalia
Crafting With Creative M
I wish we could "play" together too! We would have a blast creating all day!
congrats to you love your space
I love your space! So happy that we're teammates!
Love your space! So organized! Your ribbon rack is gorgeous!! - Payel (Beau Monde Designs)
Ooo, I love it! Lovely use of what space you have.
Super, super excited about being on this Design Team with you and your poace us clean and way organized!! Impressive and You are fun and clever so I look forward to working with you!!! LOVE that bucket if scrap paper - awesome!! Hope you have a super terrific day!!
Oh my goodness...you are simply amazing Georgiana (love your name by the way, it is my mom's name too, I don't see it very often, so beautiful). You are so organized, I want to come over and play for a bit. So excited to be on the same team as you...we are going to have so much fun!
You may not have your own room but you are well organized!
What an awesome space you have, Georgiana!! It's all so organized and fabulous!! Congrats on being on Carri's team again!! Have a great day :)
Lisa
A Mermaid's Crafts
Congrats to you!!! I love your awesome carft space!!! Have a great day.
Gerda.
G- your space is awesome! So organized and I love how you have your machines stacked! Such a great idea! And wow that is some box of scrap papers, that will have to be one of our challenges! So happy to have you back on the team! Carri~Abusybee
Skittles!
Awesome crafty space, I like how you re-purposed the shoe shelf for both of your machines. I had the most difficult time finding something like that until I came across a wire rack at Walmart in the kitchen section. Congrats on returning to Carri's DT. Looking forward to your creations!
Congrats!! Love your craft space
Georgiana, Thank you so much for sharing your crafty space! I love looking into other crafter spaces for inspiration for my own craft room.
~Kim
follower
Love your craft space. You are the 1st craft room on the blog hop that has shown your cricut machine. I am a new follower and thanks for sharing.
Wonderful craft space. Love your scrap bucket! Congrats on making the DT. Can't wait to see your makes. Thanks for the tour.
Hugs, Debi
Thatmightlookgoodonacard.blogspot.com
Congrats!
It is wonderful to see where you do your creating. Thanks for sharing.
Crafty hugs,
Dawn
DesignsByDragonfly.blogspot
{Google and email follower.}
Congrats on your DT spot!! Your craft area is nicely organized and is just wonderful! Your scrap box is as full as mine, lol! I'm looking forward to all your projects and inspiration :)
I done did it all!! Followed, commented, and returned!
Oh I love seeing all around your craft space and looking at all your crafty goodies! I like your display of your projects too! I think I am in love with your paper shelves on wheels - would love to have something like this! Congratulations on your new DT! And thanks for sharing your craft space!
Having a fun time seeing everyone's space. You have a HUGE small area, lady! Love how organized your paper is. I'm still not brave enough to show mine today. Hope you have a great weekend. xx DK
Congrats to you!
Thanks for sharing
photos of your
crafting area.
Carla from Utah
Ive been a follower of your blog. Like the craft space area you have. Like the shoe rack idea. I posted my Cricut craftspace.
Melissa
"Sunshine HoneyBee"
congrats on the skittles DT! you do make the most of your space! I have a go to scrap box,too! I love to "use it up"! I use the tiniest pieces for punches. I am already a follower. thanks for sharing!
Alicia
Your craft room is amazing, so well organized and clean. Contrats on the DT. I'm a new follower.
Sue
Love your ribbon storage! Following along!gtarevolution.net
Status: Safe
Status: Safe
Downloads: 3 green downloads
Popups: 0 pop-ups
Links: Linked to green sites
0
0
0
0
0
Links: 5
URL: gtarevolution.net
IP: 62.149.128.72
Nobody reviewed this site yet, be the first to tell everyone what you like about gtarevolution.net.
Add the Webutation certificate to your website
This code loads asynchronous to keep your website speed!
just copy & paste the snippet into your website!
just copy & paste the snippet into your website!
Owner & Service
Subdomains Relevance ?
Status of gtarevolution.net
Website is online!
Last checked on Sep 28, 2014 - 01:27
Website Ping Test: gtarevolution.net down?
BETA We evaluate the latest social media signals (about gtarevolution.net)
from Twitter, Facebook and Google+ to get an idea about the public opinion.Do you know how much time it takes to dispatch one trip?
Including unanswered calls to your drivers and repeat calls to resolve communication mistakes, each trip takes 2 to 5 minutes of your dispatcher’s time. Now multiply that by the number of trips your company does per day.
And that doesn’t include calls for package status updates, like when a shipment was delivered!
Internet Dispatcher reduces your workload with a simple click to assign a new delivery instantaneously providing information to your driver. It takes less than 1 second to dispatch one trip. Multiply that by the number of trips you do per day to see how much you are saving.
Plus, drivers can simply click to update package status providing real-time tracking details and POD name capture for your customers.
– GPS Driver mapping as accurate as one ping every 30 seconds. click here.
– Barcode and Signature Capture. click here
– Works even when the device is out of range or has no signal.
– Extremely Easy to use.
Supported Devices include:
– Android Smartphones and Tablets with an Android Native App.
We invited anarchist from Indonesia, Germany, Greece, Japan, and U.S.A. to join us in the Philippines for six-day activities to share our experiences, ideas, and discuss the possibility of organizing future actions on these important issues detailed here.
The first event was the Black and Green Forum which provides education and popularization campaign of LAN, and its objectives to provide analysis on ecological issues based on the perspective of a non-hierarchical and anti-authoritarian framework and to share alternatives which already being done by anarchist and autonomous activists in the local and international level.
The Black and Green Forum was carried out in collaboration with Third World Studies Center- University of the Philippines (TWSC – UP) and entitled “Anarchism: Ecological Crises, Climate Change and Direct Action”.
In recognition that Food not Bombs is one of among effective methods of anti-authoritarian actions an activity was organized after the Black and Green Forum to spread information with regards to history, experience and insights of the Food Not Bombs global movement.
After the two events in Quezon City, activists witnessed the industrial wastewater discharge into creeks and tributaries of Laguna Lake. The next day, activists once again meet for four days at the Second Solidarity Eco-camp in Tanay, Rizal. These activities culminated to adoption of this common statement where the specific context of most localities detailed below was critically discussed.
Mining surfaced as one of the major issues being addressed by the network in their respective localities due to its various social and environmental impacts. But generally, autonomous and anarchist activists are responding to multiple and interconnected social and ecological issues.
PHILIPPINES
The massive destruction of the ecology of the archipelago is directly attributed to investments of corporations who are up to extract natural resources to gain more profit.
The marginalized communities in the global south such as the majority of urban and rural poor communities in the Philippines constantly experience the negative impacts of environmental destructions; the changing weather pattern already claimed 300,000 of lives on the annual basis, it destroyed billions of assets and it caused massive losses in various sectors such agriculture. Floods and landslide have become common and the government has shown that it will not provide concrete and long term solutions.
Despite of very destructive and hazardous impact of mining, the government allowed it to operate and even give more incentives to corporations, the corrupt government is assisting the destructive enterprise of these profit-hungry institutions through legislations and coercive processes.
Mining corporations in the Philippines such as Sagittarius Mines/Xtrata, Philex and among others should be held liable to the destruction of the environment, murdering people and displacing communities. The said corporations and the likes should be kick-out of the archipelago and made them pay for the damages and violence they incurred.
In general, lakes, rivers, bays, forests (upland and mangroves) and other ecosystems are being used and exploited in favor of the capitalists to the demise of marginalized communities. We encourage people and community to directly take action in defending and reclaiming their lives by protecting their own habitat.
JUSTICE FOR THE VICTIMS OF STATE VIOLENCE
Like any government in the world, the Philippine Republic is guilty of executing people both political and innocents. The Philippine government is harboring criminals that terrorize and rob people. The Philippine National police (PNP) and the military (Armed Forces of the Philippines) are supposed to protect the people; but we are all aware that these institutions violate people’s dignity and life and getting away with it.
CONTACT Email: aschool@riseup.net
LINKS
onsite.infoshop AnAnarchist and Autonomous Community-Based Resource Center in Muntinlupa City (Manila south), Philippines
EtnikoBandido infoshop and activity centre in
United Media Network Video activism for radical change!
Mindsetbreaker Press anti-authoritarian portal of ideas and action
INDONESIAized in the name of the law. When peasants and those defending the people’s rights are prosecuted, terrorized, intimidated, arrested or shot, it is a clear example that the state prefers to solve its problems with violence.
Meanwhile, the people who are standing in the way of capital’s expansion are themselves labeled.
The Forum for Communication between Agrarian Communities (FKMA) was conceived, formulated and formed by peasant farmers and other communities that have been victims of the collusion between the state and corporations to seize agrarian resources (living space).
JAPAN
ECOLOGICAL DESTRUCTION BY CORPORATION AND STATE (MINING PROJECT &RADIOACTIVE CONTAMINATION)
The Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident is the second largest nuclear disaster after Chernobyl. Approximately 30,000 people died of its accident, and currently, around 150,000 people still live in evacuation under government order or by their own choice and certain number of those people cannot go back to their home town forever because of high level of radioactive contamination.
Although it was triggered by a large earthquake and tsunami, this accident was definitely a human disaster. It means that an electric company and the national government are responsible due to a series of underestimations sustained by a “myth of safety”, such as that of the height of a possible tsunami, the possibility of a “station blackout,” and duration of power failures. In addition, confusing and misleading information, and also a deliberate concealment of information occurred.
In the background of this, there is the “Atomic Village” or “Atomic Circle,” a very closed relationship among politicians, government offices, academics, industrial leaders, and the media. Japan, has had no true independent regulator of nuclear issues. This disaster revealed out that Japan is the society simply determined by the economic growth led by the state policy.
In response to all these incidents, unprecedented enormous protests against nuclear society have been happening in Japan to get our destiny back to our own hands. The struggles are work in progress.
Further information regarding the protests:
Metropolitan Coalition Against Nukes
GERMANY
The German state as one of the powerful leaders in Europe and also in the world has to defend its capitalist interests by any means necessary. In the ongoing economical crisis in Europe, Germany is on the one side mainly responsible for the tragic situation in countries like Greece, Spain or Portugal where poverty and social exclusion is growing every day. On the other side the state and some of the big corporations make profit from this economical situation.
But concerning to one of the main topics (mining) at the Eco Camp, the German business is actively participating in the overexploitation of natural resources around the world and of course also in the Philippines. Since over 10 years the “Commerzbank “gave credits to the mining company Lepanto to support gold digging in the Cordillera region.
This area and their people are strongly affected through the environmental pollution. In the Tampakan area in Mindanao a Gold and Copper project was developed by the big Swiss mining company “ Xstrata“, one of the shareholders is the „Deutsche Bank“. This bank also gave loans to “Atlas Consolidated” to finance their copper mine in Toledo City, Cebu. But also other big companies, like for example “DHL“ try to make substantial profits out of this dirty economical practice. They provide everything what is needed to take care of the mining sector needs. These short examples show how German companies are involved in international mining.
Some additional short notices should highlight that Germany tries to consolidate their leading position as good as possible. Germany and their military forces intervene in different international conflicts, for example in Afghanistan, Syria or since some weeks in Mali.
Furthermore Germany takes part in developing new strategies of modern warfare to control social uprisings. In the middle of the country is the most advanced training center in Europe for practicing war and counterinsurgency. But beside this practice of prevention they do everything to fight possible enemies. Surveillance, repression and police brutality are only some ways to secure their power.
The struggle against capitalism is global. For international solidarity. Let’s light up the fire of revolt. For social revolution!
USA
The U.S. is in the last days of empire and is forcing a crisis on the population. The 2010 census shows that one in two Americans are struggling to survive. Several million people are homeless and half of all prisoners on Earth are locked up in U.S. jails. While the two political parties pretend to argue over policy they really share the same goals of supporting transnational corporate power.
Since Americans are in a period of what may be the final transfer of capital from the taxpayers to the elite the authorities are taking every measure to protect their interests from civil unrest. Federal and Sate governments are implementing policies to aid in a rapid increase in mining, oil extraction, timber harvesting and many other ecologically damaging activities which are also inspiring resistance. New legal policies give the president the power to kill or detain anyone including Americans without trial. For the first time since the civil war the military is empowered to wage war against the American people. Local police have been militarized with new equipment, training and powers.
The current economic crisis has inspired a new wave of anti-homeless laws and other forms of criminalization of the poor. The technology for surveillance is so sophisticated the authorities are able to monitor nearly all electronic communications and monitor nearly every movement of anyone conceders a threat.
Protests in the U.S. against the policies of the state and corporations have been frequent but Occupy Wall Street surprised both the activist community and the security forces. Many people who had never considered participating in a protest where moved to join because of their personal conditions. Many of the new protesters had voted for Obama believing here would bring change but he continued the policies that caused them to lose their jobs and homes. Occupy Wall Street also frightened the elite inspiring bans or limitations on the sharing of food in public spaces. This has in some cases caused the local community to support groups like Food Not Bombs. In late December 2012 a public interest law firm received nearly 200 pages of F.B.I. documents showing that the Obama administration was worried and started to monitor activists months before the occupations started. These documents show that the F.B.I. organized with private security to implement a wide range of disruptive tactics including organizing bombing plots in the name of occupy and a suggestion that the people considered to be the leaders be killed using suppressed sniper rifles. Since the disruption of occupy resistance in the United States has been in disarray. Efforts to regroup have been derailed by covert means within the movement.
After the evictions and disruption of the occupy movement many activists refocused their attention to stopping the XL Keystone Pipeline, the rapid increase in coal mining and the associated rail lines and super ports. There is also an increase in protests and direct actions against the rapid increase in hydraulic fracturing or fracking though no wide spread campaign of sabotage by the public has occurred yet. Fracking is a process of pumping toxic chemicals into the earth to force carbon to the surface. The contamination to fresh water and the surrounding ecosystem is already driving many into poverty as their land and homes have become worthless. This crisis is likely to grow dire when the tens of thousands of wells already in operation run dry during the decade and the small amount of profit shared with local land owners also evaporates.
It is very important that the Anarchists and other opponents of corporate and government domination start to work together and consider new strategies of resistance while at the same time organizing systems of mutual aid as the economy continues to collapse and the repression increases.
Millions more will become homeless and hunger is sure to increase in the United States. The new police state policies like the deployment of the military in local communities, advanced methods of surveillance and the promised use of over 30,000 drones patrolling American skies will make resistance challenging. Reaching the public with counter information and working with them to implement some effective strategies of resistance while building an alternative to the failing system will require reflection and critical thinking in the anarchist community.
Recent events like Katrina and Sandy, the occupations, increase in projects like community gardening show that the best hope for Americans can be found in the ideas of the anarchist community.
GREECE
“THE MINES OF HALKIDIKI ARE A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY THAT SHOULD NOT GO WASTED”
Soil, water and air are priceless, and belong to all of us. Gold, on the other hand, is an abstract concept that, especially today, acquires value when it functions as ‘money’, when it is used as an effort to counterbalance the ‘over-the-top money’, money invented out of thin air, that came into being three decades ago through bank lending and the stoke exchanges’ system of speculation and gambling. We have to point out the fact that only the 10% of the world’s extracted gold deposits is actually put in some tangible use. At the same time, the quantity of gold that is being used as ‘money’ in stoke exchanges and in the international monetary system is seven times more than the real quantity of gold which can be found in the planet.
‘Development and progress’ is the echo following the announcements concerning the goldmines, as well as the wind turbines on Lesvos and Limnos islands, and elsewhere, the waste incineration factories; all these plus innumerable other such crimes are presented as the antidote to the crisis, the same crisis that the development itself created. The case of the goldmines is the most extreme one, out of all these ‘developing crimes in the name of progress’, due to the fact that no one even dares to oppose the destruction that they are about to cause, but also because—as we all know by now—the multinationals will draw all the profit, apart from a short-term small portion that will go to a few hundred workers. Furthermore, it is not coincidental that this scandalous transaction scam of the northern-eastern Halkidiki mines took place during a period of affluence, at a time when no one paid any attention, while the realization of the mega-project, the actual construction of the mines, is pushed forward now, amidst the crisis. Here, we are faced with blunt blackmail: we have to either accept such a plainly and straightforward destructive proposition, or else we will not manage to survive.
The whole problem with the capitalistic growth is not simply that there are some businesspeople and politicians who are squeezing exorbitant profits out of everybody else, and in order to do so—always in the name of the profit—they will destroy the environment, but the plain fact that our lives are being governed by an international money mafia that kills humans, animals and the Earth. The true face of progress is one of a vicious circle that will constantly dictate even harsher terms in order to exploit more each time. Development manages to achieve this through the breaking up of communities and the weakening of individuals, bonding them tighter and tighter to the chariot of this mechanism of death and destruction called capitalism. Consequently, this ongoing collapse gives birth to certain types of people who fall prey to the blackmail—because they are so desperately looking for single-handed solutions that seem to be in their own self-interest—and eventually believe that their interests are the same ones with those of multinational corporations. They do not care about the impact that their choices have on the whole of society, the consequences of which will soon knock also on their door.
The system wishes to incapacitate us so that we are in no position to decide for ourselves. Its whole existence depends on whether we choose to bind ourselves to the dynamic engine of capitalism, in order to survive or even enjoy a share of the profits of the capitalistic growth. If we want to stand against this dictatorship of money, if we want to build another world, we cannot succumb to this blackmail of crisis that is offering further disasters and is driving us towards the desperate pursuit of a personal bailout while threatening entire communities with mass destruction. We can neither hand over our future to any sort of saviors. On the contrary, we must fight to defend common goods and resources. We must fight to put an end to the activities of these mega-companies and of all the politicians who are in their payroll. We must struggle to prevent the destruction of people’s communities.
Social solidarity, collective consciousness and human values are our weaponry.
We must meet and discuss: Which goods are necessary? Which are the values that we should fight for? How do we take decisions? How can we, ourselves, organize and take charge of our lives?
Whoever is silent is an accomplice to the crime…
OPEN COORDINATIVE OF THESSALONIKI AGAINST THE GOLDMINES“Dissertation.
In the weeks following the tragic school shooting in Newtown, CT, there have been renewed debates over the relationship between media violence, particularly as it is depicted in video games, and real-world acts of violence. However, the moral panic over allegedly violent media has a long history, fervor over which seems to periodically billowing up and recede like the tides. During the 1980s, there was a pervasive fear among a small but vocal collection of moral activists that there was a war going on for the minds and souls of children and teenagers more fierce than the Cold War. Media groups such as the National Coalition on Television Violence and the Parents’ Music Resource Council led campaigns against the perceived negative influence of media, tying the consumption of popular media such as television and rock music with delinquency and violent crime. In many respects, the campaign against violent video games in the early 1990s that led to the creation of the ESRB had its ideological origins in these earlier crusades.
One such media activist was Patricia Pulling. On, June 9, 1982, Pulling and her husband returned to their Montpelier, VA, home to find their son Irving, Jr., (Bink) dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. In the aftermath, the grief-stricken Pulling searched for an explanation, settling on Bink’s frequent play of the fantasy roleplaying game Dungeons and Dragons as the cause for his suicide. She connected D&D gameplay with an interest in the occult, arguing Bink committed suicide after a fellow player placed a “death curse” on him during a session. Thus began Pulling’s campaign to thwart the powers of darkness and spare other parents the tragedy she endured.
After an unsuccessful lawsuit against Bink’s high school, Pulling founded “Bothered About Dungeons and Dragons.” BADD distributed pamphlets and engaged in letter-writing campaigns to warn parents, teachers, and law enforcement officials of the insidious influence of the occult on teenagers. BADD also partnered with NCTV to petition the Federal Trade Commission to require D&D producer TSR to print warning labels on all their RPG materials, warning parents of their possible corrupting influences. Along the way she became a licensed private investigator and a self-styled “expert” on the occult and appeared on talk shows and at several criminal trials as an expert witness on “cult crimes.”
In 1989, Pulling teamed up with freelance writer Kathy Cawthon to compose her manifesto against D&D and the occult. The provocatively-titled “The Devil’s Web: Who is Stalking Your Children for Satan?” enumerated upon a vast Satanic conspiracy hell-bent on destroying traditional family values and luring impressionable teens into a world of sex, delinquency, violence, and death. Pulling held this conspiracy responsible for a litany of murders, both solved and unsolved, as well as such acts as graffiti and cattle mutilation (if you are having trouble visualizing the thought process, check out Jack Chick’s 1984 comic “Dark Dungeons“). Dungeons & Dragons and other “occult” media such as heavy metal music, according to Pulling, were just the first step on a dark road that led to violent crime:
“The child who is obsessed with occult entertainment may stop there, but he often moves on to satanic graffiti and cemetery vandalism. From that point, he easily moves on to grave robbing for items needed for occult rituals, and he is just a step away from blood-letting. Blood-letting begins with animal killings and mutilations and progresses to murder if intervention does not take place” (Pulling 41-2)
Despite her apocalyptic rhetoric, Pulling’s observations were largely based on conjecture, the testimonies of confessed murderers, and an extremely literal reading of D&D materials (for example, she interpreted the role of the Dungeon Master as a driving force of a campaign and arbiter of the game’s rules to mean something akin to a cult leader who forced players to sacrifice their free will). The Devil’s Web prompted science fiction author Michael Stackpole to publish “The Pulling Report” in 1990, in which he refuted many of Pulling’s claims and called her alleged credentials into question.
There is so much to extrapolate from The Devil’s Web, more than I can do justice for in a brief blog post. Her work reveals some of those anxieties over the role of mass media on teenagers and how some groups during the 1980s responded to what they perceived as a threat to the family unit and “traditional” moral values. In their crusade against Satan, Pulling and her followers were at the extreme end, but there were others who took on similar campaigns as well. I will be sure to elaborate on several more of them in the future.In the past, people came to teachings riding yaks and horses or walking on their own two feet. Then along came cars, buses, trains and airplanes. Then there were tapes and DVDs.
Now, it’s digital and online. "The call of the lama" is transmitting in cyber space.
As many people look to the internet for just about every aspect of their lives—medical, spiritual, financial, nutritional, etc. —cyber Dharma is exploding, creating new opportunities for teachings, practice and understanding. It's too soon to tell if this will accelerate our progress on the path. But while the jury is out, we must pay attention to, and care for, the evolution of vajrayana in cyber space.
It's not really about using cyber space for information, but can the requirements of Vajrayana be met in cyber space? How? What are the boundaries that should be honored?
Digital resources and lamas teaching in cyber space open us to new understandings and deeper understandings we might not have otherwise, especially when we take into consideration our geographical location, the proximity to, or lack of, Dharma centers and, of course, affordability.
However, as in the exploding world of constant online news, without the benefit of fact-checking, we can be led astray as accuracy—truth—is compromised.
Then, there’s the importance in vajrayana of generating a pure vision atmosphere for the teachings without physical support. What can presenters do to meet this requirement? How can participants conduct themselves in alignment with pure vision?
Moving on to the matter of empowerments and transmissions, etc.—various masters have expressed different points of view, favorable and unfavorable. What is the real question here? If genuine connection can happen through time, as evidenced by the practice of guru yoga, can it happen through video conferencing? Is cyber space best regarded as a support for in-person relationship?
There are also implications for sacred art as well. We've seen digital models of 3-D deities and mandalas for several years. Is this helpful or is it bypassing the mind training practice of visualizing?
What are your thoughts and experiences with Vajrayana Online?
I.
Posted by jinxxxygirl at 7:26 AM
4 comments:
Aw, kids, huh? My step son is a police officer and won't allow his wife to have a Facebook page. I tell him if he wants to see his kids' pictures he might as well get on FB because they're all over my page - LOL! You know you could always close the blog off to the public so people would have to request permission to get into it to read it. Anyway, which ever way you head on this keep me in the loop on the California thing because I am waiting with you!
Goodness Deb - I don't think you could get more generic than 'my daughter.'
Sorry to see you stop posting.
YOu gotta do what you gotta do. Will keep in touch. xox Corrine
that's too bad. Kind of crazy. I don't know how more vague you could be. Besides I don't care about her, I want you. I will stay in touch!The green continent might become a part of an Islamic state
The Indonesian Jemaah Islamiya terrorist group strives to set up an Islamic state in Southeastern Asia. Australia’s north is planned to be a part of this territory. This was reported by the Australian television company ABC with reference to the Philippine special services.
Jemaah Islamiya is considered to be involved in the recent act of terrorism on the resort island of Bali. Over 180 people (presumably, Australian tourists) were killed as a result of the blast in a night club. The UN, the USA, Australia, and Great Britain included the above-mentioned group on the list of terrorist groups. The groups’ leader, Abu Bakar, is now on the FBI’s wanted list of most dangerous terrorists. The special services of the USA and other countries are searching for other leaders of the group: Fathur Rohman Al-Ghozi and Riduan Isamudin. Thirteen Jemmah Islamiya activists have already been arrested.
ABC said that the secret agents of the Philippines obtained Jemmah Islamiya plan about the establishment of the Muslim state. The Philippines' national security adviser, Roilo Golez, said that the so-called Islamic state would consist of Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines. "Jemaah Islamiyah's vision of a pan-Islamic state includes parts of northern Australia," Golez said. The Australian Broadcasting Corporation presented evidence, according to which Al-Qaida-linked Jemaah Islamiya terrorist group was playing the leading role in terrorist activities in the southeast of Asia. Australia might be the terrorists’ object now as well.
Dmitry Chirkin.
“I Can Dream About You” first appeared in “The same guy that sings lead on that and “Countdown.”
“I Can Dream About You” was released in 1984 as a single from the soundtrack, and included on Hartman’s album I Can Dream About You, it reached #6 on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2006, the song appeared in the popular video game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories.
I Can Dream About You (Larry Levan Remix) 5:56
I Can Dream About You (Jellybean Remix) 7:31
Thank you!
Thank you EV this mixes are great
Thank you very much.What Small RIAs Do to Grow Assets
There’s no one best way to ensure healthy growth for small RIAs, which are some of the fastest-growing financial services companies in the nation, according to Financial Advisor magazine. But there are plenty of ways you can do it.
For some RIAs with less than $200 million in assets, all it takes is organic growth, the publication writes. That was the case for Fiduciary Wealth Management in Alexandria, Va., which came in first in asset growth among more than 600 firms analyzed by Financial Advisor magazine, growing assets by 175% last year. The firm, which manages $113 million, focuses on what it views as an underserved segment — smaller retirement plans, Christopher Broderick, president of the firm, tells the publication. The company added a third advisor, boosted assets per client by almost 30% and more than doubled the number of clients, according to Financial Advisor magazine.
Falcon Wealth Planning in Ontario, Calif., which doubled its assets in 2016, took a different tack, the publication writes. The RIA, which managed $69 million by the end of last year, went aggressively for referrals and managed to quadruple its clients’ average assets as well, according to Financial Advisor magazine. Gabriel Shahin, the firm’s principal, also started teaching finance at a university and appearing on a radio show, he tells the publication.
Inspire Investing in Hollister, Calif. meanwhile, grew its assets by 131% last year by going after a very niche market: clients who want to invest based on environmental, social and governance considerations from a conservative viewpoint, Financial Advisor magazine writes. Inspire’s CEO Robert Netzly tells the publication he hopes to grow the $55 million RIA into a $1 billion practice in the next decade.
“We are convinced that investing using Biblical standards is going to be the fastest-growing ESG investment in the future,” Netzly tells Financial Advisor magazine.
- To read the Financial Advisor article cited in this story, click here.- Alerts and notices
-
- Leave feedback
Internal Employees: Submit feedback
Fixed Assets CS helps you conserve paper by enabling you to print multiple pages of reports and forms on a single sheet of paper. To change the print options for individual reports and forms for the current print job, perform the following steps.
Note: To print all reports and forms duplex and/or 2 Up, set the options in the Setup > User Preferences > Page Layout tab.
- Open the desired client.
- Choose File > Print.
- In the Print dialog, select the reports and forms you want to print.
- In the Selected pane, highlight the report or form for which you want to change print options.
- Click the Options button.
- In the Options dialog, click the Page Layout tab.
- In the Duplex and 2 Up printing group box, click the appropriate option. (To view details on each option, see the Page Layout tab overview. To see how the reports and/or forms will print, see the Illustration of page layout options.)
- To force the report or form to print in landscape mode, mark the Print landscape checkbox. Note that this checkbox is not available for reports and forms that print in landscape mode by default.
- Click OK to return to the Print dialog.
- To change the print options for additional reports and forms, repeat steps 4 - 9.
Note: If you chose any of the duplex printing options, note that some combinations of operating system and printer cause the back page to print upside down. If this occurs, open the Select Printer dialog and select the appropriate option from the Invert duplex page 2 for field.The original Beyond Good and Evil back in 2003 became a cult classic, with fans clamouring for a follow up for years to no avail. The story of the sequel that never came spans from 2008 till late last year, when Michel Ancel, the director of the first game, finally gave the nod that another Beyond Good and Evil game was in development.
Ubisoft had first raised hopes in 2008 that Jade and Pey'j, BGE's principle characters, would make a return by releasing a CG trailer featuring the pair to promote BGE2. But after that trailer's release, and a subsequent leak of gameplay footage in 2009, all was silent at Ubisoft for a long, long time. By the middle of the following decade, many had assumed that the game had been permanently canned and would never re-emerge.
Then last year, Michel Ancel made a surprise announcement via Instagram: Beyond Good and Evil was, at very last, back in business.
The game that Ancel was talking about made a stellar appearance at this year's E3, and it looks a whole lot different from the one we glimpsed back in 2009. The scale, and ambition of Ancel's new Beyond Good and Evil 2 is enormous, and the project is now so dramatically changed that it barely resembles the original game.
We've gathered all the important information about Beyond Good and Evil 2 in one place, and will be updating this page as new details surface.
Beyond Good and Evil 2 release date: When can we monkey about in space?
According to Michel Ancel, Beyond Good and Evil 2 is at "day zero of development", and no release date has been hinted at, in spite of the game's showing at E3.
Why did it take so long to get to this point? Well, Ancel and his team spent an enormous amount of time working on the base tech for his ambitious project.
"So we waited for three years just working on the technology, so that now you can really travel across space, planets," said Ancel during the E3 livestream.
The game is clearly in its earliest phases, and though Ancel's team has created the tech on which the game will function, it's worlds away from a playable state. For that reason, our best guess is that Beyond Good and Evil 2 won't be with us until 2019 at the earliest.
Beyond Good and Evil 2 platforms: What can I play it on?
There hasn't, as of yet, been an official announcement about Beyond Good and Evil 2's platforms, but the "Space Monkey Program" – Ubisoft's method of keeping fans informed of the game's progress – allows users to select one of three devices: PS4, PC, or Xbox One.
It looks like Ubisoft is targeting these platforms, with no word yet on whether the game will be coming to Nintendo Switch.
Beyond Good and Evil 2 trailer: How's it looking?
Ubisoft's E3 trailer for Beyond Good and Evil 2 certainly caught everyone's attention. It's not every day that a major publisher releases wondrous animated sequences about a foul-mouthed monkey stealing from an equally foul-mouthed pig before jaunting off into space.
It's light-hearted, vibrant, energetic, and seems to carry with it the spirit and tone of the original game, albeit with a few totally unnecessary expletives.
Beyond Good and Evil 2 story: what happened to Jade and Pey'j?
Unfortunately we'll have to wait till another day to find resolution for Jade and Pey'j, the stars of the original Beyond Good and Evil. Ancel's team opted for a prequel, rather than a sequel, knowing that only a small number of its potential audience played the first game.
Beyond Good and Evil 2 takes place well before Jade was born, but Ancel has promised that the characters of the previous game will be honoured in some way.
The official game description reads as follows:
 the original game, Jade was determined to seek out and expose injustice, and it sounds like players will be faced with plenty of the same in Beyond Good and Evil 2.
Beyond Good and Evil 2 gameplay: Another straight-up action adventure?
Ancel and his team are setting their sights high with Beyond Good and Evil 2, which is a far broader, more expansive project than its predecessor.
We don't know much about the gameplay mechanics, mostly because the game is so early on in development, but we do know a few key facts. All of this, of course, is subject to change.
Space, and spaceships ahoy! Beyond Good and Evil featured a few vehicles, but BGE2 spaceships will be key. The game is being pitched as a space pirate adventure: players begin with nothing (Ancel suggests that you may start "delivering pizzas"), but slowly earn money to buy bigger and better ships.
It's going to be BIG: One of the principle reasons the game was delayed according to Ancel is that his team had to generate the scale tech that would let players freely explore rooms, ships, cities, planets, and solar systems, all within the same engine.
And we're not talking empty, procedurally generated environments where there's nothing to do, Ancel wants this to be a living and breathing universe full of quests and points of interest, ."
Check out this demo from E3 of Ancel showing off the scaleability of the game's engine.
."
According to Ancel, the entire experience features no loading screens. "Everything is seamless."
You can customise your character: Though Ancel can be seen playing around with the monkey from the trailer in the above game engine demo, you'll be able to choose your own character in Beyond Good and Evil 2. With a world full of human-animal hybrids to choose from, we're excited to see what options await.
We're fairly sure that the game will feature platforming and third-person combat, but exactly what form that will take remains unclear.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.after dragging our luggage from the onsen to the station (15-20 minutes walk) and a 3-hour ride on the shinkansen, we arrived at kansai. shin-kobe is where we alighted at. waited for pongie at the station, put our luggages in the huge lockers and went for lunch at ageha.
this quaint little cafe sells healthy food. :D i like.
there were butterflies everywhere.
reunion of the cuzzies! it’s been 2 years.
love the interior of the place.
i almost wanted to buy this bag.
pongie and i ordered the same set. simmered chicken with vegetables with multigrain rice. i think this meal is beyond healthy. HAHA! i don’t even eat like this back home.
cherzy’s indian curry set. not even a hint of spiciness.
Advertisements
why didnt you buy the tote bag?so nice!
quite ex leh. and the material is not worth the price. HOHODecimal Degrees:
Latitude: 34.8762042
Longitude: -93.4104659
Share your comments and photos of Long Mountain, a Summit in Yell County, AR
(Optional) Upload a photo taken at this location:
Submit
Stream: Shut-in Branch
Summit: Long Mountain
2 Places found nearby
New!
Tell others about this location or share a photo!
Time to build: 0.0470 Secs | Cached: 16-Jan-18 10:47 AMWhat constitutes a quote? Something short, snappy and meaningful? Or can it be long and eloquent -- such as the soliloquy from Hamlet I recited at every ampitheatre I came across when travelling in Greece, France and Italy? Or maybe a quote from a favourite book -- or a quote that inspired a favourite book?
So many to choose from, and I keep thinking of more as I write!
I collect quotes, write them down frequently, which only makes this harder. Here are a few that have meaning for me:
1. From Hamlet Act2, Sceneii?
(This is the quote mentioned above, and resonates with me mainly because of the scene at the end of the movie, Withnail & I . . . An explanation of this quote can be found here.)
2. From A man rides through, by Stephen Donaldson (chapter 32: The benefit of sons)
The metal of Geraden's character had been tempered by bitterness, polished by dismay.
(From one of my all-time favourite fantasy novels, this quote appeals because of the imagery and its appropriateness to my chosen field of study . . ..
Great quotes. Ah, Geraden... If not for my husband's vast dislike of the name, my first son would've been Geraden. Love the Shakespeare!
Oh yes, Geraden. One of my favourite heroes. Now Brashen is up there too . . . must find a quote from him that appeals!Alt-J Concert in Missoula – SOLD OUT
THIS SHOW IS SOLD OUT
Just when you thought the 2017 concert year couldn't possibly get more incredible, Logjam goes and announces Alt-J at the Wilma!
- Alt-J
- Wednesday, October 18th
- The Wilma
- $55 general admission floor & balcony, $69.50 reserved premium balcony seating
- Tickets are on sale this Friday, May 26th at 10 a.m. at the Top Hat, by calling 877-987-6487 and online
- The online only pre-sale is Thursday, May 25th from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m., sign up here to get the password.
- All ages, doors at 7, show at 8 p.m.
- Official Facebook event pageHow are mushrooms like humans? We can both convert sunlight to vitamin D in our skin!
So if you eat mushrooms, you can get all the Vitamin D you need!
Method 1: Sun Exposure
Key fact to know: Not all sunlight is the right wavelength to create Vitamin D. Sometimes the sun is out, but no Vitamin D synthesis can happen, either because it's too early/late in the day, or during the "Vitamin D winter" between around November - February (in the Chicago area).
So Method 1 only works when the sun is high in the sky in the full sun hours of the day (between around 10 am- 4 pm), between April and November (for folks as far north as Chicago).
Mushrooms can convert sun to Vitamin D AFTER THEY ARE HARVESTED. So you can buy regular, packaged or unpackaged mushrooms in the store (any kind my friends!) and this will work.
Simply spread them out on a tray and put them in full sun. I do it on my window ledge. Leave them for as long as you can/want-- 30 minutes, 2 hours, 6 hours, you name it.
If they are cut, great--that increases surface area for Vitamin D conversion. If they are not cut, put them GILLS UP.
The longer you leave them out, the higher the Vitamin D will rise. Even 30 minutes is worth it!
Method 2: UVB Light
You can't make Vitamin D on days when it rains. Or at 10 pm. Or in December in Chicago. But you CAN make Vitamin D from mushrooms any time, day or night, if you have a UVB light!
Lizards need UVB light exposure. You can take advantage of this to buy a UVB lizard light to use on your mushrooms. They come in all sizes and shapes.
You could attach one to something in your kitchen and create a permanent "mushroom irradiation" station. I couldn't find a good spot in my kitchen, so I decided to buy the absolute smallest UVB light I could find, keep it in a drawer, and take it out three/four times a week to shine on my mushrooms. This is what I bought.
Note: If you have never attached a UVB light into a UVB fixture, you have to TURN the ends of the light to click in to the fixture. Don't break the light. This video showed me how.
I shine it right over my mushrooms at a distance of about 4-5″ for five minutes. I prop it up on tissue boxes to position it over my mushrooms. Super easy!
Want more info? Google "Vitamin D mushrooms" for links like these:
Final note: some people say the Vitamin D you get from mushrooms, Vitamin D2, in inferior to Vitamin D3, which you get from your own skin. So perhaps try to get as much Vitamin D from the sun as you can, and when you can't...use mushrooms!
Science / Proof?
Yes!All the rails & stiles cut & stacked. The grooves for the panels were cut with a standard blade in two passes, flipping them end for end between passes to ensure they are centered. The tenons were made with my dado set on my TS.
Assembled & ready to trim to final size. They're made from red oak with 1/2" oak ply panels. They are recessed in front & have flush backs. The panels were rabbeted to form a tongue to fit the grooves in the rails & stiles. Because they are ply, I was able to glue them into the grooves, which makes for very strong doors.
Side note: Finally got a digital camera. The earlier shots on this site were made with a lo-res web cam, scanned prints from Polaroids (like the one above) or 4x6 prints from a 35mm film camera.
Everyone's favorite job: sanding. I made this downdraft table, but I don't have a DC. It works OK with my Craftsman 12 gallon vac, except the filter clogs pretty quickly. Because of the limited air flow, it works best with larger workpieces. For small workpieces, I cover part of the table with cardboard.
These will be joined to form the corner lazy Susan doors. The small pieces of sheet copper are shims I used to try to keep the panels centered when I assembled them. Had only limited success with that
Here's a close-up of the 35mm holes for the euro face frame hinges.
First wipe-on coat of Minwax Fast Dry poly, thinned 50% with MS & naphtha (about 2:1). I think I will need 6 applications, maybe 7. I'll get one more on tonight, one in the morning, one when I come home from work and maybe another before bed. With 9 doors to do & not much room to lay them down, I'll be at this all week. The blue tape is masking off what will be the right angle glue joint for the rotating corner cabinet door.
I have some leftover finish from my last project. Think it's still good?
(11-30-03)
Three doors down & six more to go, plus the drawer fronts. The difference in the color between the small & large doors is not nearly as much in real life as in this picture. I am hoping to be able to replace the lazy Susan hardware if it's still being made. The existing hardware is pretty worn & sloppy, but I guess it will have to do if I can't find an exact replacement.
All the cabinet doors are done. Starting tomorrow I'll make the drawer fronts & by the end of the week the job should be done.
(12-8-03)
I decided to use the same size stiles as on the doors, but in order to have a decent amount of panel I am using rails that are 1/2 the size of the other rails. Hope this doesn't look weird.
Here's how the false front will be attached to the opening below the sink. The corner blocks will locate the front, and the four toggles can be rotated to hold the front snugly in place. There's no room to get a screwdriver in there to secure the front in a more conventional way without removing the sink.
(12-10-03)
The job's all done with the installation of the drawer fronts. The new stainless steel oven is due this week. I'm not sure what I'll do about the dishwasher, which we're keeping. I reversed the black panel inserts to see how white would look, and I'm thinking about trying some wood or stainless steel inserts, too.
(12-12-03)
TopRyanair Transfers, powered by CarTrawler, gives travellers a direct connection to ground transport options across 33 European countries.
Ryanair Transfers, powered by CarTrawler, gives travellers a direct connection to ground transport options across 33 European countries.
Originally presented at FTE Asia EXPO 2017, AirlineTrends’ ancillary-focused presentation can now be downloaded for free.
Passengers will be able to earn frequent flyer points on Uber trips to and from certain airports in Australia when booking an Uber via the Qantas app.
Lufthansa Group has entered into a partnership with Winding Tree, which aims to make travel cheaper for consumers and more profitable for providers.
FTE explores the current state of in-flight connectivity in Asia and examines whether airlines in the region are well positioned to turn connectivity into a profit centre.
Passengers will be able to purchase products from multiple airport retailers and collect all of their items from a single collection point at the airport.
The ‘BARTA’ initiative could create up to €800,000 in Wizz Air Café sales, and boost revenues for Budapest Airport and Heinemann Duty Free.
Download AirlineTrends’ PAXEX360 Workshop slide deck, which was crafted especially for FTE Europe and Ancillary in Dublin.
Air New Zealand’s Manager Direct Ancillary Revenue, Commercial, Dianne Parry-Ernst, outlines the airline’s proactive attempts to integrate the digital world into its ancillary and passenger communication strategy.
Philippine Airlines (PAL) has introduced its latest ancillary inflight offering myPAL Surprise, which will enable passengers to pre-order gifts for their loved ones.
Customers of Lufthansa Group will now be able to pay with Amadeus Airport Pay for ancillary services while checking in.
Raymond Kollau, founder of AirlineTrends, explores the current state of in-flight retail and identifies new opportunities to increase ancillary revenues.
Ryanair will continue to develop its “Amazon of Travel” platform through better search tools, travel guides, express booking and onward transport partnerships.
easyJet has partnered with GetYourGuide to offer passengers access to tours and activities across Europe, and create a new ancillary revenue stream.
Get Future Travel Experience news & updates sent to your inboxWorldwide Offices
Market Profile - India
Supply/Demand Basics
- World’s fourth largest feed producer (after China, U.S., Brazil).
- World’s largest dairy herd.
- Big swings in monsoon weather creates production risk and stifle investment.
- Two main growing seasons - kharif and rabi - with kharif seeing 66% of the production.
- Large and sophisticated starch sector caters to India’s textile industry.
Country Overview
- Population: 1.237 billion
- Population growth: 1.19%
- Urban %: 32.7%
- Urban growth: 2.38%
- GDP: $7.965 trillion
- GDP growth: 7.3%
- GDP per capita: $6,200
- Predicted to be the most populous country by 2022.
- Women’s average age of first childbirth is under 20 years old.
- 47% o f the country’s population is under 24 years old.
- Demonetization efforts negatively impacting economy.
Trade and Market Share Issues
- Industrial corn/starch industry expected to grow by 5% to almost 2.8 MMT.
- Potable alcohol industry consumes around 1.25 MMT of corn and rising.
- A rising and major importer of U.S. industrial grade ethanol.
- World’s worst air quality is creating momentum for more fuel ethanol blending.
- National corn yield exceptionally low at 2.5 mt/ha.
- Ease of doing business is low due to India’s notorious bureaucracy, but it is improving.
- 2016 year over year gasoline consumption growth at 12%.
Policy Issues
- Bt cotton is widely accepted and adopted.
- Corn import TRQ allocations (500 TMT) are slow and ineffective, 50% out of quota duty.
- No effective mechanism to approve transgenic varieties (GEAC).
- Minimum support price (MSP) policy for corn.
- Illegal to blend domestically produced grain alcohol into fuel.You may get many information channels, sports activities, audio or clips, you think that of it. Tubidy is definitely an all spherical web-site where you locate humorous clips to share with your pals.Using this organization people are sorted out inside of a enjoyable way. You do not be concerned about the structure or handset on This website
Nevertheless, there remain many things which Tubidy lacks but FvdTube.com offers. Initially along with the foremost detail that you'll find greatest on FvdTube.
Not every single video could be saved to observe later, but a lot of can. By introducing videos towards your Observe Later playlist, you are able to obtain them when you have more time to watch.
Paste the URL into your conversion software package. Open up your new conversion program and paste the URL into the suitable box (it will eventually probable say “paste URL” or something related). To stick, appropriate click on your mouse and choose “paste”, or strike ctrl+v (over a Computer) or command+v (on a Mac).
Both equally personal persons[224] and large generation companies[225] have utilised YouTube to grow audiences. Unbiased written content creators have crafted grassroots followings numbering inside the hundreds at very little Charge or effort, whilst mass retail and radio promotion proved problematic.[224] Concurrently, old media superstars moved into the web site on the invitation of a YouTube administration that witnessed early content material creators accruing substantial followings, and perceived viewers dimensions probably bigger than that attainable by television.[225] While YouTube's revenue-sharing "Companion Plan" made it feasible to earn a considerable residing to be a video producer—its top 5 hundred companions Each individual earning much more than $one hundred,000 each year[226] and its ten optimum-earning channels grossing from $2.
Tubidy.mobi can be an terrific search application engine for cell 3gp videos. Tubidy Cellular Video Search is for all who are certainly enthusiastic and obtained habituated to look and watch Tubidy 3gp videos on their own Mobiles. Getting Tubidy a java centered application that allows cell end users to observe many of the videos in 3gp formats along with in MP4 format.
Blogged 50 Play all The ideal music, buzziest videos, and hottest new artists trending over the internet right now.
[346] Creators may also decide to maintain or delete responses with links or hashtags so as to beat spam. They may also let other buyers to moderate their reviews.[347]
Click "convert". When you’ve pasted your YouTube online video's URL into the right box to the conversion Web-site, simply click the “change” button.
It demonstrates the portrait manner sideways on my More information display so i get half of your screen of my sub feed at the best 50 percent of my mobile phone sideways when The underside 50 % of my screen is black. Its actually aggravating and there has been at the very least three-four bug fixes which nonetheless is not mounted. Many thanks For Fixing Area Time Continuum
You could always return and down load an increased-excellent Variation of your file by simply repeating the download course of action and deciding on an increased excellent. Don’t be afraid to experiment with file measurements to find what works most effective to suit your needs.
[287] YouTube depends on its consumers to flag the articles of videos as inappropriate, in addition to a YouTube worker will watch a flagged video to determine no matter if it violates the site's tips.[287]
Sort “YouTube to MP3 browser extension” into your online search engine. This could deliver up a listing of browser extensions — also called “insert-ons” — from which you could choose.
In December 2011, YouTube released a new version of the internet site interface, Using the movie channels displayed within a central column on the house page, just like the news feeds of social networking internet sites.[fifty three] Concurrently, a new version on the YouTube logo was launched which has a darker shade of purple, the main alter in design and style due to the fact Oct 2006.
Links
Visitors
- 68 VisitorsLeadCaster features put more business intelligence data at user’s finger tips, so they can convert more leads to sales, more efficiently than ever before. And that is ultimately our goal, to help our customers improve their ROI.
Campbell, CA (PRWEB) May 31, 2013
VisiStat, a cloud-based digital analytics service for business, marketing and lead generation, announced the launch of two major product versions: VisiStat 10.0, and LeadCaster 4.0. These two robust product updates are packed with greatly enhanced new features dedicated to increase customer lead conversions and deliver more business intelligence to the B2B customer.
New features include advanced Lead Search, comprehensive Lead Scoring, Live Leads, and Lead History. In this new release, all lead capture information is presented on one screen, bringing all data together for simple review and fast action by the user. For advanced Lead Search, a simple interface makes it easy to use complex queries to better narrow down and define specific information for their immediate needs, and Lead Scoring and Engagement now provide over a dozen preferences to quickly float leads to the top of user reports and/or to their email inbox, all in real-time.
“Our product development and IT teams have been working tirelessly to take VisiStat to the next level. We listen very carefully to our customers, and historically, many of the updates and upgrades on our products come directly from user suggestions and needs. For VisiStat 10 and LeadCaster 4, this is especially true. With the powerful new lead tools, elegant new dashboard, streamlined reporting access, faster response times and greater filtering options, VisiStat is an incredibly robust and elegant reporting, lead generation and sales tool for any SMB or SME. The greatly enhanced LeadCaster features put more business intelligence data at our user’s finger tips, so they can convert more leads to sales, more efficiently than ever before. And that is ultimately our goal, to help our customers improve their ROI,” said Stephen Oachs, VisiStat CEO.
VisiStat offers full 14-day free trials, training webinars and personal customer service. Contact VisiStat at 408-340-7440 for more information, and sign up for your free trial at.FRIDAY FOTO (February 1, 2013)
February 1, 2013 at 12:47 am Leave a comment
Night Moves
An MV-22 Osprey prepares for take off for a night low-altitude training mission at Antonio Bautista Air Base in Puerto Princesa, Palawan, Philippines.
The crew of the hybrid rotor and fixed wing aircraft, which is conducting day and night low-altitude training, is assigned to Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron 265, Marine Aircraft Group 36, 1st Marine Aircraft Wing, III Marine Expeditionary Force.
Entry filed under: Aircraft, Asia-Pacific, FRIDAY FOTO, National Security and Defense, Naval Warfare, Photos, Skills and Training, Technology, Weaponry and Equipment. Tags: helicopter, Marine Corps, military aviation, MV-22 Osprey, Navy, night operations, Philippines, Topics.
Trackback this post | Subscribe to the comments via RSS FeedFeatured below are our most popular sympathy tributes, available to order online. If you would like a more inidividual design or have a special request we would be happy to help. Please call us to discuss your requirements. For all funeral tributes, please provide the name of the deceased, delivery address (usually funeral directors) date of funeral (and time if known) . If you require any help or advise please do not hesitate to contact us.
Please select from one of our sympathy design styles below:
SaveSavePosted 16/09/2017
Servants of the God-Emperor
This weekend sees a pair of releases from Black Library shedding light on some of the Imperium’s foremost defenders in the age of the Dark Imperium.
‘Watchers of the Throne: The Emperor’s Legion’ pulls back the curtain on the protectors of the Throneworld itself, as the Custodian Guard and the Sisters of Silence take the spotlight. When Terra faces the gravest threat it has experienced in millennia – a host of daemons determined to tear the heart from the Imperium – it falls to these deadly warriors to defend the Emperor and all that he built. The novel is written by Chris Wraight, who is no stranger to the Imperial Palace, having written a tale of intrigue and adventure set there in ‘The Carrion Throne’, and this promises to be another fitting exploration of all that Terra has to offer.
‘The Emperor’s Legion’ is available to order now in hardback, or to download straight away in eBook and MP3 audiobook formats (you can also get the latter in the Black Library audio app), or if you fancy something, well, fancy, you can get the lavish special edition. This glorious artefact features bespoke artwork on a decorative leather-effect hardcover, and inside you’ll find marker ribbons, an introduction by Chris and a bonus short story! Chris has hand-signed each copy, of which there are just 1,000 available. You can only get this special edition from the Black Library website, and we suspect it’ll sell fast, so you’d better hurry!
What if you just have to own the special edition, but don’t want to wait to read the story? We’ve got you covered, with a bundle offer – buy the special edition and get the eBook half price, ready to download and read while you wait for your fancy pants books to arrive and take pride of place on your shelf.
Also out this weekend is ‘Eye of Night’, an audio drama by Gav Thorpe featuring the Inquisition. You may remember this from Audio Week a few months ago, where it was released in three instalments – well now it’s available as a single MP3, as well as on CD. It stars Inquisitor Greyfax, one of the newer agents of the Inquisition to be introduced to Warhammer 40,000, as she is tasked by Roboute Guilliman with recovering an ancient and deadly artefact being used by the forces of Chaos to further their infernal schemes. Her quest will unite her with an inquisitor long thought dead, and pit her against one of the founders of her order, now a servant of darkness…
Download ‘Eye of Night’ now from blacklibrary.com and the Audio App, or order the CD – perhaps along with your copy of ‘The Emperor’s Legion’. Both of these titles will start shipping next week.
Share this:
- Latest News & Features
- Black LibraryNichole from NoFriendAsLoyal has nominated me for the Versatile Blogger Award – Thanks! It’s nice to know that people enjoy reading my blog 🙂
According to the rules, I now have to…
- Display the award certificate on your blog.
- Write a post linking back to the blogger who nominated you, and share 7 things about yourself.
- Nominate 15 other bloggers.
- Inform them of their nomination with a comment on their blog.
So 7 things about me.
- I hate the heat. We’re currently experiencing yet another long stretch of 40+ degree days (and 30+ degree nights… ugh) and I can barely think straight. I can’t sleep properly, the gym is so not appealing in this weather, and I cannot even face cooking. Bring on Winter.
- My all time favourite TV show is Criminal Minds. I own all the series on DVD and I do enjoy a good marathon
- I am not good at early mornings – yet I choose to live an hour away from my workplace. Good thing I can sleep on the train!
- I have always been a big reader, from childhood upwards. Mum used to have to pry the book out of my hand to make me eat dinner, breakfast, go to bed and get out of bed. We’d go to the library and I’d walk out with 15 or more books, and be done with half of them in a couple of days
- I am currently studying a post-graduate diploma in Clinical Education
- My favourite genres to read are general fiction, crime novels, and I’m getting more into YA of many genres
- I love strawberries, mangoes and tomatoes – home-grown tomatoes especially
And now I nominate some of my favourite blogs
- Chelsea at Confessions of a Beauty Addict
- Meg at Write Meg
- Gaby at Queen Ella Bee Reads
- Hannah at So Obsessed With
- Jana at That Artsy Reader Girl
- Maggie at Just a Couple More Pages
- Chiara at Books for a Delicate Eternity
- Chris at 61 Musings
Looking forward to reading everyone’s posts!>>.
Still Game season 3←Still Game season 2 Still Game season 4→
Air weekdate:Friday Cast:Greg Hemphill, Ford Kiernan, Paul Riley, Paul Young, Sanjeev Kohli, Gavin Mitchell, James Martins, Lynne McCallum, Mark Cox, Jane McCarry, Scott Reid, Jake D'arcy, Robert Carr, Shamshad Akhtar Genre:Comedy Channel:BBC One Status:Continuing
Still Game season 3 episodes list:...
?
...
The Neds (hooligans) begin a reign of terror in Craiglang. Jack and Victor contact an old friend to come to town and take matters in his giant-sized hands. If they can just keep him away from the Midori... Meanwhile, Winston's taking up a valued place at the local supermarket and suddenly finds that Craiglang has become a fair model for Sing Sing...
...
?
Call the Enrolment Team on 020 3884 2423
We hold assessments every weekend at various Bannatyne Health Clubs. All of our dates are viewable by clicking on the assessment centre location. To book your assessment please call the assessment team!
For more information on any of our personal trainer qualifications call our expert friendly team on 020 3884 2423 and change your career today.
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …
© 2018 FitLearn.
NCFE Registration No: 846641. REPs Endorsed-  payroll checks with zero net pay, you can specify in the check layout that the a VOID notation be printed across them.
To activate this feature for existing check layouts:
- Choose Setup > System Configuration > Layout Editor.
- From the Layout Editor window, open the desired check layout.
- Choose Insert > Shaded Region > "Void" Check Region, and place the void region over the area of the layout(s) where you would like the word VOID to print.
- To preview how the work VOID will appear on the check, choose Layout > Preview Sample.
See also: About the Layout EditorRabbit
Purchase
Colour
Product Description
Cream coloured Rabbit. Self coloured ribbon, inner ears and paws. Complies with EN71 European Toy Safety regulations. This cream rabbit will be a perfect gift or promotional item. It can be dressed in any of the Mumbles Clothing Collection. Complies with EN71 European Toy Safety Regulations. Suitable for all ages. Size Height: 36)WELWYN GC laid their hoodoo to rest against St Margaretsbury, the club against whom they have their worst SSML record, with this competent midweek home victory.
The Saints may currently lie fourth bottom of the table, but historically, have always had the edge over WGC. In 24 meetings since 1998-99, the Citizens had won just five prior to this win and had lost 14!
And WGC had to overcome two penalties given against them by match referee Jeff Aldous in this game.
The victory puts Adam Fisher’s side a point behind Wembley, who recently completed a double over WGC, in the quest for the coverted fourth spot, that gains exemption through two rounds of next season’s FA Vase. At the moment, five points separate six teams, bidding for fourth place.
Manager Fisher made changes from the fine win at Hertford, at goalkeeper, where Ollie Leslie replaced Jack Metcalfe and in midfield, where George Brinkman returned after suspension and Craig Arnott came in for teenager Charlie Rome, who was on the bench.
Arnott had WGC’s first serious shot in five minutes, his instant snapshot winging just wide.
A St Mags’ effort from midfielder Danny Charles, struck first-time from a Ryan Wade free-kick met the same fate.
Then on 14 minutes, WGC were ahead. Josh Bronti chased an overhit cross out of the area, retrieved it and and laid it square for Arnott to take it down and volley home for a fine, opening goal.
The ex-Colchester player had an early chance for a second minutes later, but this time blasted over the top.
Bronti brought a tip over save from Saints’ keeper Adam, Seymour on the half-hour and when the visitors’ Jordan Mackenzie got clear of the home defence and also tried his luck, Leslie had to do the same in the home goal.
Then on 37 minutes, Mr Aldous awarded the first penalty, as visiting forward Dan Di Lieto went down in a tangle of legs with WGC full-back Paul Morris. The referee felt the defender was the culprit and booked him. Wade’s spot-kick was beaten away in fine style by a full length save from Leslie, but the rebound went straight back to the taker, who rammed it home for 1-1 at half-time.
Young full-back Will McClelland hit a dipping volley just past a post at the start of the second-half, but eight minutes after the restart, St Mags were awarded a second spot-kick, again for a foul on Di Lieto, this time by the experienced Jason Coughlan, who also earned a caution.
Wade made a real hash of this effort, putting his penalty yards wide of Leslie and the home goal!
Taishan Griffith, recovered after a recent car accident, replaced Coughlan on the hour and moments later, keeper Seymour made an outstanding double save with his legs, firstly thwarting Marcus Campbell’s effort as the forward ran clear through the visiting defence and then getting off the ground to block Bronti’s follow-up in similar fashion.
But moments later, on 64 minutes, Seymour was beaten. Again Bronti did the spadework, retrieving an overhit ball and this time teeing up the incoming George Brinkman, who struck it home low past the keeper from the edge of the area.
Ashley Kersey had the ball in the St Mags’ net nine minutes later, but was clearly offside, turning in a Campbell pass, but eight minutes from time, Campbell made sure of the points when the same pair combined.
Kersey rose highest to a long ball from the back and headed down for Campbell to run through and finish with a sweet effort into the far corner to ensure three crucial points.
WGC: Leslie, McClelland, Coughlan (Griffith 60), Payne, Morris, Brinkman, Long, Arnott (Rome 79), Bronti, Kersey, Campbell (Araba 88).If the premiere for the Season 7 of Game of Thrones is any indication, winter has definitely arrived and the Starks will own this season. Not only the Starks, but with the upcoming war against the Night King's army, the North will have a big part to play in the future of Westeros. In the premiere, Cersei named her enemies to her brother Jaime as she walked through her newly painted map of Westeros. And, even though she was right to mention the Sand Snakes of Dorne and Lady Olenna of Highgarden, Cersei failed to reckon that her most dangerous enemies lay way up North.
With Arya heading South to "kill the queen," Sansa putting Littlefinger back in his place, and Lady Mormont kicking some serious grown men's butts, the Lannister queen had better wander a little higher on that map of hers.
As the events of the #GameofThronesSeason7 premiere will be discussed herein, heavy spoilers will follow.
Sansa Stark
Much like Daenerys, Sansa has evolved and grown a lot through the hardships she's endured in the course of seven seasons. She's learned her lessons the hard way and, as Sansa herself conceited in the premiere, some of those lessons she got from Cersei Lannister. Perhaps the best example of Cersei's teachings happened in the siege of King's Landing, back in Season 2. In the episode "Blackwater," Cersei tells Sansa what is expected of a queen in times of war, and paints a pretty vivid picture of what would happen to them in case the king fell.
Sansa has also learned a lot by being in the background of Cersei's schemes in King's Landing, so much so that Sansa now knows how to handle herself around Littlefinger — one of the most deceiving men in Westeros. She's giving sound advice to Jon Snow, while building him up as King in the North, and she knows that Cersei is someone who should be respected, if not feared. Clearly, if the time ever comes for Sansa to face her former nemesis, Cersei will be unpleasantly surprised with some of the pages the 'Little Dove' has taken from her book.
Lyanna Mormont
The young bear lady is so cute that makes you want to hug her to death (which you probably shouldn't do, because she'd break your neck) nevertheless, Lyanna has proved time and again that her age and gender have little to do with her valor, courage and honor. Last season, she shook the North when she volunteered her 62 men to Jon Snow — who were worth ten of any other Northern man — and when she showed just how low her appreciation for Ramsay Bolton was with this sneer.
In this new season of Game of Thrones, Lyanna once more stood tall, and taught Lord Glover a thing or two about girl power. Lady Mormont, probably more than any other Northern Lord, understands the seriousness of the threat the Night King poses with his army of undead. She's vowed to train every man, woman and child on Bear Island, gathering looks of respect from everyone in the hall at Winterfell. Without a doubt, her grandpa, the late Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, Ser Jeor Mormont, would be very proud.
Arya Stark
Once the tomboy who would constantly defy the rules and carry her Needle around, Arya has become a seasoned killer with nerves of steel and a thirst for revenge. She killed her first man right after the Red Wedding, when she and the Hound chanced upon some Frey men bragging about the deed. Last season, we all thought she'd exorcised her demons when she cut Walder Frey's throat, after feeding him parts of his dead sons. Little did we know that Arya Stark was not finished at all.
The #GameofThrones' premiere cold opening, showed us a girl still had business at the Twins, and she soon killed all the remaining Frey men with poisoned wine. Her message was clear: the North remembers and it's time for the reckoning. But, regardless of her faceless assassin training, Arya Stark proved she's not yet completely gone to the dark side, as she calmly shared a meal with Lannister soldiers without killing any of them — yet. And, she's not shy about her intentions either, since she openly declared her purpose for riding south: "I'm going to kill the queen."
Whilst Daenerys poses a huge threat to Cersei's reign, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms would do well not to discard the Northern ladies so easily. Not to mention Meera Reed and Brienne (who isn't technically of the North, but serves the Starks) who would gladly remind Cersei of the one lesson she tried to teach Joffrey back in the day: "the North can not be held and when the winter comes the seven Gods together couldn't save you or your royal army."
Who do you think will prevail in the end? The Lion of Casterly Rock or the Wolf of Winterfell?OUIDAH, BENIN - THE BIRTHPLACE OF VOODOO AND THEIR ANNUAL VOODOO FESTIVAL
Benin formerly known as Dahomey.
Trance voodoo dancers arriving at Ouidah for voodoo festival
Voodoo followers from other part of Africa arriving at Voodoo festival in Ouidah,Benin
According to the Voodoo tradition, there is one supreme god, who is known by different names in different parts of the world. In Haiti, for example, he is called Bondye, which comes from the French bon dieu, meaning "good god."
Djabassi Manonwomin, a voodoo priestess, centre, during the annual Voodoo Festival in Ouidah, Benin, on Thursday, Jan. 10, 2013. AP / Sunday Alamba
Regardless of which name people use, the primary god is immensely powerful and beyond the reach ordinary followers. For this reason, Voodoo practitioners must rely on hundreds or thousands of other spirits to communicate with god.
Voodoo followers at ouidah Voodoo festival in Benin,home of Voodoo..
Traditional Drummers at annual Ouidah voodoo festival.
Voodoo supreme "POPE' Dagbo Hounon Tomandjre (in the middle) arrives for a festival.
Trance Dancer in full flight at Voodoo festival,Ouidah,Benin.:
Agbaza dance at the colorful voodoo festival,Ouidah
Voodoo shrines
-.
Voodoo, or Vodun as it known locally, is an officially recognised religion, claiming 40% of the population as adherents..
vodussi at oiudah voodoo festival.
At the same time each year this flamboyant festival takes place which involves a week of activity.
It culminates with people from across Benin as well as Togo and Nigeria descending on the city for the final day. As the religion's followers gather - along with tourists - devotees in animal skins chant and dance as locals drink Gin.
The festival features Nigerian 'voodoo spirits' walking the streets. Each spirit represents the reincarnation of a dead member of the Nigerian 'Nagu' clan.
Egungun masquerades
The festival also features 'Egungun' spirits from the Nigerian Yoruba Clan. The Egungun are masqueraded dancers that represent the ancestral spirits of the Yoruba - a Nigerian ethnic group which are believed to visit earth to possess and give guidance to the living.
Nigerian ‘Egungun’ spirits shuffle through the narrow streets in intensely colourful dress, imparting wisdom in their inimitable high pitched ‘squeaky’ voices.
Shrouded in mystery and often misunderstood, voodoo was acknowledged as an official religion in Benin in 1989. It is increasing in popularity with around 17 per cent of the population now following it.
The festival takes place every year in January.
Nigerian Voodoo masquerades at Ouidah voodoo Festival (. )
Pope Benedict meets Benin Voodoo worshipers at Ouidah
Voodoo New Year: Benin's witchcraft festival
Thundering drums. Whirling, bare-breasted women. Necklaced men slashing their bodies with knives and pouring alcohol over the wounds. Welcome to one of Africa's most sensational events: the New Year Voodoo Festival.
Staged annually on January 10, the festival unfolds at "the cradle of voodoo", Ouidah: a seaside town in Benin, the West African country between the equator and the Tropic of Cancer.
The constant beat of drumming throughout the day and into the night draws people into the secluded courtyards of Voodoo priests to discover secret ceremonies in hidden shrines and temples
Roots
For centuries, Ouidah was a regional slave trafficking hub. Sometimes trapping slaves in nets, European traders shipped hundreds of thousands from Ouidah to the Americas and the Caribbean.
Pain parade
In the victims' memory, National Voodoo Day festival marchers re-enact the 3-kilometre trek from Ouidah's downtown slave auction block to the harbour. Led by the supreme voodoo chief — a pagan pope — marchers pause to pray at pilgrimage points.
A woman leaves a voodoo ceremony in Ouidah, Benin,�carrying blood from an animal sacrifice.
One point invested with particular meaning is the mermaid statue marking the old spot of a bizarre plant called the Tree of Forgetfulness. Back in the day, departing slaves circled the tree nine times, in step with the belief that the rite would make them forget their identity. Some chance; Voodoo's persistence underlines that the brainwashing failed.
Voodoo worshipers after performing rituals to Mami wata goddess at Ouidah
Ouidah's most striking memorial — the giant Gate of No Return arch — looms at the end of the slave trail, by the sea. A mural spanning the top of the gate shows manacled Africans walking out through the waves, toward a future of permanent hardship — if they survived far beyond the Bight of Benin..
Trance party
While dancing marchers circle the gate, horse racers tear across the golden-brown beach. Above the thumping of hooves and drums, loudspeakers blast Congolese music at the throng, which consists of everyday Africans mingling with snazzily dressed royals and entranced, chanting priests.
A dancer in a state of 'Trance' performs at a Voodoo Ceremony on January 9, 2012 in Ouidah, Benin.
Priests shower blessings on followers sipping 'libations' (firewater offerings to the gods). Human haystack 'Zangbetos' meant to police proceedings spin hypnotically.
The spectacle shows that, despite its B-movie black magic image, voodoo means more than pin-skewered dolls, sacrificial virgins and zombies loping through the night of the living dead. Voodoo is about celebration — embracing the values of peace and prosperity, enthusiasts say.
A man enters a state of trance during a Voodoo ceremony on January 7, 2012 in Ouidah, Benin
Gorefest
Animals play a major role as they are selected and sacrificed, the blood poured on the ground as offerings. It is an intense scene and a spectacle not often witnessed by outsiders
Plus, they slaughter a goat, in honour of the python spirit at the heart of the voodoo religion, the cutely named 'Dangbe', who has his own Ouidah temple housing over 400 royal pythons pampered by snake cult devotees.
Waiting for the Voodoo priest, a goat slaughtered during the festival.PHOTO: BY OYASAF DOCUMENTARY PHOTOGRAPHER, OGUNTIMEHIN ARIYO
Vanishing act
Voodoo's sensual emphasis on snakes and the like failed to please Benin's former ruler Mathieu Kerekou. During the 1970s, Kerekou (a military Marxist) banned voodoo because it conflicted with the socialist work ethic, he reckoned. He was probably right.
Beginning the voodoo ceremony in Benin. Photos
by Marilynn Windust
Revival
His bludger-friendly successor, however, repealed the ban. When Kerekou was re-elected to office, Beninese refused to recognise his authority until he caved and took an oath of office that specifically mentioned ancestral spirits.
Now, irrespective of whether it erodes productivity, about 60 percent of Benin's 9 million people embrace the faith.
"Magic forms an enormous part of daily Beninese life and is likely to be your enduring memory of the country," writes explorer Stuart Butler in the Bradt Benin guide. "At times you could be forgiven for thinking that everyone you meet is a magician." Butler argues that voodoo is more potent than anything Harry Potter can throw your way.
WOMAN DANCING DURING A CEREMONY OF INITIATION
Force field
A Tourist experiencing how Vudu Python Shrine looks like at Ouidah
Voodoo disciples believe in a Star Wars-style 'force' that courses through everything. The show is run by a supreme god with the help of a shower of spirits running into the hundreds.
Temple of Pythons in Ouidah
Pythons apart, just about everything you care to name has VIP voodoo status. The roll call includes the earth, the wind, thunder, giant baobab trees and vampire bats: all mixed into one magic mashup.
Voudun and Slavery’s Legacy in Ouidah (Africa)
Groundswell
Because Benin, sandwiched between Nigeria and Togo, is off the average radar, its spiritual shindig has yet to become a massive tourist magnet. But that may change. Already, scores of slave descendants and voodoo followers from as far afield as Haiti and the US attend. And the backpackers are coming ...
start dancing at Voodoo Festival in Ouidah,Benin
Shake a tailfeather
If you go, whatever your take on the occult, you must admire the theatre. Watch out for the master magician in a sequined top hat, strolling under an umbrella held by a servant.
If you have no idea what to wear, feathers and face paint are a good look. Carry water to offset the heat and the effect of your glass of fiery moonshine that may be magically, repeatedly refilled.
Children at Voodoo festival
KPESSE SACRED FOREST OF VOODOO GODS
This Sacred Forest in Ouidah (is where Abojevi was born). The forest has a number of statutes of vodun spirits and practitioners. Legend has it that centuries ago King Kpasse fled his enemies by escaping into the forest and turned himself into a tree called the Iroko tree.You’ll see Legba, with his large erection, Abojevi’s favourite god. Abojevi also was a fan of the serpent god and would love the python temple. Remember our community was also called Dangbe comme (serpent community). You’ll also see Shango, god of thunder with the horns and red arrow in his mouth. Hopefully we’ll get to see the sacred forest ourselves one day. (!)
Here is the chameleon ...
entrance to the kpesse sacred forest in benin
Kpasse Sacred Forest
A gigantic centralized false cola nut tree in the Kpasse Sacred Forest. Cotonou, Benin. Photo ©Tom Ritchie
Voodoo chiefs walk past The Point of No Return monument, which commemorates the slave trade during the annual Voodoo Festival in Ouidah, Benin, on Thursday, Jan. 10, 2013. AP / Sunday Alamba
A man slaughters a goat at the Temple of Pythons during the annual Voodoo Festival in Ouidah, Benin, on Thursday, Jan. 10, 2013. AP / Jon Gambrell
Iroko tree in Sacred forest in Ouidah
In 1988 this tree fell during a storm. Next day, as they were preparing to take the tree away, it rose back to its place. that is why they protect it now - people come for luck etc.
voodoo girls
Jean Zossoujbo, a guide at the Temple of Pythons, shows a python to a visitor at the temple in Ouidah, Benin, on Wednesday, Jan. 9, 2013. AP / Sunday Alamba
BENIN, GRAND POPO. Annual meeting of voodoo cult followers in January 1998
beautiful, the mother of all known religions, a source of psychotherapy and real power without weapons with a natural justice system build in: power abused will be punished!
I would be happy if i get help to madam Good god Bondye place
Satan at his dirty tricks again and the Pope should be condemned for not speaking to these deluded people the same way Paul spoke to the Athenians.ICD-10 Diagnosis Code T79.4
Traumatic shock
Diagnosis Code T79.4
Short Description: Traumatic shock
Long Description: Traumatic shock
This is the 2018 version of the ICD-10-CM diagnosis code T79.4
Not Valid for Submission
The code T79.4 is a "header" and not valid for submission for HIPAA-covered transactions.
Code Classification
- Injury, poisoning and certain other consequences of external causes (S00–T98)
- Certain early complications of trauma (T79)
- Certain early complications of trauma, NEC (T79)
Information for Medical Professionals
References found for the code T79.
- Shock (immediate) (delayed) following injury
-
NEC "Not elsewhere classifiable"
This abbreviation in the Alphabetic Index represents "other specified". When a specific code is not available for a condition, the Alphabetic Index directs the coder to the "other specified” code in the Tabular List.  (Medical Encyclopedia)
- Cardiogenic shock (Medical Encyclopedia)
- Hypovolemic shock (Medical Encyclopedia)
- Septic shock (Medical Encyclopedia)
- Shock (Medical Encyclopedia)
[Read More]Technically, the Baltic art gallery is in Gateshead, but it’s just across the river from newcastle’s trendy quayside so it’s still one of those places to visit when in Newcastle. The building use to be a flour mill from the 1950’s but in 1990 development started to convert it into an art gallery, and in 2002 it opened. Recently I saw an exhibition by Yoko Ono Lennon, and avant garde artist and the widow od John Lennon. It was a fascinating exhibition, her basic idea was that the art is created in your mind, she just provided a starting point or maybe framework. There were walls of rather abstract ink drawings but even more interesting were the hundreds of canvas’ in frames with instructions, either to actually do or imagine in your head, which are there for you to create the art. This is defintely a place to go when in Newcastle.
A – Z of Newcastle : B is for … The Baltic
Posted in A - Z of NewcastleSVIC INDIA be more productive.
Software designed to solve your problems in your way, ensuring a perfect fit for your organization.
Custom Software Types!
Multi Door Application – Under Local Area Network or Internet
Server for storage, administrate and monitor – Administrator Group
Clients/Groups connect to the server (up to 20 employee workplaces in a group) based on their work types!
Each workplace will have limited permissions as per the work type specifications!
Single Door Application-
For small organizations or Individual Personalities, everything can be accomplished your tasks with single PC.
Application Software Features!
1. User-friendly-interface
2. User password security
3. Pictorial with charts
4. Social Network Integration
5. Photo capture from web camera or scanner
6. Professional stunning auto generated reports
7. Communication with SMS Gateway or Email
8. Backup able Database
9. No need third party tools to work with application
10. No Hassle installation
11. High Security for your DATABASE
Pricing will not be sure because depth of the application shall decide!
Any have prices begin with a very less and worthy.
Single door application starts from: $3000 USD to $10000 USD.
Multi door application starts from: $5000 USD to $100000 USD.
For Organization Types-
We develop for most of all type of organizations or tasks, as some of below.
1. Educational Organizations like, Schools, Collages, Institutes and Universities.
2. Hospitals
3. Factories
4. Financial or Loan Companies
5. Automobile Showrooms
6. Hotels or food companies
7. Electronic Showrooms
8. Supermarkets or General Stores
9. Smart Homes
10. Smart People
For Individual Types-
We also develop software applications for any individuals, some as below.
Report Abuse|Powered By Google SitesDense Nonaqueous Phase Liquids (DNAPLs)
Environmental Occurrence
- Overview
- Policy and Guidance
- Chemistry and Behavior
- Environmental Occurrence
- Toxicology
- Detection and Site Characterization
- Treatment Technologies
- Conferences and Seminars
- Additional Resources
Halogenated Alkanes
1,1,2-Trichlorotrifluoroethane
In the past, 1,1,2-trichlorotrifluoroethane (TCTFE, or Freon 113) was used as a refrigerant in commercial/industrial air conditioning and industrial process cooling; as a drycleaning solvent; to make chlorotrifluoroethylene; as a blowing agent and a polymer intermediate; in fire extinguishers; and for solvent drying and drying electronic parts and precision equipment (HSDB). The manufacture and use of the chemical in the United States has been phased out under the Montreal Protocol.
EPA's Toxics Release Inventory does not track TCTFE.
In a U.S. Geological Survey study of water quality in aquifers and drinking water wells, TCTFE was found at very low levels in 0.77 percent of the aquifer samples, 0.33 percent of domestic well samples, and 0.32 percent of public well samples (Zogorski et al. 2006). TCTFE has been found in groundwater at some Superfund sites, but generally it is commingled with other chemicals and is not the driver for risk or technology remediation choice.
Several site profiles provide examples of TCTFE contamination:
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (Building 915), Sunnyvale, California
Aerojet General Corp., Rancho Cordova, California
Air Force Plant #4 (General Dynamics), Fort Worth, Texas
Applied Materials, Santa Clara, California
Beckman Instruments (Porterville Plant), Porterville, California
Fairchild Semiconductor Corp. (South San Jose Plant)
IBM Corp. (San Jose Plant) San Jose, California
INTEL Corp. (Santa Clara III) Santa Clara, California
INTEL Magnetics Santa Clara, California
Intersil Inc./Siemens Components Cupertino, California
References
1,1,2-Trichloro-1,2,2-trifluoroethane (76-13-1)<<I layer silkscreen prints of seafoam texture. Each print can be put together to create one image or each as their own. Colors are turquoise, turquoise/copper, or silver over either turquoise, silver, or pale blue/silver on navy blue paper. (See photos for examples. Note that color will slightly vary per print!) Each print is approx. 3.75 x 6 inches. Printed on reclaimed paper at Flight 64 Studio in Portland, Oregon.
AdvertisementsIt’s been a week, and I feel oh-so very guilty for neglecting you.
Today, my Mama told me one of those stories that make you collapse into guilt-induced laughter, so I thought I’d share it with you. I’m not sure why – possibly an attempt to reaffirm to myself that it is funny and I’m not just being terribly insensitive, but more likely because it seemed a perfect way to get back into the blogosphere with a relatively read-worthy post.
My Mama has worked with autistic children on-and-off for around 10 years. Several of my friends have done the same, and I too have had the pleasure of teaching autistic children on more than one occasion. I even wrote a play about it for my A Levels and wrote a short story centred around an autistic child as part of my degree, as I have to admit I find it fascinating and I was passionate about researching it in as much detail as possible.
I’m well aware of the difficulty surrounding the condition – the instances of heart-breaking inability to communicate effectively or connect physically with autistic people, and the moments where you see in their faces that your world and theirs just don’t add up and it seems impossible to explain why.
Sometimes, however, when you’ve known an autistic child for many years, they can do something unintentionally that just makes your day a little brighter when you hear about it. Today is one of those days.
A friend of my Mama’s has a sixteen year old son who has autism. Like many autistic people, he has an ‘obsession’: a passionate interest in something that helps him cope with his surroundings, which is especially useful to block out things his mind can’t process. His passion is Lord of the Rings: he forever watches the films and plays the computer games. Like other people with autism, however, he can sometimes get over-involved in his love for the movies/games and they can cause him distress as well.
Mama’s friend left him at home as per usual while she went to work for a few hours today. About an hour later, he called her. It was clear he was getting quite anxious.
Son: “Mum, I’ve caught a hobbit. I don’t know what to do.”
Mum: “It’s okay. Just stop playing your computer game if it’s upsetting you.”
She thought nothing of it until an hour later he called again.
Son: “Mum, my hobbit keeps making noises and I don’t like it.”
Mum: “Seriously, you need to turn your computer game off and do something else. Don’t get worked up. ”
About ten minutes later, she received another phone call – this time it was her neighbour telling her to get home now because the police were outside her house. She raced home.
When she arrived, it transpired that shortly after she’d left, the gas man had turned up to read the meter. The gas man happened to be a dwarf. When he had been looking at the meter in the cupboard under the stairs, the son had pushed him inside and locked him there, genuinely believing he had caught a hobbit!
The gas man, unable to persuade the poor boy to release him, had simply called the police on his mobile. Luckily, he did also see the funny side… My Mama’s friend couldn’t apologise enough, but he assured her he’d be dining out on this story for years to come!
I hope this story made you smile as much as it did for me. 🙂
Oh I laughed. It felt guilt ridden but no harm came from the situation, so surely it’s OK?
Ok, at the beginning of your post I was getting ready to be offended (I have a son with autism). But by the end of it, I couldn’t stop laughing! Thanks for the story!
My son with Autism saw a man with a full long beard and long hair and said “Hi Jesus!, Look mommy! It’s Jesus!”
Thanks again. That made my day.
Hi Mandi!
Oh, thanks – I’m glad you enjoyed the post. As I said, after my family and I have been working with autistic kids for so many years the last thing I’d want to do is offend anyone, but this story did make me giggle. I’m glad you did too!
And your son sounds adorable! xI.
“Each gift represents an opportunity for you to bless a Dalit (“Untouchable”) family, or a native missionary,!” (GFA)- CURRENT WORLD TIME:
Archived Shows Via Free Subscription
Join Our Facebook Group
Help Us Stay On The Air
Our Affiliates
Gaming News Archive
The Diablo 3 Necromancer Closed Beta Has BegunPosted on April 12, 2017 | No CommentsIt’s a big day for Diablo III, as the game’s Necromancer class is now available in closed beta. Announced at BlizzCon last year, Necromancers are […]
All The Overwatch Uprising Legendary And Epic SkinsPosted on April 12, 2017 | No CommentsDressed To Fight The Uprising Overwatch‘s latest event update, Uprising, is out now. The event takes players back in time seven years to relive a […]
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare's New "Continuum" Maps Let You Battle To The Moon And BackPosted on April 12, 2017 | No CommentsThere’s a new trailer out for Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare‘s upcoming DLC expansion Continuum, and new details about its four new multiplayer maps. Players […]
GTA Online Gets New "Land Grab" Adversary ModePosted on April 12, 2017 | No CommentsGrand Theft Auto V‘s multiplayer is getting a new way to play today: Rockstar Games revealed the team-vs-team battle mode on its website, which reads, […]
Microsoft Ends All Support For Windows Vista TodayPosted on April 12, 2017 | No CommentsAfter a little over 10 years, Microsoft is cutting off support of its operating system Windows Vista. “Mainstream support” ended in April 2012, five years […]
Latest Overwatch Expansion, Uprising, Is Now LivePosted on April 12, 2017 | No CommentsThe details and trailer leaked yesterday, but Overwatch’s new mode is now both official and live across PS4, Xbox One, and PC. Called Uprising in […]
Overwatch New Uprising Event Livestream With Lootbox OpeningPosted on April 12, 2017 | No CommentsJoin Joey and Erick as they check out the new Uprising update which includes a new horde mode and new skins. Powered by WPeMatico Tweet
Will Smith Could Star in Disney's New Live-Action DumboPosted on January 12, 2017 | No CommentsHollywood veteran Will Smith could star in Tim Burton’s new live-action Dumbo movie. Deadline reports today that the Independence Day and Fresh Prince star is […] North suburbs Charlotte, North Carolina. ICA and its South East based investor were able to deliver this no-call / no-balloon loan in times when many other pass on higher leveraged restaurant Start-Up deals. The customer was delivered a 10 year term and 10 year FULLY amortized loan at a 6.25% interest rate. The loan comes with working capital and no prepayment penalty..An introduction to LWUA Administrator Andres F. Ibarra
As a Philippine Airlines flight landed at the Davao International Airport on the morning of February 6 this year, one of its passengers was practically hitting the ground running, like the plane he was in. He had flown to Davao that day as the new head of a government agency.
The passenger was Mr. Andres F. Ibarra.
The day before, he had accepted his appointment by President Aquino as the new, full-pledged Administrator of the Local Water Utilities Administration or LWUA, the government agency mandated to develop and modernize provincial water supply systems.
This was the most opportune moment to step into his new role and gain productive time, he thought. It was like hitting 500 or so birds with just one stone as most of the country's water district general managers and board directors had gathered that day in this big, southern city to attend the Philippine Association of Water District's (PAWD) 35th national convention.
Mr. Ibarra was also hitting the public sector ground straight from the private sector. His appointment came barely two years after he left the country's private banking industry to involve himself in a foundation and help his wife manage a small food business.
He knew he was facing a different set of challenges. "Working in government is hard work," he said. "You have to perform, and perform it with almost everyone's eyes on you." But he accepts this as part of public service where he sees integrity as very important. He emphasized that "We cannot compromise on the basic tenets of transparency, accountability and good governance, once we are in government. We are all accountable to the people, from the President to the utility personnel."
Describing himself as a "solution-seeker" and "problem-solver," the man is undoubtedly a performer. Thirty years of extensive banking experience - his last as Vice President and Head of Corporate and Consumer Banking at the Export and Industry Bank - attests to that.
A few years after getting an economics degree from the Ateneo de Manila University (he is an "Atenista" since high school), he joined Urban Development Bank as marketing assistant, then in 1984 joined the Bank of Boston's Manila Offshore Banking Unit. In 1986 he was sent to attend Bank of Boston"s Loan Officer Development Program (LODP) in Boston, Massachusetts. Also in the same year, he was assisting in the credit administration of the bank"s Hong Kong branch. He joined the Bank of Commerce (Manila) in 1988 as Assistant Vice President of the Remedial Management Department, later sat as Vice President of the bank"s Credit Department while he chaired the bank"s Loan Review Committee.
In April 1994, Administrator Ibarra rejoined the Bank of Boston's Manila Offshore Branch as Vice President and Senior Credit Officer. For a time, he manned the Asia/Pacific Desk at the bank's head office in Boston, Massachusetts and would later be in Jakarta to assist the bank's Indonesia Branch in preparing credit analysis for Indonesian state and private correspondent banks. From 2002 until his retirement in 2012, he worked as Vice President of the Export and Industry Bank, initially heading the bank's Corporate Banking Group, later its Corporate and Consumer Banking operations.
Some apprehensions visited Administrator Ibarra on making the sudden change from private to public. But friends knowledgeable about LWUA operations assured him that the agency is no different from a bank; it is a lending institution and his expertise was in banking and lending operations.
More importantly, saying yes to be at the helm of a government agency with an underlying mandate of serving the Filipino people then managing an important resource such as water, clenched the decision for him. Even during his Ateneo days, he had entertained the thought of "giving back," in the spirit of being a "man for others."
For someone whose only prior exposure to water supply was simply as a user, he had this to say to some water district managers after a few weeks with LWUA: "I now realize how difficult the task and how important the role that the water districts and LWUA are mandated to play in our nation"s struggle as it wakes up and rises from its economic sleep."
He intends to bring back LWUA to the position it occupied before in the eyes of its clients, and in the eyes of the water supply sector. His confidence is fuelled by his realization that the agency has what he describes as "the expertise and experience."
While the LWUA he took over was lean as a result of the very recent implementation of its rationalization program, already he has tried to assess and tap into that "expertise and experience" through weeks of an agency-wide corporate planning activity.
Meanwhile, Administrator Ibarra had, early on, supplemented LWUA's efforts to recover funds from some of the agency's contentious financial moves in its recent past. As of this writing, he had already given LWUAns positive feedback on those efforts, including the substantial recovery of the agency's investment in the defunct Express Savings Bank and the conversion of past fund availments under the Presidential Social Fund or PSF, into income-generating soft loans.
As such, the new administrator can now expect to accommodate additional credit requests for uncompleted water supply projects or fund water districts' expansion undertakings. That would certainly give substance to his goal of renewing the water supply sector's confidence in LWUA.
But the LWUA that Administrator Ibarra envisions is one in which internal controls are at their strongest. "In the near term," he said, "our Internal Control Office will be strengthened and empowered to institute control mechanisms and procedures."
He realizes that his appointment does not give him the luxury of time but presents him with the necessity of fast action, something ingrained in bankers.
So he began by hitting the ground running, and has wasted no time since then. Smart move, for the awakening Philippine economy is banking on a safe, reliable water supply system ready to quench the thirst of someone who just woke up from a long, deep slumber. (animontano)
Government links
Corporate Social Responsibility
Videos
Photo Gallery.
I'm having a good laugh at all those people wearing all those layers of clothes and thick fleece for, ummm, 60 degrees? Californians crack me up ;-)
I was enjoying the same moon and sunset last night at an evening outdoor swim practice-beautiful! Wished I had my camera.
The Phalène is the drop-eared version of the Papillon.
:)
The Phalène is the drop-eared version of the Papillon. :)
Elayne, really, it was the wind. Later in the evening when the wind cut out, it wasn't so bad and I stripped down to a single layer of light fleece. I'm guessing with windchill it was well below 50.
Althea, yep, know about the Phalene (you can see on the wikipedia page where I edited it--look for "Elf" near the bottom: :-) but Art calls him a Papillon anyway. Some places they're separate breeds. Dumb but true, since you can have drop-eared or not in the same litter.
What a wonderful celebration - cold and all! Thanks for the pics!
Happy retirement to Scully! Looks like a fun class!
Looks like a GREAT class! Love the lighting..even if you are just using the crappy point and shoot! Sorry to hear about the IV thing though, that has to be hard on the dog and the family!
I'm sad that Scully is retiring due to illness, but at least it sounds like Scully will still have some fun times with family ahead. (Unlike SO many fur-kids I've been hearing about of late.)
Yeah, you've got a crappy point-n-shoot to do your shootin' with, but your eye is great, the lighting was (mostly) great, and the results are great. ("Someone" I know couldn't do *nearly* as well with a high-end camera on auto.) Keep kickin' photo-butt!
Thanks, Steph, for the words of encouragement.
In fact, Scully's retirement party was planned the preceding week, I gather after less than stellar performances at recent trials. Then last friday night she got very sick "all of a sudden". So the timing just happened to be good.Aerial
The herbicide clopyralid (Transline) is commonly applied by air to control yellow starthistle, a noxious weed, in California. In laboratory studies, clopyralid toxicity in Fowler.Today was a really good day. After formation in the morning, I took care of my 15+ e-mails that arrived in my inbox since yesterday, briefed a few people on stuff, and cleaned my weapon. No, not all at once. That took until lunch. I stitched during lunch and then we had salsa rehearsal. I left rehearsal a tiny bit early (had prior permission to) so I could get to the palace parking lot on time. As mission permits, I will be volunteering with the Boy and Girl Scouts over here. They have started up a troop for local boys and girls. We had a cookout/campfire tonight and it was lots of fun. The kids have TONS of energy, but they are just like any other kids. The language barrier is a bit of a problem, but they sure understand laughing and giggling and chasing each other around and swinging on swings and sliding down the slides and playing soccer. They started the "official" portion with all the kids singing the Iraqi National Anthem – very cool! I wish they would teach American kids the U.S. Anthem in school. Some of the older boys were put in charge of the food preparation (under adult supervision of course) and helped all the kids put together their own foil dinners, which consisted of a hamburger patty, potatoes, and some other veggies. They had a lot of fun doing that and then watching their food cook at the campfire. I ended up not getting any, but that’s ok. All the kids had plenty to eat and that’s the important thing. Then the "fire adults" built the fire back up and we had a campfire with a skit (the invisible bench) – I took part in that. We had a translator to translate the skit and the kids loved it. Then some of the kids sang some songs they sing in school and the translator talked about what they were singing about when they were done. And we sang some American camp songs. And we ended the night with s’mores!! I decided that I haven’t had a s’more since I’ve been in the Army. 9 years is a long time to go without s’mores. I think Ryan and I are going to have to take Robbie camping next summer if I’m home. I hadn’t planned on having any, but I soon found myself with a small hand slipped in my hand and a stick with a marshmallow on it in my other hand. The little girl led me to the fire and "helped" me toast my marshmallow. I thought that was really sweet. Then we got everything cleaned up and started saying our goodbyes to the kids. I got tons of kisses from the little girls and even a few from some of the little boys. And one little guy (well, maybe about 8 or 9??) opened the truck door for me. What a little gentleman! I really enjoyed my time with them, and I hope I can go often. But boy was I tired from all the running around and playing with them. And I was hungry, too.
My friend DG is the one that got me into this, and she was one of the drivers tonight so I rode with her. There was one other Soldier and a translator as well. She dropped the translator off at where he lives on camp and then the 3 of us went to Subway for food. I got my food and then then she brought us to where we live (the other Soldier happened to live in the same living area as I do, so it was a one stop trip for D). Once in my room, I unwrapped my sandwich and managed to eat about half of it. UGH!! Subway here sure isn’t the same as Subway back at home. Bleh. LOL But at least it was a little food. I chatted with Ryan for a little while and did e-mail and message boards and stuff, and then about 2200 I headed back out. I was meeting one of our new Soldiers to walk with him up to Battalion for his VTC (video teleconference) to make sure he knew where he was going. He had the slot right before mine. So I sat and read my book while he was in his VTC and then soon it was time for me to go in and see Ryan and Robbie!!! It’s always awesome getting to see them and talk to them. And we had fun tonight. I had gotten Robbie a little stuffed horse for his birthday and I made sure he brought it tonight. So we get in the rooms and I asked Robbie about his horsey and he showed the horse to me and stuff. Then I asked him if he wanted to see what was in my pocket and of course he said yes. So I pulled a matching horse out of my pocket and you should have seen the look on Robbie’s face!! It was priceless – when he realized that Mommy had a horsey just like his. So we spent the half hour doing silly things with our horses like putting them on our heads and other stuff. Of course, Ryan and I talked about big people stuff as well. And then Robbie would go hide behind the couch in the room they were in and while he was hiding, I’d get really close to the camera and when he popped his head up he’d jump a little. All too soon our half hour was up and we blew each other lots of kisses and gave each other air hugs and had to say our I LOVE YOUs and goodbyes.
And now I need to get to bed as I’ll be getting up in 4 hours to run the Army Ten Miler that starts in 5 hours.
Today’s High: 89
Current: 74 (12:25 a.m.)Script error Template:Good article
Script error
Massachusetts English pronunciation: /ˌ/ (13px listen) mass-ə-CHOO-sits or English pronunciation: /ˌ/ (13px listen) mass-ə-CHOO-zits;' population lives in the Greater Boston metropolitan area, a region influential upon American history, academia, and industry.[1] Originally dependent on agriculture, fishing and trade,[2] Massachusetts was transformed into a manufacturing center during the Industrial Revolution.[3] During the 20th century, Massachusetts' economy shifted from manufacturing to services.[4] Modern Massachusetts is a global leader in biotechnology, engineering, higher education, finance, and maritime trade.[5].[6] In 1777, General Henry Knox founded the Springfield Armory, which during the Industrial Revolution catalyzed numerous important technological advances, including interchangeable parts.[7] In 1786, Shays' Rebellion, a populist revolt led by disaffected American Revolutionary War veterans, influenced the United States Constitutional Convention.[8] In the 18th century, the Protestant First Great Awakening, which swept the Atlantic World, originated from the pulpit of Northampton preacher Jonathan Edwards.[9] In the late 18th century, Boston became known as the "Cradle of Liberty"[10],[11] and transcendentalist[12] movements.[13] In the late 19th century, the sports of basketball and volleyball were invented in the western Massachusetts cities of Springfield and Holyoke, respectively.[14][15] In 2004, Massachusetts became the first U.S. state to legally recognize same-sex marriage as a result of the decision in Goodridge v. Department of Public Health by the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court.[16] Many prominent American political dynasties have hailed from the state, including the Adams and Kennedy families. Harvard University in Cambridge is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States,[17] with the largest financial endowment of any university,[18] and Harvard Law School has educated a contemporaneous majority of Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States.[19] Kendall Square in Cambridge has been called "the most innovative square mile on the planet", in reference to the high concentration of entrepreneurial start-ups and quality of innovation which have emerged in the vicinity of the square since 2010.[20][21] Both Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, also in Cambridge, have been ranked among the most highly regarded academic institutions in the world.[22] Massachusetts' public school students place among the top nations in the world in academic performance.[23]
EtymologyEdit
The official name of the state is the "Commonwealth of Massachusetts".[29] While this designation is part of the state's official name, it has no practical implications.[30] Massachusetts has the same position and powers within the United States as other states.[31]
HistoryEdit
Script error
Pre-colonizationEdit
Massachusetts was originally inhabited by tribes of the Algonquian language family such as the Wampanoag, Narragansett, Nipmuc, Pocomtuc, Mahican, and Massachusett.Script error[32] While cultivation of crops like squash and corn supplemented their diets, these tribes were generally dependent on hunting, gathering and fishing for most of their food supply.Script error Villages consisted of lodges called wigwams as well as longhouses,[32] and tribes were led by male or female elders known as sachems.Script error
Colonial period class="sprite edit-pencil" /.[33][34] Between 1617 and 1619, smallpox killed approximately 90% of the Massachusetts Bay Native Americans.Script error
The first English settlers in Massachusetts, the Pilgrims, arrived via the Mayflower[35] at Plymouth in 1620, and developed friendly relations with the native Wampanoag people.Script error.Script error
The Puritans, who believed the Church of England needed to be purified and experienced harassment from English authority because of their beliefs,[36] came to Massachusetts with the goal of establishing an ideal religious society.Script error Unlike the Plymouth colony, the bay colony was founded under a royal charter in 1629.[37].[38]Script error
In 1641, Massachusetts expanded inland significantly, acquiring the Connecticut River Valley settlement of Springfield, which had recently disputed with, and defected from its original administrators, the Connecticut Colony.[39] This established Massachusetts' southern border in the west,[40] though surveying problems resulted in disputed territory until 1803–04.[41].[42][43].[44].[45].[46]
Federal periodEdit
Bostonian John Adams, known as the "Atlas of Independence",[47].[48] The Constitution of Vermont, adopted in 1777, represented the first partial ban on slavery. Vermont became a state in 1791, but did not fully ban slavery until 1858 with the Vermont Personal Liberty Law. The Pennsylvania Gradual Abolition Act of 1780[49] made Pennsylvania the first state to abolish slavery by statute. Later, Adams was active in early American foreign affairs and succeeded Washington as the second United States President. His son John Quincy Adams, also from Massachusetts,[50] would go on to become the sixth United States President.
From 1786 to 1787, an armed uprising, known as Shays' Rebellion led by Revolutionary War veteran Daniel Shays wrought havoc throughout Massachusetts, and ultimately attempted to seize the Federal armory.[8] The rebellion was one of the major factors in the decision to draft a stronger national constitution to replace the Articles of Confederation.[8] On February 6, 1788, Massachusetts became the sixth state to ratify the United States Constitution.[51]
19th centuryEdit
In 1820, Maine separated from Massachusetts and entered the Union as the 23rd state as a result of the ratification of the Missouri Compromise.[52]
During the 19th century, Massachusetts became a national leader in the American Industrial Revolution, with factories around cities such as Lowell and Boston producing textiles and shoes, and factories around Springfield producing tools, paper, and textiles.Script errorScript errorScript error
In the years leading up to the American Civil War, Massachusetts was a center of progressivist and abolitionist activity. Horace Mann made the state's school system a national model errorScript error Abolitionists John Brown and Sojourner Truth lived in Springfield and Northampton, respectively, while Frederick Douglass lived in Boston and Susan B. Anthony in Adams, Massachusetts. The works of such abolitionists contributed to Massachusetts' actions during the Civil War. Massachusetts was the first state to recruit, train, and arm a Black regiment with White officers, the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment.[53] In 1852, Massachusetts became the first state to pass compulsory education laws.[54]" /.[55].[56]
Massachusetts manufactured 3.4 percent of total United States military armaments produced during World War II, ranking tenth among the 48 states.[57] In Eastern Massachusetts, following World War II, the economy was transformed from one based on heavy industry into a service-based economy.Script error.Script error,[58] and Eunice Kennedy Shriver, a co-founder of the Special Olympics.[59] In 1966, Massachusetts became the first state to popularly elect an African American to the US senate with Edward Brooke.[60] George H. W. Bush, 41st President of the United States (1989–1993) was born in Milton in 1924.[61]
In 1987, the state received federal funding for the Central Artery/Tunnel Project. Commonly known as "the Big Dig", it was, at the time, the biggest federal highway project ever approved.[62] The project included making the Central Artery a tunnel under downtown Boston, in addition to the re-routing of several other major highways.[63] Often controversial, with numerous claims of graft and mismanagement, and with its initial price tag of $2.5 billion increasing to a final tally of over $15 billion, the Big Dig has nonetheless changed the face of Downtown Boston.[62] It has connected areas that were once divided by elevated highway (much of the raised old Central Artery was replaced with the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway), and improved traffic conditions along a number of routes.[62][63] Additionally, Massachusetts has had a diplomatic relationship with the Japanese prefecture of Hokkaido since 1988.[64]
21st century class="sprite edit-pencil" /.[16] an Inspire, the online magazine of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
On November 8, 2016, Massachusetts voted in favor of The Massachusetts Marijuana Legalization Initiative, also known as Question 4.[65] It was included on the United States presidential election, 2016 ballot in Massachusetts as an indirect initiated state statute.[66]
GeographyEdit
Massachusetts is the 7th smallest state in the United States. It is located in the New England region of the northeastern United States, and has an area of Script error,,[1].[67] Along with twelve national historic sites, areas, and corridors, the National Park Service also manages the Cape Cod National Seashore and the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area.[67] In addition, the Department of Conservation and Recreation maintains a number of parks, trails, and beaches throughout Massachusetts.[68]
EcologyEdit
The primary biome of inland Massachusetts is temperate deciduous forest.[69] Although much of Massachusetts had been cleared for agriculture, leaving only traces of old-growth forest in isolated pockets, secondary growth has regenerated in many rural areas as farms have been abandoned.[70] Currently, forests cover around 62% of Massachusetts.[71] The areas most affected by human development include the Greater Boston area in the east and the Springfield metropolitan area in the west, although the latter includes agricultural areas throughout the Connecticut River Valley.[72] There are currently 219 endangered species in Massachusetts.[73]
A number of species are doing well in the increasingly urbanized Massachusetts. Peregrine falcons utilize office towers in larger cities as nesting areas,[74] and the population of coyotes, whose diet may include garbage and roadkill, has been increasing in recent decades.[75].[76]
Massachusetts is located along the Atlantic Flyway, a major route for migratory waterfowl along the eastern coast.[77] Lakes in central Massachusetts provide habitat for many species of fish and waterfowl, but some species such as the common loon are becoming rare.[78] A significant population of long-tailed ducks winter off Nantucket. Small offshore islands and beaches are home to roseate terns and are important breeding areas for the locally threatened piping plover.[79].[80] Other marine species include Harbor seals, the endangered North Atlantic right whales, as well as humpback whales, fin whales, minke whales, and Atlantic white-sided dolphins.
Climate class="sprite edit-pencil" / Script error and winter highs of Script error, and is quite wet. Frosts are frequent all winter, even in coastal areas due to prevailing inland winds. Due to its location near the Atlantic, Massachusetts is vulnerable to hurricanes and tropical storms.
DemographicsEdit
The United States Census Bureau estimated that the population of Massachusetts was 6,794,422 on July 1, 2015, a 3.77% increase since the 2010 United States Census.[82]
As of 2014, Massachusetts was estimated to be the third most densely populated U.S. state, with 839.4 people per square mile,[82] behind New Jersey and Rhode Island. In 2014, Massachusetts had 1,011,811 foreign-born residents or 15% of the population.[82].[86][87]
Like the rest of the northeastern United States, the population of Massachusetts has continued to grow in the past few decades. Massachusetts is the fastest growing state in New England and the 25th fastest growing state in the United States.[88] Population growth was largely due to a relatively high quality of life and a large higher education system in the state.[88]
Foreign immigration is also a factor in the state's population growth, causing the state's population to continue to grow as of the 2010 Census (particularly in Massachusetts gateway cities where costs of living are lower).[89][90] 40% of foreign immigrants were from Central or South America, according to a 2005 Census Bureau study, with many of the remainder from Asia. Many residents who have settled in Greater Springfield claim Puerto Rican descent.[89] Many areas of Massachusetts showed relatively stable population trends between 2000 and 2010.[90] Exurban Boston and coastal areas grew the most rapidly, while Berkshire County in far Western Massachusetts and Barnstable County on Cape Cod were the only counties to lose population as of the 2010 Census.[90]
By gender, 48.4% were male and 51.6% were female in 2014. In terms of age, 79.2% were over 18 years old and 14.8% were over 65 years old.[82]
Race and ancestryEdit.[82]
The state's most populous ethnic group, non-Hispanic white, has declined from 95.4% in 1970 to 73.7% in 2014.[82][92] As of 2011, non-Hispanic whites were involved in 63.6% of all the births,[93] while 36.4% of the population of Massachusetts younger than age 1 was minorities (meaning that they had at least one parent who was not non-Hispanic white).[94],[95].[96] Lowell is home to the second-largest Cambodian community of the nation.[97].[98]sScript error show that the ethnic history of Massachusetts was not completely harmonious.
Languages class="sprite edit-pencil" /").[99' population age 5 and older spoke a first language other than English.[82][100]
ReligionEdit
Massachusetts was founded and settled by Separatists in 1620[36] and soon after by other types of Puritans,Script error and most people in Massachusetts today remain Christians.[82].[102][103].[106] 32% of the population identifies as having no religion.[107]
EconomyEdit
Script error
The United States Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that the Massachusetts gross state product in 2013 was US$446 billion.[108] The per capita personal income in 2012 was $53,221, making it the third highest state in the nation.[109] As of January 2017, Massachusetts general minimum wage in the state was $11 per hour while the minimum wage for tipped workers is $3.75 an hour.[110].[111] CNBC's list of "Top States for Business for 2014" has recognized Massachusetts as the 25th best state in the nation for business,[112] and for the second year in a row the state was ranked by Bloomberg as the most innovative state in America.[113] According to a 2013 study by Phoenix Marketing International, Massachusetts had the sixth-largest number of millionaires per capita in the United States, with a ratio of 6.73 percent.[114] Billionaires living in the state include past and present leaders (and related family) of local companies such as Fidelity Investments, New Balance, Kraft Group, Boston Scientific, and the former Continental Cablevision.[115] Boston-Logan International Airport is the busiest airport in New England, serving 33.4 million total passengers in 2015, and witnessing rapid growth in international air traffic since 2010.[116]
Sectors vital to the Massachusetts economy include higher education, biotechnology, information technology, finance, health care, tourism, and defense. The Route 128 corridor and Greater Boston continue to be a major center for venture capital investment,[117] and high technology remains an important sector. In recent years tourism has played an ever-important role in the state's economy, with Boston and Cape Cod being the leading destinations.[118] Other popular tourist destinations include Salem, Plymouth, and the Berkshires. Massachusetts is the sixth most popular tourist destination for foreign travelers.[119]
As of 2012, there were 7,755 farms in Massachusetts encompassing a total of Script error, averaging Script error apiece.[120] Particular agricultural products of note include green house products making up more than one third of the states agricultural output, cranberries, sweet corn and apples are also large sectors of production.[121] Massachusetts is the second-largest cranberry-producing state in the union after Wisconsin.[122].[123]
Job growthEdit
Massachusetts scored ninth among all other states in non-farm job growth in 2015 according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The state ranked 15th in percentage change with a two percent increase.[124]
TaxationEdit
Depending on how it is calculated, state and local tax burden in Massachusetts has been estimated among U.S. states and Washington D.C. as 21st highest (11.44% or $6,163 per year for a household with nationwide median income)[125] or 25th highest overall with below-average corporate taxes (39th highest), above-average personal income taxes, (13th highest), above-average sales tax (18th highest), and below-average property taxes (46th highest).[126] In the 1970s, the Commonwealth ranked as a relatively high-tax state, gaining the pejorative nickname "Taxachusetts". This was followed by a round of tax limitations during the 1980s—a conservative period in American politics—including Proposition 2½.[127]
As of January 1, 2016, Massachusetts has a flat-rate personal income tax of 5.1%,[128] after a 2002 voter referendum to eventually lower the rate to 5.0%[129] as amended by the legislature.[130] There is a tax exemption for income below a threshold that varies from year to year. The corporate income tax rate is 8.8%,[131] and the short-term capital gains tax rate is 12%.[132] An unusual provision allows filers to voluntarily pay at the pre-referendum 5.85% income tax rate, which is done by between one and two thousand taxpayers per year.[133]
The state imposes a 6.25% sales tax[131] on retail sales of tangible personal property—except for groceries, clothing (up to $175.00), and periodicals.[134] The sales tax is charged on clothing that costs more than $175.00, for the amount exceeding $175.00.[134]).[134] There is no inheritance tax and limited Massachusetts estate tax related to federal estate tax collection.[132]
EnergyEdit
Massachusetts' electricity generation market was made competitive in 1998, enabling retail customers to change suppliers without changing utility companies.[135] In 2012, Massachusetts consumed 1374.4 trillion BTU,[136] making it the fifth lowest state in terms of consumption of energy per capita, and 63% of that energy came from natural gas.[136] In 2014 and 2015, Massachusetts was ranked as the most energy efficient state the United States[137][138] while Boston is the most efficient city,[139] but it had the third highest electricity prices of any state.[136] Script error
TransportationEdit
Script error
Massachusetts has 10 regional metropolitan planning organizations and three non-metropolitan planning organizations covering the remainder of the state;[140] statewide planning is handled by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation.
Regional public transportationEdit
The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA), also known as "The T",[141] operates public transportation in the form of subway,[142] bus,[143] and ferry[144] systems in the Metro Boston area.
Fifteen other regional transit authorities provide public transportation in the form of bus services in the rest of the state.[145] Two heritage railways are also in operation: the Cape Cod Central Railroad and the Berkshire Scenic Railway.[146][147]
Long-distance rail and bus class="sprite edit-pencil" /.[148]).[149].[150].[151][152]
Hartford-Springfield Commuter Rail is expected to begin operation in 2018.
FerryEdit
The Woods Hole, Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Steamship Authority regulates freight and passenger ferry service to the islands of Massachusetts including Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket.[153]
Rail freightEdit
As of 2015, a number of freight railroads were operating in Massachusetts, with CSX being the largest carrier.[154] Massachusetts has a total of Script error of freight trackage in operation.[155]
Air serviceEdit
Script error
The major airport in the state is Boston-Logan International Airport. The airport served 33.5 million passengers in 2015, up from 31.6 million in 2014,[116] and is used by around 40 airlines with a total of 103 gates.[156] Logan International Airport has service to numerous cities throughout the United States, as well as international service to Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, Europe, and Asia.[157] Logan, Hanscom Field in Bedford, and Worcester Regional Airport are operated by Massport, an independent state transportation agency.[157] Massachusetts has approximately 42 public-use airfields, and over 200 private landing spots.[158] Some airports receive funding from the Aeronautics Division of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration; the FAA is also the primary regulator of Massachusetts air travel.[159]
RoadsEdit
There are a total of Script error of interstates and other highways in Massachusetts.[160] Interstate 90 (I-90, also known as the Massachusetts Turnpike), is the longest interstate in Massachusetts. The route travels Script error generally west to east, entering Massachusetts at the New York state line in the town of West Stockbridge, and passes just north of Springfield, just south of Worcester and through Framingham before terminating near Logan International Airport in Boston..[162] A massive undertaking to bring I-93 underground in downtown Boston, called the Big Dig, brought the city's highway system under public scrutiny for its high cost and construction quality.[62]
Government and politics class="sprite edit-pencil" /.[163][164][165]
Massachusetts politics since the second half of the 20th century have generally been dominated by the Democratic Party, and the state has a reputation for being the most liberal state in the country.[166] In 1974, Elaine Noble became the first openly lesbian or gay candidate elected to a state legislature in US history.[167] The state housed the first openly gay member of the United States House of Representatives, Gerry Studds, in 1972[168] and in 2004, Massachusetts became the first state to allow same-sex marriage.[16]
GovernmentEdit
Script error,[170] a Republican from Swampscott.[171] The executive branch also includes the Executive Council, which is made up of eight elected councilors and the Lieutenant Governor seat,[169] which is currently occupied by Karyn Polito.[170]
Abilities of the Council include confirming gubernatorial.[172].[173].[174]
Federal court cases are heard in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, and appeals are heard by the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.[175] In U.S. presidential elections since 2012, Massachusetts has been allotted 11 votes in the electoral college, out of a total of 538.[176] Like most states, Massachusetts's electoral votes are granted in a winner-take-all system.[177]
PoliticsEdit
Script error.Script error Massachusetts has since gained a reputation as being a politically liberal state and is often used as an archetype of modern liberalism, hence the usage of the phrase "Massachusetts liberal".,[180] but the state as a whole has not given its Electoral College votes to a Republican in a presidential election since Ronald Reagan carried it in 1984. Additionally, Massachusetts provided Reagan with his smallest margins of victory in both the 1980[181] and 1984 elections.[182]
As of the 2014 election, the Democratic Party holds a significant majority over the Republican Party. Only 35 of the 160 seats in the state house[183] and 6 of the 40 seats in the state senate belong to the Republican Party.[184]
Although Republicans held the governor's office continuously from 1991 to 2007 and from 2015 onwards,[170] they have been among the most moderate Republican leaders in the nation.[185][186] In the 2004 election, the state gave Massachusetts senator John Kerry 61.9% of the vote, his best showing in any state.[187] In 2008, President Barack Obama carried the state with 61.8% of the vote.[188].[190][191]
A number of contemporary national political issues have been influenced by events in Massachusetts, such as the decision in 2003 by the state Supreme Judicial Court allowing same-sex marriage[192] and a 2006 bill which mandated health insurance for all Bay Staters.[193] In 2008, Massachusetts voters passed an initiative decriminalizing possession of small amounts of marijuana.[194] Voters in Massachusetts also approved a ballot measure in 2012 that legalized the medical use of marijuana.[195]
Cities, towns, and countiesEdit
There are 50 cities and 301 towns in Massachusetts, grouped into 14 counties.[196].[197]
Boston is the state capital and largest city in Massachusetts. The population of the city proper is 645,966,[198] and Greater Boston, with a population of 4,628,910, is the 10th largest metropolitan area in the nation.[199] Other cities with a population over 100,000 include Worcester, Springfield, Lowell, and Cambridge. Plymouth is the largest municipality in the state by land area.[196],[200] the largest county in the state by population.[201][202] The voters of these now defunct counties elect only Sheriffs and Registers of Deeds, who are part of the state government. Other counties have been reorganized, and a few still retain county councils.[203]
EducationEdit
Script error educationScript errorScript error which was established in 1852.[54] Massachusetts is home to the oldest school in continuous existence in North America (The Roxbury Latin School, founded in 1645), as well as the country's oldest public elementary school (The Mather School, founded in 1639),[204] its oldest high school (Boston Latin School, founded in 1635),[205] its oldest continuously operating boarding school (The Governor's Academy, founded in 1763),[206] its oldest college (Harvard University, founded in 1636),[207] and its oldest women's college (Mount Holyoke College, founded in 1837).[208]
Massachusetts' per-student public expenditure for elementary and secondary schools was eighth in the nation in 2012, at $14,844.[209] In 2013, Massachusetts scored highest of all the states in math and third highest in reading on the National Assessment of Educational Progress.[210] that enrolls over 25,000 students.[214][215] Script error
Arts, culture, and recreation class="sprite edit-pencil" /.[216]
Massachusetts was an early center of the Transcendentalist movement, which emphasized intuition, emotion, human individuality and a deeper connection with nature.Script error.[217]".[218][219][220] Famous painters from Massachusetts include Winslow Homer and Norman Rockwell;[220] many of the latter's works are on display at the Norman Rockwell Museum in Stockbridge.[221]
Massachusetts is also an important center for the performing arts. Both the Boston Symphony Orchestra and Boston Pops Orchestra are based in Massachusetts.[222] Other orchestras in Massachusetts include the Cape Cod Symphony Orchestra in Barnstable and the Springfield Symphony Orchestra.[223][224] Tanglewood, in western Massachusetts, is a music venue that is home to both the Tanglewood Music Festival and Tanglewood Jazz Festival, as well as the summer host for the Boston Symphony Orchestra.[225]
Other performing arts and theater organizations in Massachusetts include the Boston Ballet, the Boston Lyric Opera,[222] Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston, and the DeCordova contemporary art and sculpture museum in Lincoln are all located within Massachusetts,[228] and the Maria Mitchell Association in Nantucket includes several observatories, museums, and an aquarium.[229] Historically themed museums and sites such as the Springfield Armory National Historic Site in Springfield,[67] Boston's Freedom Trail and nearby Minute Man National Historical Park, both of which preserve a number of sites important during the American Revolution,[67][230] the Lowell National Historical Park, which focuses on some of the earliest mills and canals of the industrial revolution in the US,[67] the Black Heritage Trail in Boston, which includes important African-American and abolitionist sites in Boston,[231] and the New Bedford Whaling National Historical Park[67] all showcase various periods of Massachusetts' history.
Plimoth Plantation and Old Sturbridge Village are two open-air or "living" museums in Massachusetts, recreating life as it was in the 17th and early 19th centuries, respectively.[232][233].[234] The New England Summer Nationals, an auto show in Worcester, draws tens of thousands of attendees every year.[235] The Boston Marathon is also a popular event in the state drawing more than 30,000 runners and tens of thousands of spectators annually.[236]
Long-distance hiking trails in Massachusetts include the Appalachian Trail, the New England National Scenic Trail, the Metacomet-Monadnock Trail, the Midstate Trail, and the Bay Circuit Trail.[237] Other outdoor recreational activities in Massachusetts include sailing and yachting, freshwater and deep-sea fishing,[238] whale watching,[239] downhill and cross-country skiing,[240] and hunting.[241]
MediaEdit
Script error There are two major television media markets located in Massachusetts. The Boston/Manchester market is the fifth largest in the United States.[242] The other market surrounds the Springfield area.[243] WGBH-TV in Boston is a major public television station and produces national programs such as Nova, Frontline, and American Experience.[244][245]
The Boston Globe, Boston Herald, Springfield Republican, and the Worcester Telegram & Gazette are Massachusetts's largest daily newspapers.[246] In addition, there are many community dailies and weeklies. There are a number of major AM and FM stations which serve Massachusetts,[247] along with many more regional and community-based stations. Some colleges and universities also operate campus television and radio stations, and print their own newspapers.[248][249][250]
HealthEdit
Script error Massachusetts generally ranks highly among states in most health and disease prevention categories. In 2014, the United Health Foundation ranked the state as third healthiest overall.[251] Massachusetts has the most doctors per 100,000 residents,[252] the second-lowest infant mortality rate,[253] and the lowest percentage of uninsured residents (for both children as well as the total population).[254] According to Businessweek, commonwealth residents have an average life expectancy of 78.4 years, the fifth longest in the country.[255] 37.2% of the population is overweight and 21.7% is obese,[256] and Massachusetts ranks sixth highest in the percentage of residents who are considered neither obese nor overweight (41.1%).[256] Massachusetts also ranks above average in the prevalence of binge drinking, which is the 20th highest in the country.[257]
The nation's first Marine Hospital was erected by federal order in Boston in 1799.[258][259] There are currently a total of 143 hospitals in the state.[260] According to 2015 rankings by U.S. News & World Report, Massachusetts General Hospital the hospital ranked in the top three in two specialties.[261] Massachusetts General was founded in 1811 and serves as the largest teaching hospital for nearby Harvard University.[262]
The state of Massachusetts is a center for medical education and research including Harvard's Brigham and Women's Hospital, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute[263] as well as the New England Baptist Hospital, Tufts Medical Center, and Boston Medical Center which is the primary teaching hospital for Boston University.[264] The University of Massachusetts Medical School is located in Worcester.[265] The Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences has two of its three campuses in Boston and Worcester.[266]
SportsEdit
Massachusetts is home to five major league professional sports teams: seventeen-time NBA Champions Boston Celtics,[267] eight-time World Series winners Boston Red Sox,[268] six-time Stanley Cup winners Boston Bruins,[269] and five-time Super Bowl winners New England Patriots.[270] The New England Revolution is the Major League Soccer team for Massachusetts and the Boston Cannons are the Major League Lacrosse team.[271] The Boston Breakers are the Women's Professional Soccer in Massachusetts. Massachusetts is also the home of the Cape Cod Baseball League.
In the late 19th century, the Olympic sports of basketball[14] and volleyball[15] were invented in the Western Massachusetts cities of Springfield[14] and Holyoke,[15] respectively. The Basketball Hall of Fame, is a major tourist destination in the City of Springfield and the Volleyball Hall of Fame is located in Holyoke.[15] The American Hockey League (AHL), the NHL's development league, is headquartered in Springfield.[272] also participate in Division I athletics.[273][274].[275] A number of major golf events have taken place in Massachusetts, including nine U.S. Opens and two Ryder Cups.[276][277]
Massachusetts has produced several successful Olympians including Butch Johnson, Todd Richards, Albina Osipowich, Aly Raisman, and Susan Rojcewicz.[278]
See alsoEdit
EcologyEdit
- Climate change in Massachusetts
- Climate of Massachusetts
- Geology of Massachusetts
- List of amphibians of Massachusetts
- List of birds of Massachusetts
- List of mammals of Massachusetts
- List of mammals of New England
- List of reptiles of Massachusetts
GovernmentEdit
- Government of Massachusetts
- Governor of Massachusetts
- List of colonial governors of Massachusetts
- List of counties in Massachusetts
- List of municipalities in Massachusetts
- Politics of Massachusetts
- Massachusetts Governor's Council
History and archivesEdit
- General history of Massachusetts
- History of Massachusetts by periods, settlements, or subject
- History of New England
- Massachusetts Archives
ReferencesEdit
- ↑ 1.0 1 8.0 8.1 8. The Transcendentalists. University of Georgia Press; First edition (April 25, 2007). ISBN 978-0820329581Script error.
- ↑ "Images of the Antislavery Movement in Massachusetts". Masshist.org.. Retrieved April 21, 2015.
- ↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 "Springfield College: The Birthplace of Basketball". Springfieldcollege.edu.. Retrieved April 21, 2015.
- ↑ 15.0 15.1 15.2 15.3 "The International Volleyball Hall of Fame". Volleyball.org.. Retrieved April 21, 2015.
- ↑ 16.0 16.1 16?". Boston Globe.. Retrieved December 3, 2016.
- ↑ [1] Times Higher Education. Accessed December 3, 2016.
- ↑ [2] Accessed January 27, 2017.
-)". Quincy, Mass. Historical and Architectural Survey. 32.0 32.1 "Origin & Early Mohican History". Stockbridge-Munsee Community — Band of Mohican Indians.. Retrieved October 21, 2009.
- ↑ Hoxie, Frederick E (1996). Encyclopedia of North American Indians. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. p. 164. ISBN 978-0-395-66921-1Script error. OCLC 34669430.. Retrieved July 30, 2009.
- ↑ Marr, JS; Cathey, JT (February 2010). "New hypothesis for cause of an epidemic among Native Americans, New England, 1616–1619". Emerging Infectious Disease 16: 281–286. doi:10.3201/e0di1602.090276.
- ↑ "THE PILGRIMS". History.com.. Retrieved April 21, 2015.
- ↑ 36.0 36. Bio.umass.edu. Retrieved September 7, 2013.
- ↑ "Connecticut's "Southwick Jog"". Connecticut State Library.. Retrieved June 10, 2015.
- ↑ Perley, Sidney (April 18, 2014). "Historic Earthquakes". Earthquake Hazards Program..Script error.
- ↑ "Pennsylvania's Gradual Abolition Act of 1780". Explore PA history. Archived from the original on October 4, 2013..
- ↑ Rettig, Polly M. (April 3, 1978). [[[:Template:NHLS url]] "John Quincy Adams Birthplace"]. National Register of Historic Places Inventory-Nomination. 54.0 54 "Biography: Edward Moore Kennedy". American Experience.. Retrieved May 28, 2010.
- ↑ "The Kennedys: A Family Tree".. Retrieved May 28, 2010.
- ↑ "BROOKE, Edward William, III,".. Retrieved April 25, 2015.
- ↑ "George H.W. Bush Biography". biography.com.. Retrieved April 26, 2015.
- ↑ 62.0 62.1 62.2 62.3 Grunwald, Michael. Dig the Big Dig [3] The Washington Post. August 6, 2006. . Retrieved May 31, 2010.
- ↑ 63.0 63.1 "The Central Artery/Tunnel Project – The Big Dig". Massachusetts Department of Transportation – Highway Division.. Retrieved April 26, 2015.
- ↑ "Massachusetts Hokkaido Association".. Retrieved May 30, 2010.
- ↑ Recreational Marijuana Passes In Massachusetts - Hartford Courant
- ↑ Massachusetts Marijuana Legalization, Question 4 (2016) - Ballotpedia
- ↑ 67.0 67.1 67.2 67.3 67.4 67Script error.. "Massachusetts climate averages". Weatherbase.. Retrieved November 20, 2015.
- ↑ Cite error: Invalid
<ref>tag; no text was provided for refs named
qcensus
- ↑ "Population: 1790 to 1990". US: United States Census Bureau.. Retrieved June 10, 2015.
- ↑ Resident Population of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. US: United States Census Bureau. 2000..
- ↑ "2010 Data". US: United States Census Bureau.. Retrieved February 1, 2011.
- ↑ "Centers of Population". United States Census Bureau.. Retrieved April 26, 2015.
- ↑ "State Centers of Population". howderfamily.com.. Retrieved April 26, 2015. "I'll ... examine some individual state centers of population."
- ↑ 88.0 88.1 Miller, Joshua. "Mass. population growth is tops in N.E.".. Retrieved April 26, 2015.
- ↑ 89.0 89.1 Mishra, Raja (December 22, 2006). "State's population growth on stagnant course". The Boston Globe.. Retrieved June 5, 2010.
- ↑ 90.0 90.1 90 100.0 100.1 "Massachusetts". Modern Language Association.. Retrieved August 21, 2013.
- ↑ Butterfield, Fox (May 14, 1989). "The Perfect New England Town". The New York Times.. Retrieved May 30, 2010.
- ↑ "Headquarters of the Unitarian Universalist Association". Unitarian Universalist Association.. Retrieved April 27, 2015.
- ↑ "The UUA to Sell its Beacon Hill Properties, Move to Innovation District". Unitarian Universalist Association.. Retrieved April 10, 2015.
- ↑
- ↑
- ↑ "The Association of Religion Data Archives | State Membership Report". Association of Religion Data Archives.. Retrieved November 22, 2013.
- ↑ "Adults in Massachusetts". Pew Research Center's Religion & Public Life Project. May 11, 2015..
- ↑ "Total Gross Domestic Product by State for Massachusetts". Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.. Retrieved 26 April 2015.
- ↑ "State Personal Income 2008". Bureau of Economic Analysis.. Retrieved June 8, 2010.
- ↑ Casteel, Kathryn (February 7, 2017). "The Minimum Wage Movement Is Leaving Tipped Workers Behind". FiveThirtyEight (ESPN).. Retrieved February 8, 2017.
- ↑
- ↑ "America's Top States For Business". CNBC.. Retrieved May 5, 2015.
- ↑
- ↑ Frank, Robert. "Top states for millionaires per capita". CNBC.. Retrieved January 25, 2014.
- ↑
- ↑ 116.0 116.1 [4] "Best States Overall Ranking". U.S. News & World Report.. Retrieved February 28, 2017.
- ↑ Thomas, G. Scott (November 18, 2016). "Where does Mass. rank in job growth over past year? BLS says ...". Boston Business Journal.. Retrieved November 21, 2016.
- ↑ "2016's States with the Highest & Lowest Tax Rates"... Retrieved June 18, 2016.
- ↑ "2016 State Business Tax Climate Index".. Retrieved June 18, 2016.
- ↑ Tom Keane (March 28, 2014). "'Taxachusetts' is a misnomer, at least for now". Boston Globe..
- ↑ "Taxes & Rates Income". Massachusetts Department of Revenue.. Retrieved June 18, 2016.
- ↑ "Massachusetts Implements Reduction in Personal Income Tax Rates". The Tax Foundation.. Retrieved May 10, 2012.
- ↑ Income tax rate to fall on Jan. 1 - The Boston Globe
- ↑ 131.0 131.1 "Massachusetts". The Tax Foundation.. Retrieved April 27, 2015.
- ↑ 132.0 132.1 "Tax Rates". Massachusetts Department of Revenue.. Retrieved April 27, 2015.
- ↑ CLT Update: 05 Apr 15 - "We didn't need or want a tax cut - but it's ours now!"
- ↑ 134.0 134.1 134.2 "A Guide to Sales and Use Tax". MA, US: Massachusetts Department of Revenue.. Retrieved June 18, 2016.
- ↑ "Massachusetts Electricity deregulation". Good Energy..
- ↑ 136.0 136.1 136.2 "State Profile and Energy Estimates". Energy Information Administration.. Retrieved April 28, 2015.
- ↑ "State Scorecard Rank". American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy.. Retrieved June 13, 2015.
- ↑ "2015 State Scorecard Rank - Massachusetts". American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy.. Retrieved June 26, 2016.
- ↑ Wood, Elisa (May 26, 2015). "Boston Takes Top Spot Again in City Energy Efficiency Scorecard". Energy Efficiency Markets.com.. Retrieved June 13, 2015.
- ↑ "Massachusetts Regional Planning Agencies". American Planning Association.. Retrieved April 30, 2015.
- ↑ "MBTA Website". Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority..". Routes. Amtrak.. Retrieved May 22, 2010.
- ↑
- ↑ "Commuter Rail Maps and Schedules". Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority.. Retrieved May 5, 2015.
- ↑ "CapeFlyer".. Retrieved July 29, 2013.
- ↑ "T announces summer Cape Cod train service". WCVB-TV...
- ↑ "About Logan". Massachusetts Port Authority.. Retrieved May 2, 2015.
- ↑ 157.0 157.1 "About Massport". Massachusetts Port Authority.. Retrieved May 2, 2015.
- ↑ "Mass Aeronautics"..
-.. Retrieved June 10, 2015.
- ↑ Kemp, Roger (2010). Documents of American Democracy. p. 59..
- ↑ Murrin, John (2011). Liberty, Power, and Equality: A History..
- ↑ Hickey, Walter. "The Most Liberal States In America".. Retrieved May 4, 2015.
- ↑ Gianoulis, Tina (October 13, 2005). "Noble, Elaine". glbtq: An Encyclopedia of Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer Culture.. Retrieved September 24, 2007.
- ↑ Cave, Damien. "Gerry Studds Dies at 69; First Openly Gay Congressman". The New York Times.. Retrieved April 26, 2015.
- ↑ 169.00 169.01 169.02 169.03 169.04 169.05 169.06 169.07 169.08 169.09 169.10 "Massachusetts Facts: Politics". Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth.. Retrieved June 1, 2010.
- ↑ 170.0 170.1 170 178.0 178.1 Leip, David. "General Election Results – Oregon". Massachusetts Registered Voter Enrollment: 1948–2016
-". Boston Globe.. Retrieved April 13, 2013.
- ↑ 196.0 196.1 "Information and Historical Data on Cities, Towns, and Counties in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts". Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth.. Retrieved June 8, 2010.
- ↑ See Administrative divisions of Massachusetts#The city/town distinction.
- ↑ "Boston (city) QuickFacts from the US Census Bureau". United States Census Bureau.. Retrieved June 10, 2015.
- "Mather Elementary School". Boston Public Schools.. Retrieved May 5, 2015.
- ↑ Ramírez, Eddy (November 29, 2007). "The First Class State". U.S. News & World Report..". U.S. News & World Report..". U.S. News & World Report. February 25, 2010.. Retrieved May 25, 2010.
- ↑ "National Liberal Arts Colleges Rankings". U.S. News & World Report.. Retrieved May 10, 2015.
- ↑ "The UMass System". University of Massachusetts Amherst.. Retrieved May 25, 2010.
- ↑ "UMass – Facts 2009–2010" (PDF). University of Massachusetts Amherst.. Retrieved May 25, 2010.
- 220.0 220.1 "Miscellaneous Massachusetts Facts". Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth.. Retrieved May 30, 2010.
- ↑ "Norman Rockewell Museum of Vermont". Norman Rockwell Museum of Vermont.. Retrieved May 6, 2015.
- ↑ 222.0 222.1 "Music". Massachusetts Office of Travel and Tourism.. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
- ↑ "About the Cape Cod Symphony Orchestra". Cape Cod Symphony Orchestra.. Retrieved June 5, 2010.
- ↑ "Our History". Springfield Symphony Orchestra.. Retrieved June 5, 2010.
- ↑ "Arts". MA, US: Massachusetts Office of Travel and Tourism.. Retrieved May 30, 2010.
- ↑ Leddy, Charles 'Chuck' (January 10, 2008). "Rocking history lesson shows city was in a class by itself". The Boston Globe.. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
- ↑ "Film Festivals". MA, US: Massachusetts Office of Travel and Tourism.. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
- ↑ "Museums". City of Boston.. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
- ↑ "Art Museums". Massachusetts Office of Travel and Tourism.. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
- ↑ "Places To Go". National Park Service.. Retrieved December 30, 2009.
- ↑ "Black Heritage Trail". Museum of African American History.. Retrieved May 29, 2010.
- ↑ "About Plimoth Plantation". Plimoth Plantation..". Worcester Telegram.. Retrieved March 15, 2011.
- ↑ "A Spectator's Guide To The 2015 Boston Marathon". WBUR-FM.. Retrieved May 8, 2015.
- ↑ "Southern New England". Appalachian Mountain Club.. Retrieved June 2, 2010.
- ↑ "Fishing & charters". Massachusetts Office of Travel and Tourism.. Retrieved June 5, 2010.
- ↑ "Whale watching". Massachusetts Office of Travel and Tourism.. Retrieved June 5, 2010.
- ↑ "Skiing/snowboarding". Massachusetts Office of Travel and Tourism.. "Error: no
|title=specified when using {{Cite web}}"... Retrieved May 27, 2010.
- ↑ "2014 Annual Report". America's Health Rankings.. Retrieved May 7, 2015.
- ↑ "Doctors per 100,000 Resident Population, 2007". United States Census Bureau.. Retrieved October 24, 2010.
- ↑ "Infant Mortality Rate, 2006". United States Census Bureau.. Retrieved October 24, 2010.
- ↑ "Persons With and Without Health Insurance Coverage by State: 2007". United States Census Bureau.. Retrieved October 24, 2010.
- ↑ "U.S. States Ranked by Life Expectancy". Bloomberg Businessweek.. Retrieved October 24, 2010.
- ↑ 256.0 256.1 "Overweight and Obesity (BMI) – 2007". Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.. Retrieved October 24, 2010.
- ↑ "Booziest states in America: Who binge drinks most?". CBS News.. Retrieved May 7, 2015.
- ↑ "The United States Public Health and Marine-Hospital Service". Journal of the American Medical Association 43:". U.S. News & World Report.. Retrieved June 10, 2015.
- ↑ "Hospital Overview". Massachusetts General Hospital.. Retrieved October 24, 2010.
- ↑ "Facts and Figures: 2009–2010". Harvard Medical School.. Retrieved October 25, 2010.
- ↑ "About Us". Boston University School of Medicine..
- Brebner, John Bartlet (1927). New England's Outpost: Acadia Before the Conquest of Canada. New York, NY: Columbia University Press. ISBN 0-7812-6367-0Script error.
- Brettell, Caroline (2003). Anthropology and Migration:Essays on Transnational Ethnicity and Identity. Walnut Creek, CA: AltaMira Press. ISBN 0-7591-0320-8Script error.
- Brown, Richard D; Tager, Jack (2000). Massachusetts: A Concise History. Amherst, MA: University of Massachusetts Press. ISBN 1-55849-248-8Script error.
- Dejnozka, Edward L; Gifford, Charles S; Kapel, David E; Kapel, Marilyn B (1982). American Educators' Encyclopedia. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-20954-5Script error.
-Script error.
- Koplow, David A (2004). Smallpox: The Fight to Eradicate a Global Scourge. Berkeley, CA: University of California Press. ISBN 0-520-24220-3Script error.
- Sokolow, Alvin D (1997). "Town and Township Government: Serving Rural and Suburban Communities". Handbook of Local Government Administration. New York, NY: Marcel Dekker. ISBN 0-8247-9782-5Script error.
Further readingEdit
Overviews and surveysEdit
- Hall, Donald. ed. The Encyclopedia of New England (2005)
- Works Progress Administration. Guide to Massachusetts (1939)
Secondary sourcesEdit
- Official website
- Massachusetts Office of Travel and Tourism
- Massachusetts State Guide from the Library of Congress
- Massachusetts at DMOZ
Template:Protected areas of Massachusetts Template:New England
Script error
Script errorScript errorNext class: Saturday May 6 2017 9:30 -10:30
Future classes:
May 6 & 27.
June 10, 17 & 24.
July 1st, 8th, & 15th.
Location:
Purple Barn Gallery (Down the driveway behind the house)
DragonflyHill Urban Farm
345 Douglas Street, Los Angeles, CA 90026
Yoga for Opening Up
Yogi Tej Atma (Misako Lauritzen)
On Saturday, May 6th, we will be working on “opening up our body.” Our body is actually a spiritual/emotional gateway; when our posture is closed, we will not let good things come in. We are closed off to new people, new ideas, and new opportunites (although you do need sometimes a break to keep things to themselves).
Springtime is time for renewal. This class will be somewhat faster-paced than our usual class. We will go through more movements to really encourage our bodies to be open and flexible.
Don’t be intimidated, though. All movements will be easy, gentle, and fluid. There is no athletic competition here. Let us make it into a meditation in motion. By the end of the class, you will feel joy in your movement and gain clarity of problems and opportunities that you currently face.
Join us this Saturday for YOGA for ALL BODIES. People of any age, body types, physical abilities are invited to attend. The class fee is a suggested donation of $10-$15.Rob Gronkowski describes his son's injury as a high ankle sprain.
Gotta love the Gronkowski family.
Tight end Rob's dad, Gordy, told TV station WIVB in New York state that his kid suffered a high ankle sprain in last Sunday's game with the Baltimore Ravens.
Dad Gronkowski said he expects the kid to play in Super Bowl XLVI on Feb. 5 against the NY Giants in Indianapolis.Our latest list of cracking crime fiction includes Nordic noir, international espionage and adventure, English investigators, wartime military mysteries, Scandi crime, literary fiction and historical intrigue: the weird, the witty and the gritty; thrillers, killers and all-action assassins from world-class writers and indie authors. Get ready to load your Kindle…
ROAD TO ITHACA by Ben Pastor
A WW2 military mystery which leans towards the literary end of the spectrum. Wehmacht officer Martin Bora is sent to recently occupied Crete and must investigate the brutal murder of a Red Cross representative befriended by Himmler. All the clues lead to a platoon of trigger-happy German paratroopers but is this the truth? Bora takes to the mountains of Crete to solve the case, navigating his way between local bandits and foreign resistance fighters.
Recommended for readers who enjoy Philip Kerr’s Bernie Gunther books or Alan Furst’s WW2 espionage adventures.
THE REDEMPTION OF CHARM by Frank Westworth
In this tightly-woven tale of betrayal and retribution,.
Ideal for readers who enjoy Lee Child, Don Winslow and Nic Pizzolatto, this is the third book in the Killing Sisters series but works perfectly well as a stand-alone.
TOO MANY CROOKS by Paul D Brazill,’ said the first five-star review. ‘Too Many Crooks is littered with the usual Brazill razor-sharp one-liners honed to perfection, as the eccentric characters weave in and out of trouble.’
WHEN IT GROWS DARK by Jorn Lier Horst
This Scandi crime prequel to the William Wisting detective series takes us back to 1983. After a brutal robbery the ambitious young Norwegian policeman is edged off the investigation by more experienced officers, but he soon uncovers another case – not only unsolved but as-yet unrecognised as murder. A bullet-riddled old car is discovered in a dilapidated barn, and it seems that driver couldn’t have escaped alive. This case shapes William Wisting’s police career, influencing his later investigations.
If you’ve not met Wisting before then this is an ideal introduction – especially if you’re looking for a well-constructed characters who’s as interesting as Henning Mankell’s Wallander.
A FALLING BODY by Anders Kermod
Andrea is a successful businesswoman in need of a new challenge. She enters an unusual arrangement with a wealthy but physically failing old man: he can share her experiences as if they were his own. Wary of the pitfalls, Andrea is attracted by the salary and fascinated by the technology. At first, her ever-present internal observer changes her behaviour in unexpected but not wholly unwelcome ways. Soon, though, it becomes clear that her new employer wants to share the kind of experiences which threaten her very self. How can Andrea resist and outwit an adversary who instantaneously knows her every thought and feeling?
An innovative thriller, pushing at the edge of our reality.
RETRIBUTIONS by Chris Graham
An explosion in an empty bookshop harms nobody, and is followed by a string of apparently unconnected murders. The method of killing varies and the victims are apparently uninvolved. Yet all the murders are claimed by the same killer, who emails the investigating officers. Each new murder raises more questions. Why are they being chosen as victims? What kind of victim will the killer choose next? Who is targeting these people so accurately, whilst taking such extreme care to avoid any accidental victims? And what have they all done to incur his obvious displeasure?
Retributions draws together atheist scientists, Muslim and Christian clerics, entrepreneurs and entertainers, and a fifteen year old youth. Unravelling the mystery involves a gay, atheist vicar, a sexually-charged grieving widow, a high class hooker and her biker boyfriend, along with several extremely baffled policemen…
CHASE: THE HUNT FOR A KING by Thomas Dellenbusch
A clever blend of historical treasure hunt and current-day political thriller, this novella-length ‘movie of the mind’ explores Arthurian legend and modern Scottish independence. Set in the (very…) near future, Scotland is poised to vote for separation. A seemingly unconnected fatal car crash proves to be anything but accidental, and the victim’s sons call on members of the CHASE detective agency for assistance. As they start tugging on the threads of the mystery, one of the sons disappears. Secret societies who’ve been hiding the shadows for centuries start taking dramatic action – to bring a new king to the throne of Scotland… or to kill him.
Recommended for fans of the Da Vinci Code, this second ‘CHASE’ story to be translated into English offers a mix of intriguing historical possibilities with non-stop action adventure.
TOKYO NIGHTS by Jim Douglas; a private investigator has been hired to look into the death of a wealthy businessman’s daughter. He’s got some.
SHERLOCK HOLMES AND THE NINE-DRAGON SIGIL by Tim Symonds
This.’
BLOOD MOON by John David Bethel
Inspired by a true story of kidnapping, torture, extortion and murder, Blood Moon tells the story of businessman Recidio Suarez who is brutally beaten and abducted. Handcuffed, shackled and blindfolded, he has no idea why he has been targeted. He endures a month of captivity until finally, under torture and the threat of harm to his family, Suarez is forced to hand over his multi-million dollar holdings to his captors. He survives, but then struggles to convince the Miami-Dade police that a crime has been committed.
Includes a foreword by the only surviving victim of the crime and an afterword by the private investigator who was instrumental in solving the case. The blurring of fact and fiction gives Blood Moon ‘an extra edge… the story reveals the horrific extent of the physical and mental torture Recidio Suarez has to endure in the hands of his captors. It’s certainly not for the faint-hearted.’
More ripping reads will follow in our next round-up. Authors / publishers: feel free to drop an email or find us on Facebook if you’d like your title to be mentioned next time around (and please share this post to assist your fellow scribblers. Thanks!)
One thought on “Crime Time: new books and recommended reads”
Thanks!Canon PIXMA MG5751 Driver Download
Reviews– Standard PIXMA MG 5751 is a versatile and simple to utilize 0.5-ink on one condition. Communicate adequately with printing, check and quality still images or recording adaptability all through the house. In addition, the individual ink tanks, you will only need to the change the shading runs out so you will save money on the cost of time and cash. The interface and print, copy or check with the PIXMA MG5751. Is one of the images with the high number of components covered and deeper blacks and reds are more typical. This is because the situation with Canon’s FINE cartridge line, which utilizes five Canon FINE ink cartridges and printing reports up to 4,800dpi. Also, it provides high print speeds for the most part come to 12.6 IPM mono and 9.0 in the image shading minutes with ISO ESAT. In fact, even large 15cm 10X and images Without Borders only takes 41 seconds to gather the family to come to in a matter of minutes in any capacity.
Printing and immediately effective with your cell phone and use PRINT-December. By downloading the app, you will be able to work hard copies of reports and images utilizing the device. You can get even primarily for the cloud organization. The majority of these can be achieved without joining a Wi-Fi or control the use of the Internet in the light of how the Wi-Fi Direct Mode makes remote frame for granted. Print photos in seconds with PIXMA Cloud Link update. PIXMA Cloud joins it easier to print your photos from Facebook and Instagram and Flickr or print records for the branch cloud like Google Drive, and Dropbox onedrive. You can also exchange notes to Google Drive successfully sifted pictures, new onedrive including OneNote system.
Working with five individual ink tanks, and you only need to change the shading drained, with optional XL ink is more resistant. Although print different programming we will offer assistance in saving paper as well, so you can make sure a lesser extent the misuse of cash and the most amazing. PIXMA MG5751 and highlights 6.2CM screen shading makes everything one more expansive. Determination of the ability to see images or use cloud office, you will be able to control the business in any request by one. In addition, the power automatically, there is no follow around to start1 Driver Download
This Driver Printer is Support for:
- Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 8.1
- Mac Os X
- LinuxI forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to ‘react’ energetically to money, and thus giving money power over me.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to ‘react’ energetically towards money, in relation to money, because of money, when money is mentioned, when money is exchanged, when I think about money, when I think about how much I will get paid, when I calculate how much I have for bills, when I have an unexpected expensive suddenly come up, when someone ask me for money, no matter what the context, I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to take into consideration my ‘energetic reaction’ either ‘positive’ or ‘negative’ when I am dealing with money, instead of being here, and breathing and simply moving money in a practical way within the the context of what is best for all.
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to produce ‘moods’ within myself in relation to money, where I will within myself think about money in various different contexts, depending on the situation and in this actually create a specific experience inside me in relation to money where I would either bring myself ‘up’ or ‘down’ depending on if the context, and how I have forged my energetic definitions and connections in relation to money throughout my life, and thus within doing this, accepting and allowing my relationship with money to be determined by the energetic associations which I have given it, and in this am actually “giving my power” away to ENERGY, to the Energetic Charges I have placed on money, and so as per sequence end up giving my power away to money through the energy relationships i have established around it.
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to determine what I do with my money based on “how I feel about it” where I have given authority to the Energetic Relationships i have formed around money, instead of simply doing what is best for all, and thus moving/directing my money according to principle, according to what is practically effective and supportive within my environment within the context of what is best for all.
I commit myself to when and as I am dealing with money in any way, to direct myself to stop any “energetic experience/reaction” that comes up within me in relation to it, and so in this assisting and supporting myself to Remain Here when practically moving/directing money.
I commit myself to assist and support myself to practice moving/directing money practically based on principle and stopping ALL energetic reactions that emerge within me, where when I see an energetic experience coming up, whether positive or negative, I stop and I breath and I assist and support myself to simply remain here when dealing with money, and stop the ‘altering my mood’ consequence of “going into energetic experiences related to money” and so within this I am Here, assisting and supporting myself to Be Here in my reality as a point of Stability, and to assist and support myself to practive doing this with money unitil I can move/direct money and be stable in where I I do not go into some alternate reality as energetic experience as the highs and lows in relation to money as the ‘Reality’ I have created as the Energetic Connections I have formed around money. I see that this reality of Emotional and Feeling Connections I have formed around money was not done in Awareness within the Context of what is best for ALL, but yet I have have simply accepting and allowed this ‘Reality’ to control and dominate me when it comes to money, instead of me Directing Myself within a Point of Stability and Constancy when it comes to money, doing this
Discover Awareness within the Mundane – Life Review
desteni.org
eqafe.com
equalmoney.org
desteniiprocess.com
Creations Journey To Life 7 Year Process Blogs
Heavens Journey To Life 7 Year Process Blogs
2 thoughts on “The Way I Feel About Money – An Artists Journey to Life: Day 345”
Pingback: Positivity is like a Drug: DAY 201 | Anna's Journey to Life
Pingback: Ride like Lightening, Crash like Thunder: DAY 202 | Anna's Journey to LifeWhen: Fri., June 24, 5 p.m. 2016
Introduction to the work of Tomás Montaño and his new
series, everything needn’t always be something. Refreshments will be served.
Price: FREE
★★★★★★★★★★
518 S. Americana Blvd. (Boise Downtown and Fringe)
on October 17, 2014
55 slides
Select a star to rate.
© 2018 Boise Weekly
ReviewsBecause we live and work here too, we know that our company is only as strong as the communities we serve. That’s why have a legacy of partnerships with community, state and federal organizations to advance education and the arts, community support and environmental stewardship within the cities and towns we serve.: Since 1986, we've offered our Lend-A-Hand program as an opportunity for our customers to help those having trouble paying their utility bills by simply adding a few extra dollars with their OG&E payment. By checking the Lend-A-Hand box on your bill or adding an amount to your online bill, your entire contribution will be forwarded to The Salvation Army which then distributes the money to help pay for electricity, gas, fuel or firewood for your neighbors in need. For more information, please contact The Salvation Army office in your area. To locate the nearest office of The Salvation Army, call 405-840-0735. 11 years, we’ve partnered with agencies such as the Salvation Army, Areawide Aging Agency and Community Action Agency to provide 1,000.
American Bald Eagle Nest: Part of our service territory is within bald eagle habitat. In 2007, a team at our Sooner Power Plant built and installed an artificial nesting platform on the plant’s Sooner Lake near Ponca City, Okla. We joined state and private agencies to install an outdoor camera that streams live footage of the nest to Sutton Avian Research Center’s website. Millions of people from more than 62 countries have watched the eagle family which, since then, has reared approximately 29 eaglets at that site. was included in an ongoing, 10-year project for the Department of Zoology at Oklahoma State University, studying the ecological evolution of these $XX.
Avoid the heat and prevent heat-related illnesses.
Avoid the heat and prevent heat-related illnesses.The scene of this morning’s motorcycle-SUV crash (Seth Gottfried)
Two motorcyclists are fighting for their lives after crashing into an SUV in Queens early today, police said.
Naquawn Macintosh, 25, and Corney McIntosh, 23, were sharing a blue Suzuki GSX when they plowed into a black 2005 Cadillac Escalade in Richmond Hills on 124th Street, near Atlantic Avenue, about 4:10 a.m., law-enforcement sources said.
The motorcyclists were heading eastbound on Atlantic Avenue when they hit the SUV — while the Escalade was heading north on 124th street when the driver said he was hit, cops said.
The 25-year-old was pinned between the motorcycle and the car, police said, while the 23-year-old was thrown from his seat.
EMS rushed the two to Jamaica Hospital. One man was rushed at 4:27 a.m., while another at 4:50 a.m., a source said. It was not immediately clear why.
Both men are listed in critical condition, authorities said.
Naquawn allegedly had pot taped to his thigh, while Corney allegedly had crack cocaine in his anus, law-enforcement sources added. Charges were pending.
The SUV driver, Mohan Omesh, 29, appeared to be boozed-up after blowing a Breathalyzer test, law-enforcement sources said.
He was over twice the legal limit of 0.08, sources added.
Omesh has been charged with first-degree DWI, along with driving without insurance, authorities said.Style 111 is a version of Style 101 that is constructed to accept Imperial or Majestic finials instead of the standard picket points. Adding finials to your aluminum fence makes your fence stand out from any other aluminum fence. Add the touch of elegance to your yard, by having a Jerith Aluminum Fence.
Take a look at the estate gates - they make every driveway or entrance stand out! alien may take by devise, inheritance, gift or purchase, and hold, convey, devise or otherwise dispose of land within this state as if he were a citizen, and if an alien owner of land within this state shall die, his land shall descend in the same manner as if he were a citizen..I love using Art of Problem Solving’s “Introduction to Number Theory” book as a way to help my younger son build number sense. We went through the book together a few years ago and he’s going through it on his own now.
Yesterday he worked on a section discussing perfect, deficient, and abundant numbers. These concepts are something that a kid can understand, but also come into play in unsolved problems in number theory. For a 4th grader I think the fun is in understanding the new ideas rather than their connection to the Riemann hypothesis:
Superabundant numbers on Wikipedia
For me, though, the ideas are a sneaky way to build numbers sense.
So, is 60 perfect, abundant, or deficient?
Here’s my son explaining what those terms mean:
Here’s his answer to the question:Gosh, it’s been a long time since I shared any recipes! I’ve had so many ideas for this blog, for life, for everything lately that it’s been hard to focus in one direction, but fear not, I intend to get back to sharing the food love properly from now on. Funnily enough the last recipe that I shared was also blueberry related, so I’m seeing a bit of a theme developing.
Now, nothing says summer to me more than sweet fresh berries, and blueberries and raspberries are my particular favourites, especially if you can get the home grown variety. This cake is excellent for three main reasons – it tastes like summer, it can be cobbled together and popped in the oven in about 5 minutes, and crucially, it’s a one bowler. I love anything that saves me from lots of washing up.
Blueberry & vanilla buttermilk cake
- 250g washed fresh blueberries
- 115g room temperature butter
- 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped out
- zest from 1 large juicy lemon
- 2 tsps baking powder
- 290g flour
- 140g sugar, plus extra for sprinkling
- 120ml buttermilk (see note below)
Pre-heat your oven to 180 degrees centigrade.
In a large bowl mix together the butter, vanilla seeds, sugar, lemon zest, baking powder and flour. Keep back a couple a teaspoons of the flour and sprinkle it over the blueberries, as this helps to keep them suspended in the batter as the cake bakes.
stir everything until well combined and then add the buttermilk to loosen up the mixture. Fold the floury blueberries in carefully, making sure not to split any.
Turn the batter out into a baking tin (I used a square 6×6 inch pan, but round would also work fine) and use a knife to smooth and even out the top.
bake for about half an hour to forty minutes, rotating the tin once to make sure that it cooks evenly.
once out of the oven, place the tin on a cooling rack and sprinkle the top with the extra sugar while it is still warm. Wait until the cake is cold and then tuck right in!
a small note about buttermilk. You can buy it from some supermarkets, I’ve seen it in Waitrose and bigger Tesco shops before, but it can be a bit of a pain to get hold of. Instead what you can do is use the juice from the lemon that you’ve zested. Put the juice in a measuring jug, top up with milk to 120ml and leave it on your kitchen counter for about 10 minutes. After a while you’ll see it become thick, lumpy and split (sounds yummy, I know!) at which point it’s good to use and is a perfect substitute for shop bought buttermilk.Expand your horizons
To extend the unique benefits of credit union membership to the business community, Sharetec has developed Business Accounts – a complete portfolio of value-driven financial services created exclusively for small to mid-size companies. These services include sweep accounts, special fee structures, daily balance requirements and item tracking. In addition to the typical credit union benefits of lower fees and above-average yields on deposits, your business members will appreciate the high level of convenience and security that our widely acclaimed online banking system offers.Question:
I work in a Internet broadcasting distance learning center. I've read your technical bulliten on distance learning. Do you have any suggestions on how to filter out the noise of a projector that hangs on a ceiling?
Answer:
Sorry, the noise from the projector is acoustical. A microphone cannot sort out the acoustical noise you do want (speech) from the acoustical noise you do not want (the projector).
A unidirectional microphone might be useful if the rear of the mic can be pointed at the projector.By Janie Amaya, Adrianna McGinley and Andrea Salazar
Former Secretary of Labor Ray Marshall suggested Monday at the Economic Policy Institute that a new, permanent and high-level government position be created to oversee immigration in the United States.
Economic analysts joined Marshall for the release of his new book, “Value-Added Immigration: Lessons for the United States from Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom,” a study comparing the successes and failures of the immigration policies in each country.
Marshall said that the success of the United Kingdom’s Migration Advisory Committee (MAC) in collecting data to determine the country’s need for migrant workers is an idea that should be introduced and implemented in the U.S.
“The [Department of Homeland Security] looks at this problem as a law enforcement problem,” Marshall said. “[But] the Labor Secretary sees it as a labor market problem, [and] it would be fairly easy…to have these systems so that they could communicate with each other.”
Ron Hira, associate professor at Rochester Institute of Technology, said that the lack of data collection in the United States on the effects of immigration on the labor market is a leading factor in policy uncertainties.
“We haven’t built up any analytical capability in immigration, and in many cases we aren’t even collecting data that would inform policy choices,” Hira said. “Analysis isn’t a panacea, but the lack of it contributes to the stalemated positions on immigration policy.”
Like in a business, Marshall acknowledged that the importance of collecting data to measure the economic impact of immigration rather than focusing solely on the enforcement of such policies would improve the effectiveness of future comprehensive immigration policies.
“Immigration is a part of overall economic and social policy in these countries,” Marshall said. “They strive to see to it that the workers they import are complementary to the domestic workers and not competitive with them.”
Originally for Talk Radio News Service.Facebook passes 1.6.
very interesting article for read, i like it. lista de emails lista de emails lista de emails lista de emails lista de emails
thanks for being so kind with us. lista de email lista de email lista de email lista de email lista de email
Hey! I’m at work browsing your blog from my new iphone! Just wanted to say I love reading your blog and look forward to all your posts! Keep up the excellent work!
Hey there! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could get a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having problems finding one? Thanks a lot!!
When I initially commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get several e-mails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove me from that service? Thank you!
Thanks for making me to gain new strategies about desktops. I also possess the belief that certain of the best ways to keep your laptop in leading condition has been a hard plastic-type case, as well as shell, that matches over the top of your computer. A majority of these protective gear are generally model unique since they are manufactured to fit perfectly above the natural outer shell. You can buy these directly from the vendor, or through third party places if they are readily available for your laptop, however don’t assume all laptop may have a covering on the market. Once more, thanks for your points.- News
- Sports
- Opinion
- Obituaries
- Features
- Special Sections
- Classifieds
- Public Notices
Music has always been an integral part of my life. The amount of money I have invested in my CD and record collection would more than likely seem foolish to most. My collection spans many genres including country, western swing, blues, classical, jazz and so.North Carolina House Speaker Tim Moore of Kings Mountain joined Senate Leader Phil Berger (R-Rockingham) on Wednesday to receive the N.C. Economic Development Association’s Legislator of the Year awards.
“Helping businesses in the private sector create jobs remains my number one priority, and as Speaker of the House I focus on economic growth in North Carolina every day,” Moore said. “Just like Sen. Berger, I wouldn’t be here today without the tremendous work of my fellow General Assembly members who are creating an economic climate that works for all citizens in our state.”
“In Cleveland County, we know how important the economic development process is to North Carolina. Having a good job solves so many problems for families, and our employers can hire from a world-class workforce in our state.”
“I’m proud to accept this award today because it highlights the positive economic impact and success of recent reforms we’ve passed in the North Carolina House of Representatives.”
The N.C. Economic Development Association listed the following economic success in North Carolina
- Predicted $550 million budget surplus
- North Carolina has had the country’s fastest growing economy since 2013
- North Carolina ranks No. 1 for IT employment growth
- Tax revenues have increased 6 percent this year, and the state has a $400 million budget surplus.
- Kevin EllisEMG Overview
The EMG package delivers ease of use for myographic studies. Capture and analyze insertion activity, MUAP, and interference.
Adjust windows, amplitude-, and time scales as required; these settings are automatically stored.
Select from a detailed muscle list and predefine a sequence of tests to be performed, add muscles as required during the study. Customize your list of muscles.
Windows for ongoing EMG data display, cascaded data display, detail window, MUAP class window. Select trigger level and width.
Trigger based automatic MUAP detection and classification. Automatic calculation of MUAP parameters: amplitude, duration, phases, turns, size index.
Since the EMG raw data are stored a review of raw data and reanalyses are possible.
Report generation with graphic and table insertion and customized report templates. Review EMG on networked review stations with the EMG review software option.
Review all tests performed on a patient including Neurography, EEG, EP, SLEEP, EMG if applicable and software option installed.
Export/import tests in alpha trace native format or EDF format (where applicable) if required.Singer Natalie Imbruglia has listed her gated, Mediterranean-style house on Los Angeles? Sunset Strip for $4,500,000.
First off, kudos to Your Mama over at the Real Estalker for getting the scoop on this item a few days ago. As she correctly noted, Imbruglia paid $2,140,000 in September 2002 for the five-bedroom, 5,434-square-foot house, which is located at 9145 St. Ives Drive in Los Angeles. Imbruglia purchased the house through her 2002 Saint Ives Drive Real Estate Trust, according to public records. Around that time, both the Los Angeles Times? Ruth Ryon and myself in the Chicago Tribune wrote about Imbruglia?s purchase of the house, which was built in 1954.
Now, Imbruglia, 32, has the house on the market and is headed to parts unknown. However, she long has owned a variety of other residences, including in Windsor, England, Sydney, Australia, and Newcastle, Australia, according to news accounts. So it?s entirely possible that Imbruglia, who married to Silverchair singer Daniel Johns in late 2003, merely has decided to downsize her real-estate portfolio.
In any case, features in Imbruglia?s L.A. house.
Check out listing information?complete with lots of photos?for Imbruglia?s house here, here.Lookupuk.com - England Board
Message #43920
Board Name: England
David Hunter
Scotland
Jan 10, 2003
I am trying to trace JANE SAVAGE last heard of in Portsmouth 1970 She went to Talhandaq school in malta Her father was in the MPBW in Malta but based in the UK. Anyone knowing any information please contact me, PLEASE.
Reply to this message
Previous Message
Next Message
Boards Menu
Search BoardsI’m a 26 year old teacher living in the UK. I found relatively little information available online to help me decide whether or not to use the contraceptive implant – most information available was either negative or unhelpful comments about how much people regretted having it put in. I want to help others in their choice by providing real time experiences on a week-by-week basis, to get a real feel for how Nexplanon affects me, if at all.
Obviously it is important to be aware that every woman will react differently, and the implant may not suit everyone!
Good luck and I hope you find this useful 🙂
AdvertisementsHi beauties,
Today I choose to review the latest foundation that I am using – the Estée Lauder Double Wear Cushion Stick. It is actually the first product that I have purchased from the brand and I can say that I was nicely surprised from this foundation and I really love it.
First of all, I am pleased with the packaging – it is very compact and perfect for traveling as a brush is not required. Instead, the foundation comes with a sponge applicator, which is quite easy to use. I literally only need to twist the base for an adequate amount of product and after that the liquid is dispersed through a small hole in the cushion.
Also, the sponge is detachable so it enables you to clean it regularly. I wash it with soap and warm water. After that I reattach it to the gold ring and let it dry before I close the cap.
What makes it different from other similar products is that it has an innovative and “smart” design, which shows how much of the foundation is left. In fact, with each use the transparent part of the container reduces its size until it completely disappears which is a sign that it should be reloaded.
I find it perfect for the warm days at it feels really light-weight; it gives sheer to medium coverage. However, it can be build up for a fuller coverage. Its formula is a blend of highly emollient lipids and butters, which melt on contact with the skin and give it a natural look.
It also moisturizes the skin very well and hydrates even the dry areas of the face. The foundation is also quite long lasting (7-8 hours) and looks amazing throughout the day. The finish of the foundation is beautiful, it makes the skin radiant and gives it a healthy glow. I am happy that I chose a shade that blends very well with my natural tan. The color that I chose is 2C2 Pale Almond.
So far, after using this product I am really happy with it and will definitely repurchase it.
Would you try this product? Comment below. 🙂This is a page about postal code of Taslic, Grigoriopol Tr., with more professional information like latitude, longitude and online map etc.
This is online map of the address Taslic, Grigoriopol Tr.. You may use button to move and zoom in / out. The map information is for reference only.
Latitude:47.0722,
Longitude:29.3953.
WEB | AMP⚡As sustainability leaders continually step up their game when it comes to tracking, managing and reducing energy use, they almost always hit a significant roadblock: Actually getting their energy use data from utilities.
Energy use data (kWh for electricity, therms of natural gas, etc.) rarely exist electronically in companies. Paper utility bills are received and manually processed monthly, which can mean hundreds of bills per month for a large company with hundreds or thousands of locations.
As a result, more and more companies are looking to utility bill management vendors for assistance — and the vendors are also stepping up their game. These vendors are in a very good position to help companies build and maintain a company-wide database or “system of record” of energy use and cost.
Companies will need to determine if one or two vendors are required to satisfy their utility bill management, carbon management, and energy needs, and I’m here to help you take stock of this growing market.
The Scope of the Problem
The difficulty in getting hard energy-use data, in electronic format, takes on an additional burden because of the importance of those data to mission-critical sustainability initiatives, including:
- Calculating a company’s carbon footprint for CSR reports,
- Completing surveys for groups like the Dow Jones Sustainability Index,
- Submitting information to registries like the Carbon Disclosure Project, and
- Complying with surveys from customers like Walmart and IBM
This information is not typically available electronically because energy use information is rarely collected in financial accounting systems, such as those from SAP or Oracle.
The default approach is manual data entry into a spreadsheet or database by facilities, EHS, sustainability, or finance teams. Not only is this process almost always laborious and error-prone, it can also be problematic, as it takes time to identify the right individual and to obtain the necessary approval to get this task added to a person’s job description. This manual approach is further complicated by personnel turnover.
One apparent solution is to obtain the energy data electronically from the utilities, but few utilities actually offer this data electronically — and this situation doesn’t appear likely to change much in the next 3–5 years, even with the increased use of utility smart meters.
Next page: Utility bill management vendors come to the rescue
Carbon accounting software does not directly solve this data capture problem either. These products offer sophisticated capabilities for calculating carbon emissions and analytics. Along with useful import capabilities, most offer workflow for forms-based data entry, but an employee is still needed to retype data from a paper utility bill.
So sustainability teams are left with a large data capture problem, and few obvious solutions.
Utility Bill Management Vendors to the Rescue
Frustrated by these impediments, more sustainability leaders are now turning to utility bill management vendors for solutions.
Utility bill payment vendors have been around for years. Their services aggregate utility bill data, look for errors, and enter data into software, which provides analytics and sends data electronically to a customer’s financial system. In some cases, they also actually pay the bill. (The latter is particularly helpful if a firm is plagued by late payment charges).
Their typical business model charges a monthly service fee, and this service is typically sold to the finance department.
Leading utility bill payment vendors include Advantage IQ, EnergyCap, Entech, National Information Solutions Cooperative (NISC), Pace Global, Summit Energy (part of Schneider Electric), and others. Offshore firm Infosys and others have also recently entered this market.
In leveraging this electronic database of energy use and cost, leading utility bill vendors have added carbon footprint calculation capabilities to their offerings. Four of them, in fact, were included in our list of top EECA vendors — Advantage IQ, Entech, NISC, Pace Global and Summit Energy.
These vendors differ in breadth of services (some also offer energy procurement services), global reach, and vertical strength (some are leaders in retail, while others work with industrial firms).
Next page: Key features of software options
Several firms choose to invest in a utility bill payment solution rather than a carbon management solution because their major need is capturing energy use data cost-effectively, not sophisticated carbon calculations or reporting.
Utility Bill Management vs. Carbon Management
Utility bill management and carbon management vendors have different historical starting points that affect their product offerings. Increasingly, vendors who are strong in one area also offer services in other areas.
A third category of vendor applications are solutions based on submetering, which gathers energy use typically every 15 minutes directly from consuming asset (a building, lighting, furnace, etc.), and this energy use data is sent to energy management software. Submeter solutions involve vendors such as Cimetrics, E-Mon, SquareD, Schneider Electric, and many others.
Recommendations for Companies
While no solution is perfect and each approach has different strengths and weaknesses, utility bill management vendors are powerful solutions for firms with many facilities and need basic scope 1 and 2 carbon footprint calculations.
Sometimes, the right solution is a hybrid approach. It is not uncommon to find companies that have used a leading carbon management firm, such as Credit360, ENXSuite, and Hara, which have rich carbon management features and strengths, and pulled energy use data from leading utility bill management vendor. We have seen such hybrid solutions banking, retail, and industrial settings.
Other firms use carbon management software, utility bill management software, or energy management software to manage their submetered data.
Clearly, this vendor market is fluid and developing.
Utility Bill Management Firms Still Find Themselves in a Good Position.
Within the next two years, look for traditional utility bill management vendors to add services for energy procurement and sustainability, and look for traditional carbon management and energy management vendors to add utility bill management services.
At our Enterprise Smart Grid conference on November 2, you can learn more about how Staples (a retailer), Genzyme (a biotech manufacturer), Beacon Capital Partners (a real estate investment firm with dozens of large commercial office buildings), Precision Cast Parts (an industrial conglomerate), and Harvard University use different software products to meet their utility bill payment, carbon management, and submetering needs.
Photo CC-licensed by Allen Ellison.In a surprise decision, Russia’s central bank on Friday cut its key interest rate, which it had raised sharply last month to support the collapsing ruble, in order to help the fading economy. The move triggered a drop in the ruble, which was down more than 3 percent at 71 rubles against the dollar in early afternoon trading in Moscow. The central bank explained its decision to cut the rate from 17 percent to 15 percent by saying that the risks of an economic slowdown are now higher than the risks associated with the ruble’s drop. The currency’s 50 percent percent, to peak in the middle of the year and fall below 10 percent next year as the economy adjusts to the weaker ruble. “Inflation and inflation expectations are expected to decrease,” the bank said in a statement. The central bank had raised its key interest rate to 17 percent in December in a desperate attempt to curb the devaluation of the ruble, which was fueling inflation by raising the price of imports. More
Russia cuts key rate to help economy, leaving ruble to dropRecycling Equipment Manufacturers. If you want to purchase equipment for EPS recycling, EPS-IA can help. Below is a comprehensive list of corporations that Paper recycling equipment and paper recycling machinery by Krause Manufacturing for paper recycling. Learn more about Krause paper recycling equipment.
Chang Woen specializing in manufacturing tire recycling machine, we succeeded in applying to the patent for new-style tire recycling machineEurope Recycling BV is een veelzijdige organisatie met een breed product- & serviceprogramma voor bedrijven in de bosbouw- en recyclingindustrie.Plastic Recycling Machine Manufacturers Manufacturers, Factory, Suppliers From China, Our aim is to help customers realize their goals. We are making great efforts to ...China Plastic Machine supplier, Extruder, Recycling Machine Manufacturers/ Suppliers - Jiangsu Lianguan Science & Technology Development Co., Ltd.
Click the button above to get a discount !
hammer crusher iro ore jaw crusher manufacturer in malaysiaused iron ore cone crusher suppliers in india. used iron ore jaw crusher price malaysia mobile iron ore jaw ...
The remanufactured 42HD-84 Blanchard Surface Grinder. Only our machines can truly “Blanchard Grind”, recognized worldwide as the leader in surface grinding.
SISTEMA DE TRITURACION, DE LA PLANTA TRITURADORA DE ... distribucion de equipos planta trituradora de baterias. sbm . SBM File Transmission System.
crushing production crusher unit for sale in kerala quarry plant business in ... 201396-kerala quarry license – CGM mining Production Line rock quarry new license ...
Find 438 Aluminium Roofing Sheet manufacturers from Global Sources ★ Source top quality ... We've been producing steel products for 20 years ... Aluminum coils (22)ADOT looks at Tucson to Phoenix transitPosted: Updated:
TUCSON, Ariz. -- It's a plan that's been talked about for years, a passenger train from Tucson to Phoenix.
Now the Arizona Department of Transportation is looking deeper into it, asking for input from people who might use it.
The thought of a passenger rail from Tucson to Phoenix sparks the interest of most residents.
"I just think it's a fantastic idea. Why on earth doesn't the United States of America have high speed trains. I don't get it. It makes no sense. This is the perfect place for it," said resident Kathy Lackow.
ADOT picked the U of A campus as the place for the first of 12 intercity rail study open houses.
"The first thing that ADOT typically does with a study like this is we reach out to the public to ask the public some specific questions about what interest they have in new travel options between Phoenix and Tucson," said Michael Kies from ADOT.
The most popular option among the people attending the open house is a commuter rail. They feel like it could cut out congestion on I-10.
"As people have noticed recently, a lot of sand storms, a lot of huge accidents. I think this could help alleviate that," resident David Hart.
The study isn't just looking at a passenger rail system between the two cities. Another option could be an express bus.
By the summer of 2012, ADOT says they will approach the public with their ideas on alternative transportation.
"Following that we will come to a preferred plan and one of the preferred plans could be that we don't do anything in what we call the no build alternative," said Kies.
The no build alternative would remain in place, if the public isn't interested in another type of transportation between the Valley and the Old Pueblo.
All comments for the study must be in by November 14. If you can't make the remaining three open houses in Tucson, comments can be made at the Intercity Rail site.The University of Notre Dame’s Institute for Latino Studies (ILS), in close collaboration with the Creative Writing Program, will present a conference, “Angels of the Americlypse,” on October 28 and 29, 2015, featuring Latino/a poetry readings, literary translation, and roundtable discussions.
The event—held in conjunction with Letras Latinas, the ILS literary initiative—will include readings by acclaimed poets Rosa Alcalá, Carmen Giménez Smith, Roberto Tejada, and Rodrigo Toscano.
“This gathering exists at the nexus of politics, poetics, translation, publishing, scholarship, and activism,” said Joyelle McSweeney, associate professor of English and director of Notre Dame’s Creative Writing Program. “We’re excited to welcome our accomplished guests into our vibrant community.”
Angels of the Americlypse, a recent anthology of new Latino/a writing that serves as backdrop of the conference, aims to further the dialogue among Latino/a poets seeking to enrich the field.
“As the conversation about race evolves, so do the shifting boundaries and markers of Latinidad—and, in the case of this anthology and many of the most exciting works being written by Latinos, aesthetics itself,” said Smith, a co-editor of the volume.
On the mornings of October 28 and 29, graduate students in the Creative Writing Program will conduct oral history video interviews with the four poets in the ILS Julian Samora Library.
At 2 p.m. October 28 in McKenna Hall, Alcalá, Giménez Smith, Tejada and Toscano will take part in a public conversation titled, “Latino Poetry in Relation.” The event will be introduced and moderated by Michael Dowdy, an associate professor of English at Hunter College of the City University of New York.
Then, at 7:30 p.m., the four poets will give a collaborative performance of their work at the Eck Auditorium in the Eck Visitors Center (a pre-reading reception begins at 6:15 p.m.). The event will be live-streamed for a national audience.
“This is a first for us,” said Francisco Aragón, ILS faculty member and director of Letras Latinas. “We have reached out to the Poetry Foundation in Chicago and the Academy of American Poets in New York, among others, to help us get the word out. The Poetry Center at the University of Arizona will be hosting a viewing party in Tucson. Our hope is to have a good portion of the national poetry community ‘attending’ our event via the Web.”
On Thursday, October 29, the poets will also participate in a roundtable talk at 2 p.m. in McKenna Hall. The discussion, “The Politics of Translation,” will be introduced and moderated by Johannes Göransson, assistant professor of English at Notre Dame.
The Angels of the Americlypse conference builds on the legacy of a Latino poetry conference held at Notre Dame in fall 2002, organized in large part by Professor of English Orlando Menes, who also serves as poetry editor of Notre Dame Review.
“These are poets who take estrangement seriously—not as an attitude, not as a fad, not as an affection—but as a heartfelt call to speak their truth in communal fellowship, “ said Menes, referring to Alcalá, Giménez Smith, Tejada, and Toscano.
Letras Latinas strives to enhance the visibility, appreciation, and study of Latino literature both on and off campus. The initiative emphasizes programs that support newer voices and foster a sense of community among writers.
The Creative Writing Program at Notre Dame is a course of study with the flexibility for students to initiate a variety of literary lives through exposure to a range of aesthetics, a global literary orientation, coursework in historical and contemporary literary forms, and interaction with visiting authors and scholars.
In addition to the Creative Writing Program, campus co-sponsors include the Henkels Lecture Fund at the Institute for Scholarship in the Liberal Arts, the Department of American Studies, the Department of English, the Graduate School, the Department of Romance Languages and Literatures, and the José E. Fernández Hispanic Studies Initiative.
Originally published at al.nd.edu.Here:
- no spandex
- no free-ride hard-core equipment
- helmet only as fashion accessory
- dress chic and with style when cycling
- riding bicycle in sexy
Here’s the firs taste: city was pretty much empty this afternoon, it was Saturday and…there wasn’t much chic cyclists. I didn’t bother with those in spandex I met on my 20km or so trip to the centre.
Slow and city-click.
Trisome : Two girls and a bicycle.
Young man and an old bicycle. Who needed a rest ?
Cycling doggie style. In a basket.
SUV terror: since our bike lanes are major underdeveloped, people use heavy duty full suspended mountain bikes to fight their way trough Ljubljana. NOT !
Good luck on your new site!
Thnx, it’s a cold start, when temperatures rise also cyclists will come out of their holes.
can’t wait for the warmer weather… i was planning to visit Ljubljana when we were in venice and trieste… maybe next year.. keep up the blog!
I hear you’re having a great cycling atmosphere also over there in Toronto!
Hope to come around soon and meet an old friend.MJM magic shop is the best on the web. Forget about all the others. This is where you want to shop. The service is excellent.
Read More ->
I've just received my Black Widow. I ordered it on Saturday and it was
here this morning in Sydney Australia. That is the fastest service
I've...
Read More ->Discount maybe available if you buy multiple items. PM me or e-mail me (preferred) to psychogis@shaw.ca. Buyers can choose to not get the packages to save on shipping, but price of items would still be the same. Local and Multiple items buyers may get priority. Pics: Transformers for sale: Non-Transformers for sale: * = New items or price adjusted G1: Blades body only $8 Blaster - body only $20 Blurr - complete 40 Bonecrusher body only $6 Brawn - complete $10 Bruticus - complete plastic version $125 Eject - complete w/silver guns, $18 Eject - body only w/ some wear $5 Gunrunner Pretender inner robot $6 Nosecone body only $9 Overdrive - complete has some chrome wear on body $18 Ramhorn - complete w/silver guns, has chrome wear $15 Ramjet - complete $50 Ratchet base/battle station part only $5 Runamuck and Runabout - both complete, Runamuck is yellowed, $20 for the set Ruckus Triggercon - complete $10 Snapdragon - complete $110 Steeljaw - complete w/silver guns $18 Wreck-gar body $10 HASBRO COMMERATIVE REISSUE: Hoist - complete w/box $20 Skids - complete w/box $20 TAKARA BOOKSTYLE COLLECTION REISSUE: 0 Convoy ( Optimus Prime ) - complete w/box & binder , unapplied sticker sheet & missiles on tree, some red color fading on the left side of box $150 12 Minibot - complete w/box (make offer) 13 TM Hot Rod - complete w/box (make offer) BEAST WARS: * Original Ultra Optimus Primal - complete w/instructions signed by Garry Chalk $55 ARMADA Armada Wheeljack - complete w/inst $9 MOVIE 2007/ ROTF / DOTM: 2007 08 Concept Camaro Bumblebee - MOSC $8 ROTF Scout Class Nightbeat - complete $5 ROTF Ice Cream Truck Twins Skids & Mudflap - MOSC $17 CLASSICS / HENKEI / UNIVERSE / HFTD / RTS / GENERATIONS / UNITED: Generations Blurr - complete $15 Henkei Strafe - MOSC $70 Universe Sunstreaker - complete $25 RTS Strafe - MISB $17 RTS Tracks - complete $10 United Windcharger and Wipeout - MISB $50 United Rodimus Prime - MOSC $42 Challenge at Cybertron 3 pack ( White Galvatron , Rodimus , Cyclonus ) - complete w/box $48 BOTCON EXCLUSIVES: 2006 Laserbeak & Buzzsaw - Sealed w/paperworks $280 2009 Sweeps set of 3 - Sealed w/paperworks $160 2011 Autotrooper Set of 3 - Sealed w/paperworks $100 2012 SG Treadshot - Sealed w/paperworks $68 2012 SG Soundwave - Sealed w/paperworks $78 or $98 w/headband 2012 SG Soundwave headband - Sealed w/paperworks $22 TFCC EXCLUSIVES: Breakaway - Sealed w/2007 Collector's Club card and instructions $40 Runamuck - sealed w/paperworks $95 THIRD PARTY Add-on Sets: Igear Kup heads - complete with plastic box $15 Impossible Toys Quint-02 Scientist - MISB $30 JAPANESE PVC: Bumblebee and Spike - complete w/stand and box $5 MISC. Alternity Convoy - black version MISB $50 Device Label Trypticon ( Dinosaurer ) Mouse - MISB $40 Disney Label Mickey Mouse Convoy original blue and red version - MISB $40 Star-wars Transformers Darth Vader Sith Starfighter - MOSC $10 Alternator Optimus Prime MISB $30 CUSTOMS: Classics Huffer from Cybertron Armorhide $10 Classics Seaspray from Cybertron Shortround $15 PARTS: 1984 Frenzy/Rumble left back gun X2 Hound missile launcher Ironhide/Ratchet long gun Ironhide/Ratchet missile X2 Megatron middle stock part Megatron silencer long part Mirage rifle Mirage missile X2 Optimus Prime grey missile Optimus Prime black missile X3 Prowl/Bluestreak/Smokescreen missile X2 Skywarp right fist Soundwave missile Sunstreaker missile Sunstreaker shoulder post 1985 Astrotrain gun broken tip (free with purchase) Bonecrusher hand gun Devastator head Devastator head gun Devastator large purple gun Hoist right fist Inferno/Grapple missile X2 Long Haul hand gun Mixmaster double missile Red Alert missile X3 Skids missile Twintwist gun X4 1986 Brawl vehicle double cannon Bruticus left fist Bruticus left and right foot Deadend cannon missing connector Defensor gun Galvatron black gun Galvatron purple cannon holder Galvatron cannon rear half Groove left vehicle gun Groove right vehicle gun Headstrong sword Metroplex red tower/Six-gun main body Metroplex red twin gun Hot Rod bigger gun Steeljaw left gold gun Steeljaw left silver gun Ultra Magnus waist plate Vortex left vehicle gun Vortex right vehicle gun (darker shade version) 1987 Abominus big gun Afterburner large gun Hardhead shoulder cannon Sinnertwin big gun Slugslinger TM Caliburst top half of body only 1988 Raindance gun w/ some chrome wear Quake targetmaster Heater 1989 Skystalker medium gun X2 Skystalker small guns X2 Non G1 parts: Masterpiece Megatron purple hand gun Armada Unicron missile X2 Constructicon Maximus 2 feet , 1 claw Generation Kup head Cobra EEL Officer backpack bottom part G1 Instructions: 1985 Catalog G1 Tech Spec: Cyclonus G1 sticker sheet: Scattershot partial used Non-Transformers for sale pics: ReVoltech 023 Dangaoih , loose complete , no stand $18 Ironman 2 Walmart exclusive War Machine , MOSC $15 Gundam figures: MSIA Destiny Gundam $12 MSIA EW HeavyArms Custom $15 MSIA EW Wing Gundam Zero Custom $15 MSIA RX-78 GP01B Gundam Zephyranthes Full Burnern Battle Scarred version $12 MSIA RX-78 GP02A Gundam Physalis $14 HCM Pro Zeta Gundam $18 Gundam unbuilt models: 1/144 Victory 2 Gundam from 1993 $5 1/144 HGUC RX-75 Guntank $14 1/144 HGUC RX-77-2 Guncannon $14 Chogokin: Aoshima Shin Seiki Gohkin Shin Getter 2 White , MIB $40 WANT LIST In order of priority: Botcon 2006 Tigatron (PENDING) United Stepper United Jazz right arm and right fist G1 Fortress Maximus , does not need to be complete G1 Repugnus G1 Menasor parts (left fist, waist, sword) and small guns G1 Nosecone guns G1 Grandus parts G1 Hydra and Buster Botcon 2007 Vector Sigma MP-10 Convoy Collector Coin G1 Dinoking G1 Sky Garry G1 Star Saber body in good condition and sword blade G1 Victory Leo missile G1 Getaway G1 Joyride G1 TM Scourge G1 TM Cyclonus G1 Slugslinger's Targetmaster Caliburst G1 Misfire G1 Triggerhappy body G1 Optimus Prime gunBIKER RULES
Svensk text
Most bikers lives by simply rules and expect others to do the same. As a visitor to any biker-meeting You ought to know what regulations are being in force. If You follow the rules below You will minimize the risk of getting in trouble.
Rule No 1:
It's a matter of give and take. Show respect for people You meet and they will treat You likewise. If You try to fuck around with us You will get tenfold back. The strength of any biker-club lies in the fact that the members regard them selves as brothers and take sides with each other. If any of us are insulted we all get insulted. We value honour high.
Rule No 2:
Never attend a biker-meeting uninvited. Nobody tries to enter Your home without an invitation.
Rule No 3:
Don't try to force Your will upon any member and just keep Your hands off our private property. This applies particularly to our bikes, woman and club-waistcoats. We will be insulted if You don't comply with the previous. Go back to
Rule No 1:
to see what will occur.
Rule No 4:
Don't think Your are particular just because You have been invited to a private biker-meeting. You are just ONE among other guests - not a member. Don't expect the members to take Your side if You fuck around with another guest. It's not our problem. We might dislike Your behaviour. In that case
Rule No 1:
automatically takes effect.
Rule No 5:
If any part of our, (simple), rules should apear to be indistinct or should You feel uncertain about what regulations are being in force always refer to
Rule No 1:
text by: ROYSON
HAWKS MCCauses of entropion in dogs
Entropion can be congenital or acquired. Congenital entropion is generally the result of an anatomic defect while acquired entropion is generally the result of trauma or spasm.
Entropion can occur in any individual of any breed but there is probably a hereditary component to canine entropion. It’s commonly seen in Chow Chows, Shar-Peis, Bull Mastiffs, Rottweilers, Great Danes and St. Bernards2.
Symptoms of entropion in dogs
In most cases, the skin and hair that rub over the surface of the eye result in irritation and pain. The animal will often squint their eyes, have watery eyes and pain associated with possible corneal abrasions1. Chronic inflammation can result in scarring and impact vision negatively. It is common for dogs with entropion to paw at their eyes due to discomfort.
Prognosis of entropion in dogs
The short term prognosis can be guarded if secondary trauma and self injury have occurred. Entropion and resultant inflammation can result in ulcerations or abrasions of the cornea.
The long term prognosis—with timely and appropriate intervention—is generally very good. Entropion requires surgical treatment but successful surgery means your dog should be fine.
Treatment of entropion in dogs
The only way to effectively treat entropion is to surgically roll the inverted portion of the eye lid back out. In cases not occurring in conjunction with ectropion (Click here to learn about canine ectropion.) the surgical approach is generally relatively simple but can be delicate and requires an experienced surgeon. Concurrent entropion and ectropion can present a very challenging surgical problem.
Prevention of entropion in dogs
Acquired or secondary entropion associated with trauma can be prevented or at least reduced by having any eye injury examined and treated.
Hereditary or congenital entropion probably has some genetic component. To prevent any hereditary condition means reducing the likelihood of transfer of the gene to the new generation. Affected individuals should be eliminated from breeding programs.
As with any illness or medical condition be sure to consult your veterinarian at once of your dog seems to be having any eye problems.
Questions to ask your veterinarian
- My puppy’s eyes water a lot and he tends to squint. Should I be concerned?
- How will we know if my dog has ectropion too?
If you have any questions or concerns, you should always visit or call your veterinarian -- they are your best resource to ensure the health and well-being of your pets.
Resources:
1."Canine Eyelid Diseases." Animal Eye Care LLC. N.p., n.d. Web. 9 Jan. 2015. <http%3A%2F%2Fanimaleyecare.net%2Fdiseases%2Fcanine%2F>.
2. McLeod, DVM Lianne. "Entropion in Dogs and Cats - Treatment." About.com. Web. 09 Jan. 2015. <>.
Related symptoms:
Reviewed on:
Friday, January 9, 2015You have chosen to publish your review anonymously. If You click 'OK' your review will be published under the pseudonym 'Tristona328' which has been randomly generated by us. If you would prefer your review to be published as 'Guest' please select this option.Publish as 'Guest'
Item Name: Mizuno Aerolite
Category: Golf BagsThings to Bring…
Here is a list of items that you may want to consider bringing with you, as you pack to attend a Brush Creek Reunion (family camp) experience. Not everyone needs everything listed, but these are suggestions have been contributed by long-time reunion attendees, and consider them for YOUR needs:
- Twin-size sheets & blankets, or sleeping bag (unless you have your own cabin with a different sized bed)
- Pillow
- Toiletries (soap, shampoo, conditioner, deodorant, toothbrush & paste, etc.)
- Towel
- Robe & Sandals/Flip-flops for to/from the rest room
- Flashlight & extra batteries
- Rain Poncho and/or umbrella
- Sunscreen and/or burn gel
- Bug repellent
- Night Light (optional)
- Extension cord (if needed)
- Rope for clothes line & swim suit/towel drying
- A fan or some kind of air movement device if you are not in an air-conditioned room
- Alarm clock
- Personal prescriptions or “over the counter” medications for 7 days
- Small light for use in evening to study by
- Scriptures, Bible Dictionary or other reference materials
- Plastic bucket/tote to carry shower supplies to the showers
- Camera
- Paper & pen for notes
- Cash/checks for generous offerings, canteen and bookstore purchases (small bills for canteen please)
- Personal journal
- a good book (to read before bed)
- music for the room
- a few toys for the kids
- Hair dryer, curling iron
- Lawn chair
- Tissues
- Fishing gear
- Lysol
- Swim suit (and floaties for kids)
- Laptop PC (wireless internet IS available at various locations around camp for a fee)
- Personal First-aid kit
- Needle & thread
- Safety pins
- Laundry soap (shared washer/dryer is available)
- Bags for dirty clothes & trash
- Clothes hangers
- Cool, comfortable clothing for 7 days (no neck-ties for men!)
- Pajamas
- Healthy snacks
- Bottled water
- Comfortable walking shoes
- Hand sanitizer
- Contact Lens, case, solution
- Spare eye-glasses
- Paper towels
- Fly Swatter
- Cell Phone & charger (don’t expect much of a cell signal with most providers!)
- Kleenex
- Birthday candles
- Emergency Weather Radio
- Permission Slips for kids (if you’re not their parent)
- Insurance Card for you, and all in your party
- Poison Ivy treatment, for the rare case the kids find some (“Ivy Dry” suggested)
If you have other suggestions to include, drop a note to our webmaster: bradbryant70@gmail.com
AdvertisementsCondition based maintenance is an advanced maintenance strategy able to achieve both cost reduction and high availability and reliability performance. It is based on the system health monitoring whose issues are di-agnostic and prognostic capabilities. The aim of this work is to develop and validate an expert system, by means of Bayesian networks, able to support the health monitoring process of a chiller unit, suitably manufactured for this research scope. We collected the data directly from the running chiller by a condition monitoring system, in order to build the belief network. The goal is the evaluation of the system residual life through the condition monitoring of the system compo-nents, in order to manage the on-condition maintenance activities according to spare parts’ cost, mission demand and magnitude of the potential damage and saving coming from the decision to postpone the operationsEmeraude Toubia & Katherine McNamara Rep 'Shadowhunters' at RDMA 2016
Emeraude Toubia brings some hot color to the red carpet at the 2016 Radio Disney Music Awards held at the Microsoft Theater on Saturday (April 30) in Los Angeles.
The 27-year-old actress joined her Shadowhunters co-star Katherine McNamara at the event, where they’ll also be presenting.
PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Emeraude Toubia
The 2016 Radio Disney Music Awards will air on Sunday, May 1st @ 7PM ET/PT on Disney Channel!
FYI: Emeraude wore a Tracy Reese dress, custom choker, with jewerly from Sylvie Collection and Ruby Stella. Kat wore a Toni Maticevski dress, Lulus shoes, Lady Grey choker and She Bee jewels.
10+ pics inside of Emeraude Toubia and Katherine McNamara at the Radio Disney Music Awards…
Posted to: 2016 Radio Disney Music Awards, Emeraude Toubia, Katherine McNamara, radio disney music awardsRallye-Sport
Vidéos de rallye
Rallye d'Allemagne 2014 (BunningsVideo)
WRC Rallye Deutschland: First win for Neuville and Hyundai 24 August 2014
Thierry Neuville bounces back from his massive shakedown crash to take his first win in the WRC and the first for the new Hyundai World Rally Team
It was a brilliant result for the Belgian, especially given he had that massive crash in the shakedown, when he rolled his Hyundai i20 WRC multiple times before the event had even started..
Australie 2014
Finlande 2014
Allemagne 2014
+ Categories
+ videosCar won't start
1 Answer
Security system active, there will be a shut down procedure in the owners manual and you will need the chipped key to run the protocol.
Shortcuts
Search Dodge Neon Questions
Dodge Neon Experts
- #1Justin GilmoreReputation1,420
- #2Matt ThibaultReputation1,020
- #3Scott GoodyearReputation870
Related Models For Sale
Used Ford Mustang
6 Great Deals out of 1,038 listings starting at $3,995
Used Honda Civic
281 Great Deals out of 4,189 listings starting at $1,995
Used Ford Focus
89 Great Deals out of 2,473 listings starting at $1,200
Used Chevrolet Cobalt
14 Great Deals out of 251 listings starting at $1,000
Used Toyota Corolla
190 Great Deals out of 3,684 listings starting at $1,494
Used Honda Accord
67 Great Deals out of 1,161 listings starting at $1,888
Used Dodge Charger
59 Great Deals out of 736 listings starting at $3,900
Used Volkswagen Jetta
107.CfP: Intl Conf. Small Cinemas--Promotion and Reception, West University of Timisoara, DL 01.02
Expand Messages
- Hello,
Small Cinemas--Promotion and Reception
Timisoara, Romania, 1-3 June 2012
Organizing Institution: Center for Eastern European Film and Media
Studies, West University of Timisoara, Romania, contact email:
ceefms@...:
· The theorizing of styles, genres, new waves, and auteurship
of small cinemas
· Journals, scholarly studies, collections, blogs
· Films in schools
· Stars and glamour
· Racial, ethnic, universal informed reception
· Internet, television and print media promotion
· Communal, regional, national, supra-national promotion
· Distribution, transmission, diffusion
· DVD sales and rental
· Dubbing and subtitling
· Co-productions, exports, imports
· Public and private financing
· Globalization and miniaturization
· Festivals
300-word abstracts and a short bio should be sent to Constantin
Parvulescu, ceefms@.... Submission deadline: 1 February 2012.
(cross posting balkans)
--Date contact: ma defineste pe mine:
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.So it’s that time of year again to make that guy in your life over (MHOH_4)….again. LOL…usually this would be a very happy time in our house but because my guy has his own fashion sense this becomes a battles of wills, so in order to keep peace in our little pixel house I have opted to make myself a guy avi.
Time to see how tough it is to be a guy in the pixel planet…….
First stop an AO place to get rid of this duck walk…………
Long Awkward Pose for free AO the noob walk is so not sexy
AO’s for males and females under the age 30 Days
Ok now with this manly stand and walk I can strut on over to the hair fair…
I am going to check out male hair at the fair….this is soo exciting!!!
After a few trail and error I selected this one from Uw.St Denis-Hair size-L black and grab this group gift skin from (x.x) Dead Bunneh (x.x).
Last but not least a new outfit is in order to go with my new hair and skin. I got this t-shirt and shorts get up from Bubblez Design, a group gift along with the new glasses. Can’t help it, guys that wear glasses are super sexy to me.
Viola! The new, less noob looking, alternate male version of your truly.
Now its count down time to the beginning oh MHOH_4…….
AdvertisementsSEARCH
Enter Our Free Competition To Win $100 or £100
Updated: 16th January 2018
ac00c188de76b3e225d1e58c8b74eabe.gif
Sting Reads Funny Love Texts
Funny, Strange, Yet Efficient Way to Learn Math From a College Professor
Funny Sketch About Flirting At The Gym
Who Is That Funny Person On Your Phone?
Join Us On Facebook
Advertisment
I still question why I find this so funny…
Nightmares Arent Funny At All, But You Might Learn Something Very Useful
My University Made A Funny…
Barack Obama Steps Up For Hillary Clinton, But Can She Live Up To His No-Scandal Example?
Owl Makes Funny Noise to Protect Toy- Menswear
- Shows
Clothes for boys, clothes for girls, boys clothes for girls and vice versa, with an ever so subtle tinge of fetish wear to them? Yes it’s Moschino. To quote one Jeremy Scott, “For this collection I wanted to play around with the idea of mixing masculine and feminine in an assertively subversive way. So as well some overt dress codes of gender – maybe pent-up pinstripe suiting for her, florals, lace and frou-frou for him.” And while it might sound as simple as dresses for boys and trousers for girls, this collection was anything but. Rooted in black tie, there was a Night Porter-ish aesthetic running through this, but with healthy doses of latex underpinning it all. Patches printed with newspaper font slogans and safety pinned to almost flasher style trench coats, shouted out ‘fetish’, ‘pleasure’, ‘pain’, just in case you didn’t get the S&M memo that was communicated via the medium of gimp mask. Silhouettes are cut to accentuate and reveal the human form, while leathers, silks, velvets and marabou hems layered over the latex echo the tactile nature of fetishism. This collection is begging for you to reach out and touch it.
Photographs by Jason Lloyd-EvansI baked this little herbed olive breads for my spontanous birthday party, but let me start from the beginning. Last week had been my birthday. Since my family and most of my friends are not living on the same continent, I didn’t make big plans. I wasn’t even in the mood for a party and time for preparation was tight anyway. And to add to all of this, most of my local friends had been traveling for work or leisure or studying for a soon exam… just bad timing.
My expectations had been a dinner in a nice restaurant, afterwards eating most of my birthday cake without sharing and a nice bottle of something bubbly to wash it down. This had been the plan until two days prior to my special day and it had been a good plan.
Suddenly my invitation list went from zero to maybe 10 to a relatively unknown number, it just happened. The news about my birthday, and the associated celebration spread like wildfire. As much as I was looking forward to celebrate my birthday, I am also a planner and a list maker and this spontaneous party made me nervous. After all I just needed a new plan. Preparing much ahead hadn’t been an option due to lack of time. But all fell into place with a little help and it worked out great. My guests had been neighbors, colleagues and new friends from different parts of my life, but a bunch of mostly strangers among themselves and all of them having a blast. Mr. F took care of the grill, so I had time to enjoy the party, chatting and clinking glasses. And I snacked on some of these little herbed olive breads. They were luscious with a slab of salted butter, just to keep me alive until the cake was served. I still have my priorities and eating as much cake as possible, was the most important one.
This is one of those very versatile recipes, which I appreciate very much. You can swap the herbs mixture for others herbs or spices. Substitute olives for nuts or a mix of both. Just make sure not to forget to make the starter a day ahead, and you are halfway there. I prefer starting kneading with my stand mixer and finishing this dough by hand, to make sure to incorporate all of the ingredients nicely. Forming the little breads are as easy as it could be, just make pieces of the same size (to make sure everything is baked through at the same time) and simply press it into logs, the more uneven the more rustic.
- 800 g / 28.2 oz. all-purpose flour, more for dusting and forming
- 150 g / 5.3 oz. rye flour
- 1 Tbsp. active dry yeast
- 500-600 ml / 2⅛ – 2 ½ cups water (lukewarm)
- 1 ½ Tbsp. fine sea salt
- 1 tsp. granulated sugar
- 200 g / 7 oz. green olives, sliced
- 60 ml / ¼ cup olive oil
- ½ Tbsp. of each: dried oregano, basil, za’atar
- Remove the starter from the refrigerator and let it come to room temperature.
- Add the starter and the remaining ingredients for the dough into the bowl of your stand mixer with the hook attachment or knead by hand. Add only as much water as needed for a firm but smooth dough. Knead for at least 5 minutes. Dust with flour to prevent drying out, cover with plastic wrap and let stand on a warm place for 1 ½ to 2 hours.
- Dust your hands and counter top with flour before kneading the dough shortly. Cut into 10-12 pieces of about the same size. Form logs while pulling and stretching the pieces (the more uneven the more rustic).
- Preheat your oven to 220 C / 425 F and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.
- Place the logs on the baking sheet and let rest about 15 minutes, while oven preheats.
- Make cuts on the top of each little bread and bake 30 minutes. Let cool on a rack or serve still warm.
Sandy says
Olives – I could die for! Would have been perfect for the catering I have to prepare today. But for know 6 loaves of pumpkin-bread are ready. But I’ll give it a try as soon as possible. Eva, are you still in and join me with the E-Mag? And could you write an article in german first? We would like to start and to translate all into english would take to much time.
Hugs, Sandy
Eva says
Hello Sandy
Yes these little breads are great for catering, they are no fuzz at all but very yummy. Which I prefer than you have to prepare several thing at the same time.
Sure I am still game. I’ll write you an email.
Eva @FoodVegetarisch says
Auf diesem Wege noch allerliebste Geburtstagswünsche liebe Eva!!! Und das Olivenbrot ist sehr nach meinem Geschmack. So ein Brottag bei dem es erst zum Frühstück den Brioche Kranz gibt, den ich vorhin bei Sandy entdeckt habe, und dann zum Tagesausklang dein Olivenbrot, das wäre doch seeeeeeehr nach meinem Geschmack 🙂
Ganz liebe Grüße
schickt dir die andere Eva
Eva says
Huhu!
Danke schoen. Ja ich bin auch ein grosser Carbs-fan. Die machen einfach gluecklich. 🙂
Sandy’s Rezept hoert sich ebenfalls zu gut an. Ist bei mir schon fuer den naechsten Brunch vorgemerkt.
Hier der link nochmal:
Bean says
….und es ist sogar Salz drin…. 🙂 Zwei Wochen Abstinenz, iik9oi88888iopoo88uu77ummmm (Kommentar der Bohne zu salzlosem italienischen Brot), aber gut ersetzt durch hervorragenden Fisch und Pasta. Das Brot werden wir jetzt gleich ausprobieren in Ermangelung von hervorragendem Fisch und der Pasta. 😉 Saluti di Svizzera!Domesday Book
The Domesday Book - Extract
Earl Hugh holds Barrow from the King. 15c of land . In lordship he has 4½ ploughs; 2 male with 1 female slaves.
40 villagers, with 13 smallholders, have 11 ploughs.
3 mills at 30s ; woodland, 1 league long and 4 furlongs wide which pays 5s
Previous menu page: Historical Farming Records
Next page: The Farming Improvers
Last Updated. 06-March-2017 By AntheaIt's noon on Friday, and Z's Fish & Shrimp on Lincoln near Belden is packed to the gills. Hospital workers in scrubs and kids from Lincoln Park High School wait for takeout. A lone salesman sits in the window eating fried jumbo shrimp. Next to him, Audrey Starks and her daughter Gwen eat fried chicken and split a plate of hush puppies. And in the back, 85-year-old Ples Farrow is deveining shrimp. Farrow--who will probably clean 600 shrimp today, as well as answer the phone and take orders--has worked as a fish cutter and butcher since the Great Depression. He works Fridays only, and every week his boss, Scott Zells, drives him back and forth from his south-side home.
Nobody in Z's looks upset about being squeezed in--except for maybe his good-sport mother, Myra, who is helping out during the crunch, manning the cash register with one hand and taking call-in orders with the other. It's a far cry from her regular job, doing special events for MK and MK North. Her son, the 35-year-old proprietor, is wearing a doo-rag and a bright blue T-shirt, smiling and trying to keep it together.
It took guts for Zells to open his tiny shop on a street that's already packed with other options for a quick meal. "Look at what's around me," he says, ticking off Domino's, Subway, Quiznos, Potbelly, Chipotle, McDonald's, and Jimmy John's. But Zells has always worked in fast food: at 14 he was dipping ice cream cones at Swensen's, at 16 slinging hot dogs at Fluky's. He studied restaurant management briefly at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (though he graduated with a degree in communications), and his first few management jobs were at the Hunt Club and Joe's Sports Bar.
His fascination with fish started in 1999, when State Fish Distributors, a fish market located near the old stockyards, brought him in to help open the nearby Danny's Fish Market, which sold cooked fish to take out as well as fresh seafood. There he met Farrow, who had retired from State Fish ten years earlier. He'd been lured back to work at Danny's two or three days a week, says Zells, "due to his expertise and general demeanor."
When Danny's closed two and a half years later, Zells was determined to open his own place. Originally he'd thought of a little hot-dog-and-hamburger stand, but he knew Lincoln Park had nothing like the fish-fry places dotting the south side. He found a 640-square-foot space down the street from Children's Hospital, painted the facade a screaming shade of blue, then commissioned "sign painter extraordinaire" Ernie of R and G Signs to decorate it with cartoon images of a smiling ear of corn, a dancing fish, and waving cheese fries. Farrow, fish cutter Grover Jefferson, and Z's four other employees all worked at Danny's.
Z's sells hundreds of pounds of seafood a week, Zells says, all brought in from State Fish. A small charbroiler grills up salmon, tilapia, tuna, shrimp, catfish, and scallops, all served four ways: sauced with teriyaki or honey dijon, seasoned with lemon pepper, or blackened. Fried options include fish, chicken, scallops, and shrimp (served without the tail). There are steamed vegetables and corn on the cob, plus french fries, hush puppies, mac 'n' cheese, fried okra, and onion rings. Catfish, fish-and-chips, and shrimp are available by the quarter, half, and full pound. Desserts include banana or Oreo pudding, coconut cake, and fried Twinkies.
Since the restaurant opened in May 2002, Zells has had no time for vacations or much of a social life. But he does find time for good works. He picks up garbage on the street after Z's closes and before it opens in the morning. He takes out his neighbor's garbage. He gives discounts to Children's Hospital employees and to parents of patients. Kids get free candy ("As a kid, I loved that gum shaped like little hot dogs, so I got the kids a little Swedish candy shaped like a fish"). And when one of his employees recently had an automobile accident, Zells bought him a recliner.
There are no tables at Z's, but customers can sit by the window on high stools, watching life drift by, surrounded by the collection of fish tchotchkes Zells has gathered from thrift stores and prop houses. On Fridays they can also chat with Farrow, who, when he isn't working at Z's, relaxes at home and does yard work. His wife of 55 years, Bessie, died two and a half years ago. "She was my right arm, my wife, my friend, my companion, my everything," he says. He smiles, thinking of his wife, then turns to talking about Zells. "He has a heart in him. He doesn't have to give me a job. He's really a wonderful man."
"He's my icon," Zells says of Farrow. "He's been in fish for longer than I've been around."
Z's Fish & Shrimp is at 2273 N. Lincoln, 773-525-6000.
Art accompanying story in printed newspaper (not available in this archive): photo/Cynthia Howe.Posted by Michaelson from em12_686.utsi.edu on June 29, 1998 at 18:10:40:
In Reply to: Re: Hold the phone and pass the popcorn....where's that book?.... posted by Hank Awland Jr on June 29, 1998 at 16:56:57:
: :
: : : :
: : : :
: : : : Ok, still, i remember seeing them too when i was younger, and although they have a tinge of lightness and very forced comic sequences, i still became woozy--even as a kid--at the awful performances and hammered effects. i don't recall them marketed as comedies, or even parodies (they're in Action/Adventure at my local video store), but i can see anyone involved not wanting to publicly act serious about these films for fear of looking lame. sharon stone won't even talk about them. besides, king solomon's mines was supposed to be a remake (yeah, way to go). don't ask me what happened. it's like half-way through they realized they couldn't pull it off and had to ham it up. i'm not opposed to indy-genre films or even parodies, but dude, parodies are cheesey, not moldy!
: : : : i did like chuck norris' firewalker though, and that was campy!
: : : : --nitzsche
: : : Totally agree about Firewalker. That was a story trying to be serious, and it really didn't work for me. As to the other two, everything was forced if you look at the results. But they were summer movies, the infamous "chewing gum for the mind" type of affairs, and should be treated as such. They were never intended to be taken seriously, according to the creators of the series. Regards. Michaelson
: : :::In defense(i can't believe it myself!!) of the two A.Q. movies, both did follow (very loosely I might add) major plot points in H Rider Haggard's novels. The second novel, like the second film, did actually have a 'chase' through an underground river of sorts. Yeah they were blatant rip-offs, but everybody was doing it. Tales of the Gold Monkey. Bring 'em back alive. Remember them? they were my favorite shows at the time. Both cashed in on the exotica-age brought on by Raiders. And isn't imitation the most sincere form of flattery?
: : By the way, I just got the hardcover editions of H.Rider Haggard's novels She, King Solomon's Mines, and Allan Quatermain. All are excellent reading and much better than the movies. My favorite books, to be sure.
: : Once again, you've got your finger on the pulse, Michaelson!
: : Dave
: In my modest opinion, even though the postings are turning to different threads here, if ever anyone sees the names "Golan and Globus" on a film, even if big name actors like Chamberlain, Stone (although when KSM was made, she hadn't been naked enough to propel her stardom), and Rhys-Davis show up, you can be sure it's a cheaply made flick. If golan and globus were making cars, they would use a Yugo factory, Russian technicians, workers on holiday from sweatshops owned by Kathy Lee Gifford, and put Cadillac, Camaro, Porsche, Rolls Royce, whatever cars float your fancy, on the outside, and make you think you'd seen a good movie. I suggest before seeing ANY Golan/Globus movie (especially if one has dined on stout fare like Raiders for a long time, which is so excellent on so many levels), one must become nearly as innebriated as the Jones character in the Cairo bar after Marion's "demise." Humble opinion, submitted.
True, but you've got to accept the wheat with the chaff. The chaff is an art in itself. Little art involved, yes, but something to look at between the releases of what we REALLY want to watch. Regards. Michaelson
Follow Ups:An essential part of our mission at Meeting House School is to make our program affordable for all families. We offer scholarships, work in partnership with Windham Childcare to provide subsidies to working families, qualify for Act 166 tuition rebates, and are dedicated to keeping our tuition low so that all children can attend. Our tuition rates for the 2016-2017 school year are:
Full Tuition, Non-Collaborative MONTHLY TUITION, Mon-Thurs 8:30-12:30
Four Days/Week $510
Three Days/Week $430
Tuition with Act 166/COLLABORATIVE REDUCTION: (If your child will be 3 before September 1st, YOU ARE ELIGIBLE FOR THIS REDUCTION, regardless of your town of residence. See details below.)
Four Days/Week $166.44
Three Days/Week $86.44
Aftercare tuition is in addition to these rates. Please contact our director for aftercare rate details.
ACT 166/COLLABORATIVE FUNDING TUITION REDUCTION:
Children in Vermont who are 3 years old before September 1st are eligible for collaborative ( Act 166) funding. This is state-mandated and town-funded support for families to pay for early education. If you live in Marlboro, Brattleboro, Guilford, Vernon, Halifax, Wilmington, or any other surrounding town, and your child will turn 3 before September 1sT, you are eligible for this reduced tuition. Please contact our director, Patti Donnelly, or your town’s public school, to find out how to receive these funds.
SCHOLARSHIPS:
We are dedicated to making the Meeting House School affordable for all families. State subsidies, work scholarships and financial assistance are available.Title Dan Gertsman Building, 1947 Date 1947/07/23 Description Dan Gertsman clothing company, located at 2202 Broadway in Santa Monica. The sign next to the door reads: "Dan Gertsman | California". Dan Gertsman was a prominent women's clothing designer and manufacturer in the 1940s and 1950s. One of his garments appeared in a 1953 issue of Glamour Magazine. A 1946 issue of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette referred to him as, "Dan Gertsman, Famous California Designer". The building's bowstring truss roof is visible above the single story building. A man to the far right pulls a large can on a dolly from the alley to the sidewalk. Collection Bill Beebe Collection Catalog Number 3.2.5473 Object Name Negative, Film People Gertsman, Dan Search Terms African American Bow string truss building Building Business Dan Gertsman, California Fashion Industrial building Streetview Year Range from 1947 Year Range to 1947My Nonprofit Reviews
Michael110
Review for Givology, Philadelphia, PA, USA...As a physical therapist, I have the opportunity to work with individuals who suffer with chronic disease, cardiovascular conditions, neurological disorders, and of course, my specialty: musculoskeletal and orthopaedic conditions. A person’s rehabilitation process can be highly variable even within those who are recovering from the same type of injury. While most of my post rehabilitation clients have been able to move forward and live successful lives, there are other clients who took significantly longer to heal. Unfortunately, there are some who were never able to recover to any significant degree.
The reasons why a person may not recover are vast and complicated. However, I have identified six categories of common reasons why a person will not fully heal and recover or take an extended time.
6 Categories of Common Reasons Why You Won’t Heal:
- You’re getting the wrong treatment for your condition.
- The injury or condition isn’t capable of healing.
- Physiological and social conditions are affecting your healing.
- Poor nutrition.
- Poor sleep quality.
- The risk factors and causative factors that led to the disease and injury are still present and affecting the current condition.
In Part 1, treatment for the condition is addressed. In subsequent posts, I will cover the other categories in addition to providing you with methods and strategies for recovery to insure that you will heal and recover and/or effectively be able to manage your injury or medical condition.
You’re Getting the Wrong Treatment for Your Condition:
Sadly in today’s health care environment, it’s not uncommon for individuals to get the wrong treatment for his/her condition and/or inappropriate care which can affect the recovery process. As a physical therapist, I continue to see countless examples of individuals getting wrong and/or ineffective treatments to manage a particular injury or medical condition.
Sometimes this is deliberate as part of some newest and greatest product scam that is touted as curing this or that condition, but most of the time, it’s done inadvertently. This problem isn’t just in one medical profession. It’s throughout the entire healthcare system.
The following three examples illustrate what happened to some of my prior physical therapy clients. Unfortunately, this list could be very long if I included every example I have witnessed.
Example 1: Total Hip Replacement
The client presents with apparent hip and leg pain. The client has undergone a total hip replacement in an effort to eliminate the pain only to have it still be present. Upon further examination, the cause of the hip and leg pain was an undiagnosed lumbar spine injury. Once the lumbar injury was managed appropriately, the pain in the hip and leg resolved. Although the client had arthritis and deterioration in the hip to justify the hip replacement, it wasn’t the real cause of the pain. In this case, the client never needed the hip replacement in the first place.
Example 2: Low Back Pain
The client complains of ongoing low back pain (LBP). Although there are many reasons why one may experience LBP, the pain is of mechanical origin in the majority of cases. This means that something in the musculoskeletal system is the pain generator. The client should be able to establish movement patterns that can help to determine if the pain is improving or worsening. This directional preference helps me as a physical therapist to guide treatment decisions.
Extending the spine makes the pain improve, but the client’s previous physical therapist has him performing primarily flexion (bending forward) exercises as part of the rehabilitation protocol. This treatment is not only ineffective, but it significantly slows the healing response as the client continued to aggravate the injury by moving repeatedly in the wrong direction. Upon stopping the flexion based exercises, the client’s LBP improved and fairly quickly went away.
Example 3: Chronic Headaches
The client sees a neurologist for assistance managing what appears to be a case of chronic migraine headaches. The client is given prescription medications which are taken on a regular basis in order to help manage the migraines. Although the medication helps to reduce the length of time of suffering, the client continues to experience migraines on a regular basis. The treatment may not be wrong, but it certainly isn’t overly effective. Worse yet, there is the potential for multiple side effects from taking the medication.
In this particular case, the client had a cervical alignment issue which caused mechanical neck pain that would trigger a migraine. Together, we were able to correct the alignment issue, and more importantly, fix the chronic poor sitting posture that lead to the alignment issue. This eliminated the headaches completely and the need for the migraine medication.
I tell these stories from past clients to illustrate the point that wrong and/or ineffective treatments can lead to a significantly longer than necessary recovery time. These clients were fortunate because the true cause for the pain was identified and recovery occurred.
There are a countless number of people who continue to suffer with an incorrect or ineffective treatment therapies. The key to successfully rehabilitating and recovering from a condition is to direct the right treatment plan for the condition. This includes how the actual injury or condition is being handled as well as addressing other risk factors or precipitating factors that directly affect the condition.
How to Identify an Incorrect or Ineffective Treatment Therapy:
- You aren’t experiencing any relief in pain or symptoms from the treatment.
- Your symptoms continue to worsen.
- You have been using the same treatment for weeks or months without resolution. In the case of chronic disease, management of the condition hasn’t been effective.
- The treatment and why it’s effective cannot be logically explained.
- You haven’t been given any tools or education on how you to help improve or manage the condition, the rehabilitation or disease process, and its symptoms.
- You are told that there are no other options.
If you are unsure whether or not the treatment you are receiving for your condition is helping, then it’s up to you to be proactive and seek a second opinion. Although you should be cautious in researching for medical information online, there are reputable websites that can help to educate you about symptoms and possible causes for your condition.
If you suspect that your treatment course is incorrect, discuss your concerns with your medical provider. Don’t be afraid to seek a second (or even third opinion) if necessary. There are many options, and help is available. Don’t give up!
Have you experienced an incorrect treatment or ineffective medical treatment before? What did you do in order to resolve it?!An actress? hmm, of course whenever i thought of one, the name Emma Watson will immediately come to mind. the name brings a lot of memories to my mind every time i hears it. She's the same age as me but she achieved success in a very young age. i respect her. really i do. even tough she's an actress, she's smart, very level-headed to say the least and she's not really your typical type of actress gone to rehab type. she's not like Lyndsay, or Britney, or any other young Hollywood stars who had lost their way in what is wrong and what is right. virtues are so hard to come by in a young actress these days.
sure, we have the oh-so-innocent looking actresses in Disney or any other children production, but whenever they wanna shed the Disney kid's look, they would go the extreme. they would be making a really matured video wearing revealing clothes that are really revealing just to say or show to the world that they are indeed an adult or matured enough. that is just shallow. you could always show or prove to the world that you are matured or and adult by showing your intelligence, your virtues, and your natural beauty to say the least.
no matter if you are a rich heiress, a daughter of a very famous rock star, or a daughter to a carpenter, you are the same. A girl. A woman. no need to scantily clad in a piece of a scrap u called dress. if u possessed a natural beauty, whatever u wear -an overall, an ancient dress from ur great-grandmother or something hideous- will show ur true beauty. if u only dressed to kill. literally to kill a man's heart, why not opt to a more logical approach? challenge his intellect. u should know that u have a ground to stand to. do not let anybody control you. do not let the view of the public to control it. u have ur own life. ur life is ur territory. hmm. mayB i should stop 4 now. how about i share with u my most treasured autograph of Emma Watson? i received it during my studies in MJSC. i love it.
The Transition Movement is a global grassroots network of communities that are working to raise awareness of sustainable living & transition the community away from fossil fuels by building local resilience.
Projects are community-envisioned, community-designed & community-implemented. The term ‘community’ may refer to local institutions, towns, neighbourhoods, organizations, or other group of people working towards a common intention.
Go to the Projects menu at the top bar to see what community projects are under way.
What other projects interest you? Click here for a partial list of ideas underway in other Transition communities.
Let us know how you'd like to get involved! We look forward to meeting you..
Long-term Spawning in ARIS
I began this game after a conversation with Phil on the arisgames list about how spawning really works in ARIS based questions from play tests of Los Duendes (a game inspired by Truchas by Earl Shank and Anthony Thompson, play it too). It was clear that it was possible to make games where spawning intervals spanned really large timeframes. But how would this work in practice?
Here’s the spawning settings for my Golden Goose:
The important parts are that I’m spawning 1 goose total (not per player) every 10,000 seconds, and that that goose will disappear once viewed. I began with 6 hours between spawns, but that felt too long.
BTW – The goose is a plaque that hands out an item (Golden Egg). Never use items directly.
Franchising the Leaderboard
Why have a game where you collect points when no one else can see those points? In Rupee Collector, there is a leaderboard based on a reskinning of the web backpack. Toussaint Minett put it together for me at our game jam last August using some basic Javascript, HTML, and CSS hosted on an ARIS server. That’s all well and fine for Rupee Collector, but what about other games? None of our other authors would be able to make something like that for their games, nor could I replicate the effort for another game. Well, I wanted to see if I could.
For Golden Goose, I got ahold of Toussaint’s work, poked around in the files for the relevant calls, and was able to get it working, hosted in my dropbox public folder. Total hack, but it works!
The Golden Goose Leaderboard
This is still a couple of steps away from making it easy for others to follow this lead, but it is a significant step and really only took me about an hour to get up and looking nice. The work is in making it easily parseable for others so they don’t have to repeat my troubleshooting process. I think this also points the way toward more involved multiplayer ARIS games. If we can display other players’ stats to you as a player, we’re only a few steps away from being able to have that information directly affect the game world itself.
Dynamics of Global Competitive Play
What would happen if you made an ARIS game the whole world could play together? We’ve talked about this a lot, usually along the lines of diffuse data gathering activities, or worldwide scavenger hunts. The problem is that the ideas that come up in this vein are usually pretty grandiose. They tend to only succeed when a lot of players do a lot of work. I wanted to engage with this idea, to get it off the ground with something simpler. Competitive play, comparison of a single variable, along with the super-simple activity of simply logging in to play felt like enough to attract the idle curiosity of players far and wide.
Before launching the game, I shared the game with a few friends and students to test it out. If you read the screenshot of the leaderboard above, you’ll know that something interesting happened. One player decided he wanted to win big time. Gabe both played often enough to be able to usually ice out anyone else from being able to get eggs and found exploits in the timing of ARIS’s delete when viewed function to quickly get to 500 eggs. This is the default max of item in ARIS, something I hadn’t changed because I thought “This game is hard, 500 is a long way off”. The max eggs didn’t stop him from long though. He just made another account and started playing from there.
So, before even launching, I feel like I learned a lot about how my ideal rules for the game actually might work out in practice. There are a lot of possible fixes. I think the one that appeals most to me is to have the game function more like “The World vs. Gabe” by finding a way to sum across all the other player accounts when rendering the leaderboard.
Micro-attention Gameplay
The comparison with Cow Clicker is made because in some sense, the aim of Golden Goose is to get a large number of people logging into the same ARIS game of their own volition, and beyond that aim there isn’t a whole lot. The idea is part satire and part predatory business strategy. And though I don’t have any microtransactions in Golden Goose, I am curious if it will be successful in this respect. I wonder too if seeing Gabe’s scores will have the effect of turning people on or off, if it will seem too daunting or whether it will kindle their competitive instincts. Already, I’ve got a bit of evidence of both. Here’s a text I received from Breanne Litts after a frustrated week of trying to get eggs.
Hi Chris, did you wind up posting the code behind the leaderboard somewhere publicly accessible? I’d love to try implementing it in one of my games.
I put it in my dropbox public folder. There’s supposed o be a way to host code from google drive too, but I haven’t had the chance to try and work it out yet.
ARIS 2 created a lot of changes for how to do a leaderboard, but I’ve adapted and have a tutorial ready:
Pingback: Algorithmic AR – Part 2 | Local games lab ABQ
Pingback: Introduction to ARISjs – Leaderboards in ARIS 2 | Local games lab ABQNow that be a fine turnip! .. Oh wait that’s just one of the many massive weeds I’ve been pulling today. I’m pretty sure the little 5m squared patch of grass actually has more weeds than grass! But hey the more weeds there are the more I get to pluck out (it’s oddly satisfying with the right tool) plus a big change can be more fun… Just might not be anything green left on my cousins lawn once I’m finished that’s all..
For more #365JosHappyDays click here!
AdvertisementsOld age is a very serious disease that can be cured with conservative methods
Within the whole of its history, mankind is pondering over a problem that is topical in all epochs. Can old age be defeated and how if possible? More and more scientists now say they have neared creation of a remedy to defeat death. Candidate of historical sciences Lyudmila Orekhova, senior research assistant with the State Historical Museum says that mankind's struggle against death has lasted for many years. Antique scientists and medieval alchemists, doctors and sorcerers, kings and men of the common people sought for eternal life. In Ancient Rome, spectators rushed to the arena as soon as gladiators' fights were over to wash with the blood of the defeated. Drinking of blood of new-born babies was considered a more radical method to get immortal. There are many "secret" longevity formulas developed in different centuries, some of them are over 4,000 years old. For example, it was believed in the old times that a man should dry up 600 spiders, 300 bats and 99 toads, pound them, make a drink of the mixture and drink it on a fool moon night. At that, it was very important that toads must be 100 years old. The recipe said that if a man woke up alive next morning after drinking the beverage, he was promised a long unclouded life. The formula allowed drinking the beverage several times, but each time the number of disgusting creatures required for grinding increased three times.
An old Persian manuscript recommended the following method: "To become immortal, take a red-haired freckled man and feed him with fruit until he reaches the age of 30. Then put him into a brass vessel filled with honey and herbs, bind the vessel with gold hoops and seal hermetically." The author of the manuscript says that the body of the freckled man will turn into a mummy in 120 years. It was recommended to eat the contents of the vessel in small portions every day, which was said to be a guarantee to prolong the life for 300-500 years.
Nowadays, mankind is preoccupied with the idea of immortality not less than people used to be in the old times. In the early 1920s, specialists who were called juvenologists tried to prolong men's youth and implanted genital glands of macaque to them. Swedish scientist Peter Niegans suggested injecting serum made of a new-born fallow-deer's tissues. Gerontologists from Moscow's 2nd Medical Institute held an experiment in 1975 that made the life of test mice last twice as long with the help of queen bee's milk. However, neither those methods nor autotransfusion (re-infusion of blood shed from surgery or trauma) produced any sensational results. It seemed at that time that old age was invincible. However, more sensations concerning life prolongation have emerged at the threshold of the century.
American Doctors of Medicine Write and Shown from the University of Cleveland declared two years ago that they had discovered clockwork responsible for life and death on the cell level. The Discovery popular scientific magazine reported that the scientists had discovered a ferment called telomeraza that could make human cells never stop the division and constantly rejuvenate. It was said that if telomeraza was synthesized artificially, human life could last endlessly. Unfortunately, the sensation failed in several months: "ever young" test mice fell ill with cancer in 2-3 months and died.
Doctor of biological science Alexander Dubrov, the leading research assistant from the Institute of Ecology and Evolution Problems of Russia's Academy of Sciences explains: "Hormones became the next step on the way toward longevity. They strengthen bones and muscles, smooth the skin; others, melatonin for example, prolong the life cycles."
Italian biologists held a number of experiments with mice that became slenderer and livelier as a result of the experiment. But the test mice died in half a year. At that very moment, Russian scientists came up to the scene. Doctor of Biology Sciences Lyudmila Obukhova from the Biochemical Physics Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences says that at the beginning of the year some colleagues of hers have managed to find immortal cells of the conjunctive tissue; this may prolong the human life at least 2-3 times in the future. Unlike western scientists, Russian specialists stake on antioxidants, the substance reducing the activity of oxidation processes in the human body. They are the main cause of ageing. It is too early to speak about any results of experiments held in this connection: experiments on mice and rats were started just several months ago. But Lyudmila Obukhova says that scientists are nevertheless full of optimism.
It would take much space and time to speak about all methods declared as effective against ageing. Scientists from the Siberian department of Russia's Academy of Sciences offered to bomb the human organism with artificially synthesized macrofag cells, those ones that are responsible for renovation of cells. Doesn't it make more sense to save not the body but human brain and information it contains? It is this information that determines people's personality. Attempts to immortalize a personality by placing of "intellect" into special reservoirs are carried out in the Brain Institute of Russia's Academy of Sciences.
Recently, famous neurosurgeon Professor Gerhard von Klike published results of his talks with competent scientists and pronounced a death sentence to death. In his words, old age is a serious disease that can be cured with conservative methods. Intervention into the human genetic apparatus will soon allow prolonging the life limits considerably. The next generation, he says, may expect to live 150-160 years of normal life, and their descendants may live even 1.5-2 times longer. According to the estimates of the British Future Foundation Director, Biology Professor Anthony Grayham, "the pension age of people will be 80-90 years in 30-35 years; after that, people will have about 60 years of active life more." He says that the life chronology will seriously change: people will be able to get not 1-2 educations, but 5-6 ones within their lifetime; he says it will be possible to change workplaces every two or three years; marriages will be possible every 5-6 years. On the whole, scientists say that the institution of marriage will gradually become obsolete: they say that people of the future will prefer to freely cohabitate with each other which will allow them to change lovers in all ages, 40 or 70. Scientists admit it will be possible on condition that people will be forever young. Children will come to this world only as a result of artificial insemination. But is it the longevity we have been dreaming of?
Natalia LeskovaDay 38: Wednesday 10th June
Mulhouse – Mohlin (74km)
We had a late start but enjoyed fresh tarmac on the EV6 trail… while it lasted. We ended up making our way along increasingly dire tracks until we arrived at a rubbish dump. Very lucky not to puncture tyres as we rode over screeds of broken glass.
Leaving the rubbish dump we turned south along the azure water of the Rhone am Rhine canal. Most canals have been a dark shade of brown but this looked almost inviting for a dip.
After riding south for a while we found ourselves in Basel and at the end of our EV6 maps. We crossed the Rhine into Germany and a few minutes later crossed a second border into Switzerland. Border crossing is easy these days but we were surprised even Switzerland didn’t have any controls on its borders; just a faded building marked the edge of the country.
Basel was an interesting mix of old, new and industry. The old town towards the east looked intriguing but by that stage we had seen enough cityscape and were keen to explore the route ahead.
The EV6 trail was well signposted, but took a long and hilly route out of the city. It became apparent we were being taken on a detour to a Roman Museum. This was great if you were expecting it, but frustrating if you are simply trying to exit the city to find a campsite and rest tired legs. Not knowing the route of the EV6 we were reluctant to deviate, should we lose the trail for several days.
Mohlin had a suitable campsite. A mix of the good (pool next door), the bad (waste water treatment plant also next door), and the ugly (old shower block that had been renovated on the inside only). The campsite was on the south of the river and therefore in Switzerland however they were happy to accept Euros.
Day 39: Thursday 11th June
Mohlin – Lienheim (67km)
Heavy rain overnight. We took the advice of the campsite owner (avoid Swiss gravel forest trail) and backtracked slightly to cross onto the north of the Rhine at one of many hydro stations on the river to the German side. The asphalt trail then led us east to Bad Sackingen and the world’s largest covered wooden bridge.
A massive cafe meal had us primed for an afternoon riding and we enjoyed visiting several beautiful towns on the Rhine.
Our planned campsite at Waldshut looked nice but full of energy we pushed east to a small camp on the north of the Rhine. All the shops were shut for a public holiday so we gladly tucked into some E3.50 wienerli and enjoyed a couple of 500ml beers at E2 a piece.
Day 40: Friday 12th June
Lienheim – Markelfingen (105km)
Also staying at the campsite were a couple of German cycle tourists. We hadn’t seen many other cyclists camping so tried to get some tips on the route ahead. Their English was worse than our German so after some waving and map pointing we gave up on making friends and headed on our way. The sun was shining so we were gone by about 8am.
We grabbed a picnic lunch at Hohentengen and then backtracked to cross the Rhine at Kaiserstuhl. Here we re-joined the EV6 trail east along the southern (Swiss) side of the river. We paused at a stunning bend in the river where a tributary joins. When the kids there on school camp started to throw rocks at the swans we decided it was time to move on. The incline out of the valley was steep and long.
Hilly roads took us east to the Rhine falls. We had previously visited back in 2006 and thought we would take another peek. It’s a fairly impressive phenomenon being the biggest waterfall on the Rhine. The Rhine falls are not very tall but the sheer volume of water is impressive – think Huka Falls and multiply by 10.
After the Rhinefalls we negotiated 20% inclines on gravel trails to the east. We crossed the river to the north side just before Schaffhausen, passed through some stunning little towns and arrived at Stein am Rhine, where the Bodensee becomes the Rhine. Stein am Rhine was awesome. The main square was back from the river and packed full of cyclists. Artworks painted on the buildings added to the atmosphere.
Riding on over rolling countryside we followed the shores of the lake to the north. We stopped to munch on more ill-gotten cherries and picked up fresh fruit and veggies from a roadside stall. Our planned campsite was closed, only the mini-golf remaining, so we continued east to Markelfingen where we found a lakeside camp spot full of German holidaymakers on a Friday night.
Day 41: Saturday 13th June
Markelfingen (6km)
The blazing sun and a crystal clear lake made the decision to stay easy. Susan spent the morning spotting trout in a nearby stream.
At lunch we biked to a supermarket and overstocked as usual – its feast or famine on a cycle touring adventure. A cyclist was hit by a car at the supermarket intersection minutes before we arrived. Police and ambulance were already on the scene and a chopper arrived about 15min later and landed in the intersection. It was a good reminder to have rest days as concentration does lapse after hours of riding, day after day.
The afternoon was spent swimming, sunbathing and sucking back on some great local beer (Markel….) at 35c per 500ml bottle.Easter Eggs
Easter Eggs
You'll Need
paper towel,permanent marker,washable markers,paint brushes,waterDraw an egg shape on the paper towel with a permanent marker. (The heavier the paper towel, the better) Have children draw on the egg pattern with the washable markers. They can draw designs or scribble. Then, have the children dip a paint brushes in a bowl of water. (The sponge brushes work best) Have them "paint" their paper towel eggs with the water and watch the colors run together. Don't let them use too much water! Lay them out on a rack to dry. When dry, cut out the egg pattern. If desired, add some glitter and mount to a piece of construction paper. Have fun!
Note: You can also use food coloring or water color paints for this!The sudden burst of a reality you never considered,
Can be more disorienting than the realities you formed in your mind.
Could you be repeating past mistakes?
To elude your senses from admitting the foolishness?
When you opened yourself to your worth,
Where you merely holding a picture frame in front of your eyes,
Believing that this fantasy was your reality?
Or was it an honest reflection of true intention?
That’s what happens when your world is so suddenly altered,
You are forced into this new phase of reevaluation.
And you must now face this tedious time,
That brings nothing but doubt,
Doubt in your our own process,
Doubt in your own vision,
In essence doubt in yourself,
This doubt brings with it unhappiness,
Unhappiness in your soul,
Unhappiness in your heart,
Unhappiness with your self-worth,
And that unhappiness brings fear and struggle,
The fear of feeling weak and complacent,
Struggling not to bottle up all that ways so heavy on your shoulders,
And letting out your dismay,
Without fear of judgment and irritation of on looking eyes.
Weather this alteration is truth
With regards to your situation
Know that your expectation of someone else to bring you your happiness is not only illogical and impractical,
But selfish and foolish,
Take your happiness in your own hands,
Were it is meant to be,
Hold it close and let it shine,
Because you should be the source of your own happiness.
One thought on “Untitled”
It’s been a while….. welcome back!!. that’s a true story, all part of the journey. I love it!!Finding the Best Chiropractic Services in Colombia
Choosing a chiropractor can be hectic especially if you have never tried it before but with some handy tips, you can get the right one. This process is made hectic by the fact that many chiropractors in Colombia claim to offer the best services, but that is not true because each one of them has a specialization. However, finding the right chiropractor can be cumbersome especially if you do not know how to go about it. Below is a guide on how you can find the most suitable chiropractor to attend to your needs.
Establish the type of chiropractor you want – As a lay person, you may not be aware of the types of chiropractors that are available, but at least you can identify the part of the body that is aching. Are you feeling pain in your neck, back, hip or your leg? If you have a back pain, then you must get a chiropractor who specializes in treating such pains.
Get a chiropractor close to you – In Colombia, there are many chiropractors, and there is no need of looking for a chiropractor based in a distant place. A nearby chiropractor gives you the attention that you need, and in cases where the pains are extreme, and you cannot move a long distance, he can come to treat you at your premises. In some cases, you might need routine procedures that might run for several days, and if the service is close to you, you will not need to spend heavily on the fare. It might be hectic and costly to travel a long distance in search of chiropractic services.
Research – Get more information about the chiropractors that you have identified around you. The internet can be quite helpful because the chiropractors have their profiles on their websites and you can access it. Websites reveal a lot of information which might include qualifications and experience. Make sure that your prospective chiropractors are qualified, licensed and experienced to perform their duties.
Seek an appointment with the chiropractors – All that people tell you, and you read from the websites are not enough to convince you. Alternatively, you have time; you can walk to the office and see the environment. It helps you to gauge whether the doctor is friendly and competent to handle your problems. Meet the doctor in his office so that you get the feel of the environment and also see the state of the equipment he uses for therapy.
Service rate – Chiropractic services are expensive and sometimes beyond the reach of many people. The service rates are varied depending on the chiropractor and service you want. Do not opt for low-cost service because it can be poor and not helpful. Some services might accept insurance policy covers, and that can be a relief to you if you have an insurance policy.
What Has Changed Recently With Wellness?
Getting Creative With Businesses AdviceSunday, October 26, 2014
Nights are hard.
Ohhhh you guys.
Whenever I realize that chemo is coming up, I feel such a heaviness... I try to push it out of my brain, but it's hard. It starts when I go, "Oh, crap. Chemo is in a week." As each day brings me closer to Chemo Day, I get more emotional. I briefly (I try not to, but it will sneak into my brain) picture the drive up to the doctor's office, the visit with the doctor, and walking into that room.
When I think of walking into that room, the taste of mango popsicles fills my mouth. And I get physically nauseated. (During my first two chemos, I sucked on mango popsicles during the administration of The Red Dragon - I have to keep my mouth cold to prevent mouth sores, which I end up getting about a week later anyways... Last time, I just couldn't suck on one. I asked for ice chunks to suck on instead.) I don't think I can ever have anything with a mango "taste" ever again, except for real live, fresh, wonderful mangos.
I realize that, the more chemos I receive, the longer it's taking me to recover from them. I'm getting more tired. My symptoms are lasting longer. I don't have the strength I did at first. And that frustrates me.
I hate having to walk into a room, knowing that poison will be invading my body in that room. That I'm voluntarily letting something into my body that is destroying not only any cancer particles, but also the healthy, vibrant parts of me.
It's like voluntarily walking into a room that you know will give you a violent flu bug. Who wants the violent flu? Every particle of you would want to run from that room as fast as your legs could carry you. Yet you have to walk in there and let the flu in.
I guess chemotherapy is taking its toll on me. Physically and mentally. I try so hard to stay chipper. I try to stay really busy. I try to focus on the positive. But at night, I cry a lot. I talk to Heavenly Father a lot. I tell Him how much I hate being away from my kids and husband. I tell Him how much I hate being bald. I tell Him how sore I am, how exhausted I am, how frustrated I am. I tell Him that it really sucks that I got this.
I'm mourning the life I used to have.
I'm trying to be brave, and I'm trying to stay strong. Cancer really is a fight. And though my physical symptoms are extremely frustrating, I think the hardest part is the mental part. I try to stay positive, and there are so many things to be positive about - I'm not going to die! I'm not terminal! All of this is temporary! But it would be disingenuous of me to pretend that I don't feel sad sometimes. Especially the week before chemo.
Sometimes I'm so overwhelmed with how much I lost, and in such a flash. My body is permanently disfigured. My arm will never feel the same, or be able to have the range of motion it once did. Sometimes I feel like a freak. Like Frankenstein Barbie. :) We lost the house we always dreamed of having. We lost our dog (seriously, I miss her so much). We have been separated for a really, really long time. Maybe it's going by in a flash for everyone else, but for me, time has crawled almost to a stop. It's hard.
I think even the week after chemo is less emotional than the week before. Once it's done, it's done, and I can cope with the effects and take solace in the fact that I have three weeks before subjecting myself to this again.
I guess my purpose in this post is, like the purpose of all of my posts, to be transparent. I don't want anyone to think that I don't struggle like everyone else does. I really hate blogs whose authors pretend that life is so perfect and that they have no hardships. I think denying life's struggles does a disservice to others. Because then the people who read these blogs, or Facebook posts, or whatever, think, "Wow, my life is so sucky compared to theirs. Why do I get all the trials when they don't?" The reality is, everyone has trials. All the time. There is no break. I can't think of any time in my life that I didn't have something going on that wasn't hard. Or the readers might think, "Why can't I be plucky like them? Why can't I be positive like them?"
Here's the thing. When I was diagnosed, I decided to be as positive as I could be. And mainly, it works. I really believe in the power of positive thinking. I believe in positive energy. I believe that forcing myself to focus on my blessings and on looking forward to the future will ensure my complete recovery from this beast.
I just want you to know that yes, I struggle, just like everyone else. But I also want you to see me trying my dangedest to see the beauty through the ashes. I want you to see me fighting hard to get through this. I want you to see me becoming a better person because of this. Because that's what trials are for. I'm going to emerge from this stronger. More empathetic. More patient. More grateful.
So, in that vein, let's focus on the positives:
Like I said before, I'm not terminal! I'm not going to die!
I only have to do six of these treatments, total. I've heard of some people having to do 12 or 16. I've heard that a lot of people, after the ninth treatment, say, "That's it. I'm done. I'd rather die." I won't ever have to get to that point.
I'm halfway done with chemo.
Having only Micah here is allowing me to spend really great, quality, one-on-one time with him. He needed this. He needed some focus just on him. Especially with his problems in reading. I have the luxury of going the extra mile with him. I make extra flash cards for sight words. We spend extra time having him practice writing his numbers facing the right way. We read longer than required. We fix assignments he didn't understand.
Gage has bloomed under my sister's careful care in Chicago. He's speaking so well. He's learning to ask for what he needs instead of physically acting out or screaming. He'll go to Oregon with a beautiful assessment and IEP in place so that he can get the help he truly needs.
Sadie and Dylan have really learned to step up to the plate. They're doing their homework without anyone having to remind them. They're doing their chores without complaint. I'm amazed.
My skin looks freakin' awesome. If any of you has acne, dude, all you have to do is undergo chemo. Some nights, I don't even wash my face. Because chemo also makes you not give a rat's about anything. Six months ago, I would never, ever have gone to bed without washing my face. Now? Well, let's just say that I don't wash it every single night. And guess what? My skin is as clear as can be. Not a blemish. Not a blackhead.
Guess who is starting to feel some hair re-growth? Me, that's 'oo. Spots that were as bare as a cue ball are starting to get a little bit of stubble. I heard this might happen - that hair growth might even begin before the final chemo. I do have to shave my head one more time - my friend Megs is going to take pretty bald pictures of me this week, and I don't want a five o'clock shadow. But after that? Let it grow, let it growwwww....
I might, might, might be able to get surgery on my foot before the end of the year. I've reached my maximum out-of-pocket, so it will be free. Because of how expensive it is to have cancer, I might be able to fix something that has been plaguing me for a year and a half!!! Can you imagine me walking without a limp? I can't.
It really is so luxurious only having one child to care for. I have more time to rest (which I need a lot of). I don't have to worry about feeding everyone or cleaning everything. I just have to worry about one kid, and when I feel too crappy, I can rest easy, knowing that my mom is taking care of him. I truly think this was a good decision, to go about my therapy in this way.
I'm so glad I have cancer in this day and age, rather than 20 years ago or 40 years ago. That I'm able to get implants to replace my breasts means so much to me. I'm so grateful that chemo treatments aren't as horrible as they used to be - that they're more individualized and more advanced. I'm grateful that cancer isn't necessarily always a death sentence like it used to be in times past.
I really love not having to wear a bra. I love not having to worry if it's cold outside and I don't have a jacket on to cover up. You girls know what I'm talking about. And you perverted boys also know what I'm talking about. I love being perky. I love that I'm a C now instead of a B. Seriously so much fun. I'm walking around going, "So this is what it's like to have more substantial boobs!"
It really is fun not having to do my hair. I miss having it, but I don't miss having to style it every day. I need to realize how great it is not having to deal with that. Though I will be grateful to get it back.
I don't have to shave my legs or my armpits. Awesooooome!
My eyelashes haven't disappeared! And I still have some of my eyebrows! I'm so grateful. Stay with me, eyelashes. Stay with me.
Heavenly Father has sent so many angels to me, in the form of friends, family, and even acquaintances, who have lifted and carried me through this ordeal. I'll never forget the love and care that you have all exhibited toward me. There are so many horrors in the world, but people like you guys make me realize that there is good in the world. That there is hope. That there is happiness.
So see? There are silver linings everywhere I look. I'm allowed to be sad and mad. But Heavenly Father is making my burdens lighter, and I will emerge from this a better Kar. Kar 2.0. :)
6 comments:
You are amazing. So amazing.
I love your guts!
Awww, Sweetie! Danget all! My heart just breaks for you. I don't know why you and your family were given this challenge, but I know that there are some major bonus blessings and mansions waiting for you. You are a rock and myThough this is "my project", since my son is benefiting from the end results I wanted his help getting some of the measurements and running some of the cable. I have my little carefully drawn geeky diagrams on how I want to set things up for now and where I will be changing them later as I am moving things into a room of my own I hope soon. (Of course I have been saying that for many years, but I really have done some work in fits and starts to move that process along. There is an untold story about avoiding certain kinds of change because it means completely and finally accepting something I have been resisting, but I am not sure I am ever going to tell it in detail on the blog.)
At any rate I intended to do all of that yesterday including going out to purchase the router and cable I need, then spending today setting up and configuring everything. Instead my son and his girlfriend went to the beach.
After being on the periphery of several minor (but testosterone laden) hassles today, I finally have the figures for what is needed for the hoped for - current setup, have ordered the router and cable lengths with connectors attached and everything will be here in the morning. I might even get a chance to start setting everything up before I leave for class. It turns out that if I want it quickly, Office Depot has the best price on the router I chose, and their cable prices are within pennies both lower and higher than other places. Click, click and I am done with a bonus of free shipping and delivery. I truly don't like parking in shopping centers and the hassles of standing in long lines to get what I need.
I hope I ordered the right Linksys Cable DSL router/gateway/switch. I notice now that there is one additional letter in the model number than the one I had been looking at everywhere else. It has an extra capability that I am not sure I needed or wanted. I am such a scatter brained person when I am interrupted sometimes.
Now that it is closer, I am really excited about having high speed internet access. It will be a touch disappointing if it is the wrong router or a huge hassle to set up.
Cork Board Ideas For Kitchen
September 4, 2017
9 Patio Umbrella
August 31, 2017
Bistro Square Table
August 22, 2017
Rustic Cabin Interiors
August 25, 2017
Table Top For Pool Table
August 28, 2017
Budget Countertops
August 24, 2017
Furniture Dedham Ma
August 26, 2017
Retro Office Desk
August 25, 2017
Double Showerhead
August 27, 2017
Kitchen Wall Hanging Ideas
August 28, 2017
Antique Sinks With Drainboards
August 31, 2017
Corner Patio Bench
September 1, 2017
Centerpieces For Table
August 31, 2017
Mobile Kitchen Islands With Seating
August 23, 2017
Granite Countertops Quincy Ma
August 28, 2017
Shower Stall Small Space
September 3, 2017
Bathroom Remodeling Orlando
August 24, 2017
Center Drain Bathtubs
August 31, 2017
Home Office Art
August 27, 2017
Oval Lace Tablecloth
August 20, 2017
Ceiling Lights Kitchen
September 2, 2017
Contemporary Office Desks
September 5, 2017
Thermasol Steam Shower Parts
September 2, 2017
Exposed Bulb Table Lamp
September 2, 2017
Lights In A Shower
September 3, 2017Battling City earn their point
West Bromwich Albion came to the Ricoh Arena as league leaders but were held to a goalless draw by a battling Coventry City on Saturday.
Neither side created much in the way of clear-cut chances but the Sky Blues will be happy to have eliminated the mistakes that have cost them dear in recent weeks.
Jack Cork and Isaac Osbourne gave their all in midfield while City's defence coped well, despite the early loss of goalkeeper Kieren Westwood.Dipesh Tiwari
Customer Relationship Management Academy of Asia is the abode for professionals working in the domain of CRM (Customer Relationship Management), CS (Customer Service) and CX (Customer Experience). CRMAA provides the indispensable resources, training programs and tools to transform the existing CRM and CX strategies by converting the global insights into reality through most advanced assessment tools, training and thought leadership. CRMAA enables the businesses to become totally customer-centric. Many major organizations are dependent on CRMAA for customer-growth, sustainable customer retention and improvement in organisational performance. We assist the organisations to develop a culture of providing superior customer service and also build strong customer relationships.
Membership at CRMAA
CRMAA encourages all the business leaders to join Customer Relationship Management Academy of Asia as a contributor and help as catalyst to develop the best practices and standards of CRM at national level in India. We believe that this network of our members, with their innovative brilliance and excellence, will create an ecosystem to strengthen the customer centric culture among the organisation. CRMAA wholeheartedly welcomes people who are passionate about synergizing the new dimensions of CRM as well as those who are willing to gain the efficiencies through shareable peer knowledge.
The Customer Officer Network (CON)TM of CRMAA provides a real time and dynamic knowledge sharing and learning platform as an important hallmark in the niche segment of Customer Relationship Management. CON unite and engage with the best brains, companies and brands, in order to formulate a comprehensive national and global CRM measurement and performance standards. The membership will also assist the individuals to become and evolve as an efficient Customer Relationship Manager and various professional development programme are designed to help them grow in their professional life.
CRMAA Certifications. Some of the biggest reasons companies fail to deliver on the promise of service excellence include common service problems such as:
1. Lack of a clear service strategy or adoption of industry best practices
2. Poorly defined processes that slow response and resolution times
3. A lack of training programs that each staff to set proper customer expectations
4. Insufficient measures of success to ensure organizational performance
5. Poorly established communications processes that leave customers in limbo
6. Inadequate technology infrastructure to enable efficient service delivery
CRMAA facilitates its members by introducing exclusive advanced level of business workshops and specially crafted training and certification programmes in collaboration with CX University, Loyalty Academy, Service Quality Institute, Service Strategies, Arizona State University and Customer Experience Academy. CRMAA is committed towards building an ever-expanding resource pool of experienced and skilled individuals from this domain and business area.
Source:PDF Sofware. Step 4.: then Click Signatures button located under this tab. I've spent two hours trying this same variation of fix. If you use IE, it will detect and refuse to install, again.
Thanks!!! This will elevate the permissions level for this instance of Outlook which will allow you to launch an advanced editor for editing your signature blocks. Click on the arrow button located just to the right of the Options button. I tried everything, changed to rich text and was able to add pics, but now I cant save them in the signature.
The object could not be foun Guest, Aug 14, 2007, in forum: Microsoft Outlook Discussion Replies: 5 Views: 446 Guest Aug 17, 2007 could not find an editor for H(.) files Generate code for Flick & insert slideshow into blogger. Thank you! I recently bought a new PC, running windows 7, and installed Office 2007 and Norton Internet Security.
There isn't a lot of information surrounding this issue, i was searching for ages for an answer, but ended up working it out myself. When I open Outlook for my mail I get a message box that pops up that is titled Microsoft... 55Chetter Microsoft Office support 1 02-10-2011 02:30 PM Problem with the coexistence Here is an example of one of my animated signature files: Thanks, Attached Files: Example2.png File size: 6 KB Views: 15 Last edited: Jun 8, 2016 Pedj, Jun 8, 2016 From IE, choose Tools--Internet Options--and click on the Programs tab. 2.
Proposed as answer by Marty74 Monday, March 29, 2010 11:00 AM Friday, March 26, 2010 4:21 PM 0 Sign in to vote Thanks for your instructions kariway. Now, change the HTML editor again--this time, back to Microsoft Word. Featured Post Looking for New Ways to Advertise? navigate to this website All rights reserved.
Vista music pictures video opening pst file in Outlook 2003 in vista crashes programI have just installed outlook 2003 in vista RC2 (build 5744). Labels Daily Dose (404) HOT (2) INFO (16) JOKES (46) TIPS (81) Windows 7 (9) Blog Archive ► 2016 (2) ► September (2) ► 2014 (6) ► October (1) ► September Thanks for your help Senad. 0 Write Comment First Name Please enter a first name Last Name Please enter a last name Email We will never share this with anyone. That means opening each sig manually from the folder and editing it.The other issue here is they are running Outlook 03 and office XP.
I have been trying for 2 days to fix my signature and your information did it! Am running Windows 7 and have Outlook 2003, but the same error message keeps cropping up. Thanks! Join the community of 500,000 technology professionals and ask your Same problem like everybody have here. Very frustrating! MS posted they fully support 2003 on Vista - well - let's see if that's true! Wednesday, August 22, 2007 9:11 PM 0 Sign in to vote This I had a similar problem, and found the link error was in the .rtf file and not the .html file.
but i found that that if i create a new signature... so the solution for all of you cursed with a similar problem is:1) disable smart tags2) create a signature in any format3) copy and manually edit the sig in EVERY format Close Microsoft Outlook. Step 8.: Now by default you will see a file of signature already created by you.
Previously I was able to have Word associated with these type files but I can;t remember hiw I did it. Tryry posted Oct 17, 2016 at 3:24 PM Show Recipient in Sent Items Folder. now all fine and i edit signature in frontpage after clicking advance editing.. thanks a ton..
It used to work, but all of a sudden something got... Similar Threads Cannot open Advanced Editor Outlook 2003 Signatures Tenacity, Mar 23, 2007, in forum: Microsoft Outlook Replies: 3 Views: 163 Brian Tillman Jun 8, 2007 Cannot open Advanced Editor Outlook Control Panel Network and Internet Programs Make a file type always open in a specific program Scroll down to .htm and click it Change program Under recommended programs choose Word Click I have Windows 7 so my steps were slightly different.
michel Friday, April 30, 2010 7:17 PM 1 Sign in to vote greenlinking.com wrote: Hi All I think I have worked out the way around this issue in Vista. When I try to create a "fancy signature" in outlook clicking by on advanced edit I get the following error Thread Tools Search this Thread 05-25-2011, 09:27 AM #1 Please join our friendly community by clicking the button below - it only takes a few seconds and is totally free. The cut n' paste workaround stated in earlier post works, but doesn't answer the base question as to why the Advanced editor no longer works.
RESULT - same error message -------------------------- SUGGESTION - In my case switch to e.g. Microsoft Outlook Home PageOfficial site from Microsoft OutlookCodeProgramming for Outlook Copyright MSOutlook.info 2007-2016. When I load the image in outlook it shows an image in the sig preview. Now when you press the Advanced Editor button when creating your signature, the error should be gone.
PC Review Home Newsgroups > Microsoft Outlook > Microsoft Outlook Discussion > Home Home Quick Links Search Forums Recent Posts Forums Forums Quick Links Search Forums Recent Posts Articles Articles Quick TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro check your signature in New Mail..
One of the most significant parts of every business is actually related to various
online activities. Modern technologies have not only created a way to conquer the
communication world but also, to make a better way for many companies to promote
their business, services and products. A high quality website creates a vital role
in the promotion of one’s business as well as in obtaining traffic. A well-designed
website can always acquire visitors and create a significant role in the success
of every business. If you want to have an excellent web design that can attract many
visitors, or you want to create an appealing website, you have to work with reliable
web designers. They will make sure that you will be able to establish a remarkable
presence online.
Home builders can always showcase their most wonderful construction projects and designs through creating refreshed look of websites that will match their interest and their tastes. A home builder web design is creating the best real estate website. They are making excellent systems to update your website fast and easy. Creating a highly professional home builder web design for developers all around the world creates a greater way for many business industries to expand their company and to promote their services. Creating web designs for many home builders do not only mean making high quality website designs, but it is also means marketing your website and your service. Many website designers understand what many costumers need that is why they are creating reliable web site designs based on the preference of many customers and their prospective buyers. Furthermore, a lot of web site designers are building web sites to promote the company’s brand and to introduce the public to their products and services.
Search engine optimization is one of the most important things to be considered for many home builders. Your prospective buyers must be able to identify your company for them to consider you. Web designs are highly important to obtain high rank on search engines. This will help you reach all your potential clients and customers. Many web designers are making excellent web designs with the use of the important principles in SEO.
Internet marketing is one of the most common and highly effective ways that most business owners have identified to promote their business. This is also something that every small and large business owner needs for their potential clients to know their existence. A positive and refreshed look of web design can actually help you acquire a large number of online visitors.
Most homebuyers are searching online for real estate properties that will match their home requirements. To be able to advertise real estate and what products can they offer, they need to have a well-developed web design to help their potential clients in finding the products that will suit their needs. Well-created web designs to represent the brand of every home builder are highly significant to market all your products and services that you are offering. Having a good web design for many home builders is highly significant to be able to showcase every home that they are offering.By Jennifer Coffey
Any Other Way: How Toronto Got Queer
Edited by Stephanie Chambers, Jane Farrow, Maureen FitzGerald, Ed Jackson, John Lorinc, Tim McCaskell, Rebecka Sheffield, Tatum Taylor and Rahim Thawer
Coach House Books
280 pp; $25.95
Ziggy Stardust is everywhere in the early 1970s, but dressing in drag is still illegal. And yet remnants of the trade are always in evidence. Muddy lipstick, smudged mascara, hollow cheekbones made even more hollow with small pots of creamy rose blush they share for economy.
They – a band of sexual outcasts – roll in from the Parkside and St. Charles taverns, no farther than three blocks from Fran’s at College and Yonge, and take up residence, occupying the carrot-orange leatherette booths in my section from midnight until dawn. The diner is their twenty-four-hour beacon, its garish fluorescence highlighting display-case pies and triple layer cakes, the puddings, and toppling bowls of colourful, whipped-cream Jell-O. The taunting aroma of fresh eggs, bacon, and hickory-smoked ham teases its way through wafts of freshly brewed coffee.
I am nineteen and new to the city, a Port Credit exile who has run from my mother’s sad and intransigent life in the Lakeshore Psychiatric Hospital. They show me a Polaroid snapshot of themselves. In it, all but one are thin and decked out in boas, fishnet stockings, and the shiny material my mother once loved. Makeshift costumes, provocative and sheer. They lean at longlegged angles in metal chairs and against high-back stools, earnest, fierce, dignified, their painted lips slightly parted. Their wigs remind me of movie stars – Gina Lollobrigida, Candice Bergen, Brigitte Bardot – and they are thrilled when I tell them so. Only one pair of eyes stares back into the camera, her gaze penetrating and sad, a jumble of questions and answers.
They like me, not only because I take care of their immediate needs and don’t complain, but perhaps because they see me as one of their tribe, an outsider living in a rooming house, adrift in a city rife with rejection. They call me ‘Girl’ and, looking past my tired orange-beige uniform and pantyhose, compliment me on my style. My pale face and coal-black hair prompt cries of ‘Morticia’ and ‘Sally Bowles.’
Weaving my way through the cigarette smoke, I worry about how I will pay my rent working the graveyard shift. Tips on toasted Danish and coffee are paltry, and refills are free. In any event, these after-hours diners don’t have much money.
But the girls offer me every other manner of sustenance, their advice wide-ranging and firm. How to stand upright in platform boots. Must-see movies (Blonde Cobra, Flaming Creatures, Funeral Parade of Roses, Something for Everyone, and The Boys in the Band, a sentimental favourite). The simplest and safest technique for unrolling a condom. The tidiest way to hand-roll a cigarette. How to turn on a lover. When to move on.
They tell me about their role model, their matriarch, Michelle DuBarry. In
their voices I hear a protective savagery. I listen to their stories of laneways and parks, the places where they go looking for men, not merely for sex but also for connection. The hot spots where they gather. Spadina Avenue, the Quest, the Manatee, Cherry Beach. They talk about chat, which I later discover is the Community Homophile Association of Toronto. I remember the acronym because I like to talk.
They share other stories, too – stories that cast shadows. I hear about Christmases and Thanksgivings, and sons who, if they are invited home at all, are advised to behave. They tell me about missed funerals of fathers and brothers and beloved grandmothers. About cruel lovers, and loving johns who hold them until dawn.
One night, a willowy young man named Jimmy comes in looking haunted. He has been battered in Queen’s Park. Two cops, he says, thrashed the shit out of him, but you can’t see the marks on account of the hoses. And then he laughs, and doesn’t stop laughing until everyone joins him, his eyes a milky blue, the tears barely visible as they cluster and slide down his face.
Every shift, I watch police on the beat stroll up to the cash to collect free cups of coffee and pastry, a guarantee of protection for the all-night restaurant. Here, the officers pay no mind to my section, either oblivious or intentional, much in the way most customers are blind to the occasional cockroach that scurries up the wall out by the kitchen.
During holiday season, and sometimes for no reason at all, I am bestowed with trinkets and treats – dangly earrings from a Yonge Street kiosk, a carton of Kent cigarettes, a packet of matches, its cover painted with dancing hula girls.
Once, on my birthday, they bought me a heavenly piece of Fran’s mile-high lemon meringue pie. And when they sing ‘Happy Birthday,’ they harmonize, their voices melodic and tender, their serenade followed by hugging and kissing.
I haven’t felt this loved since I last saw my mother.
Many memories endure from those long-ago night shifts. Hands clasped over mouths, aghast or in playful hysteria. Heads huddled together in conspiratorial whisper. Sugar dispensers turned upside down over half-empty coffee cups, contents pouring out at length for comic effect. Voices raised in debate, sometimes in anger or resignation, and always a coming together.
And I wonder – what became of them? Did they stay in the city? Who found love? After I had moved on, did they like the new waitress as much as they had liked me? Do they miss the old days? Who survived? Do they remember me in the way that I remember them?
The very last shift I worked at Fran’s was a cold one, the snow blowing and bereft. I had switched for an earlier time slot, a farewell drink waiting for me at the Demimonde Colonial Tavern, a new life in the offing in Fredericton, New Brunswick. I felt compelled to find relatives who barely knew me, longing to shake off a tumbleweed future. My shift ended well before midnight. As I walked out into the darkness, I heard their siren song call out from the restaurant radio.
‘Ground Control to Major Tom…’
Creating A Mission Statement
Phil Birch has developed a unique methodology that allows you to manage your resources and tasks in a co-ordinated business model.
We start at the very beginning with the MISSION STATEMENT
In the many, many meetings that I have had with business owners, entrepreneurs, managers, company boards, department heads and, just as importantly, those key individuals working in the operational activities of a business the issue that generated the widest spectrum of responses from participants was that of Mission Statements.
During the “fact-finding” phase of my consultancy projects I interview from all levels of the business not just with the key decision makers and directors. Their responses when questioned about their company mission statement is about as varied and unique as their fingerprints!
In short:
* “Mission statement? It’s one of those marketing things isn’t it?”
* “What’s that?”
* “Oh yes, my boss told us about that in the annual department review.”
* “Is that Tom Cruise’s latest film?”
You get the picture.
I have seen mission statements that read like the blueprints for Napolean’s march on Stalingrad (and proved to be as effective!) and those which seemed to have been scribbled hastility on the back of an envelope whilst waiting in the rain for a cab.
So, thought I,
*
* What is the point of a mission statement?
* How long should the mission statement be?
* What are the key elements that need to be expressed and what, if any, can be implied?
* Who should participate in it’s formulation?
* How relevant is it to the actual daily workings of a business?
* How, if at all, should it be communicated?
* Is there a way to construct an effective statement and how best to ensure that it is relevant to the business and, in my opinion more importantly, its staff?
* Should it be an internally constructed document or is it worth investing in savvy marketing and business agencies?
The following is typical of the statements I have come across and, for all you budding company lawyers out there, the names have been changed to protect the innocent!
Teddy Bears R US
Original statement:
“To be the best seller of teddy bears in the country”
Well, that’s straight-forward enough, you may say, clear, memorable and, assuming that they sell teddy bears, appropriate; but let me expand a little by breaking down the statement;
“To be” ….. well, so far so good. It states that the company is focussed on “becoming” something; a statement of intent on improving, or retaining their position in the teddy bear market. Ok – let’s move on.
“the best” ….. Well, not quite so good here – the best at what? Number of teddy bear sales?; the nicest to deal with?; the largest mark up?; the strongest brand?; the highest customer satisfaction results?; who measures and decides “the best”?; – you see my point?
“seller of teddy bears” … what type of teddy bear?; what if they want to branch out into other cuddly, furry animals?; what about what about product reliability/returns?; where is the after-sales service?
“in the country”. Fairly straightforward here you may think but does this mean the they will never sell abroad?; is “the country” England, the UK, Great Britain? And finally, over what period is the measurement going to take place? Over a sales year or on that 3rd Thursday in June last year, you remember, following the Great teddy bear plague of old London town.
So, whilst I have not exhausted all of the potential weaknesses in the statement I am sure that you see my point.
Now onto who should be aware of this mysterious mission statement? Is it just something on the management To Do List and tucked away in the board room with the original business plan and the pile of pens that came back from the printers with the wrong coloured logo?
In my opinion, whether you are writing a mission statement or a shopping list, if you aren’t going to use it, don’t bother writing it out in the first place. If it suits your business to slowly meander down the aisles browsing at the latest exotic products, picking something from here, something else from there and hoping that there is enough money in your purse to pay for it all when you are done then so be it; but I think we all know the folly of that method. In which case, let’s revisit the above statement so that I may present you with some alternative thoughts;
“To be ….” – all OK here for now so let’s move on.
… “the best” … – say’s who? It could be more specific. The number of items sold; the value of total sales; incorporate some customer satisfaction feedback; consider all aspects of the sale so that stakeholders, managers and staff all understand what and how they become “the best”.
… “seller of teddy bears” …. Maybe expand seller to include distribution, service and maintenance, industry measurements; product development; other products and supplementary/complimentary product revenues.
… “in the country”. This may be enough but the more specific the target market then the more easily achievements can be monitored, measured and communicated.
Next, who should be aware of the statement. Unfortunately, in the vast majority of companies I have worked with, the mission statement seemed to be something that senior management and company directors were aware of (although an embarrassing number could not accurately recite to me their own company statement word for word and some hardly even had the gyst of it!). The more I discussed the company mission statement with line and operational staff, the less there was any awareness and even less association of and with it.
It struck me then, and more so now, that the directors/board were missing a massive opportunity. That of not only being clear and precise about the direction, values and performance of their company but also that unless some, if not all, of the key measures incorporated into the mission statement were filtered down throughout the whole organisation then the chance of actually achieving the required results were greatly reduced.
Incorporating statement values into management objectives and staff targets, whether qualitative or quantitative, invariably improves results at an individual, departmental and company level.
I am pretty certain that Napolean did not stand upon a hilltop on the Russian border and recite his mission statement to the troops but maybe if he had done they would have given him direct and relevant feedback about the Russian winter, supply and logistics issues, ammunition supplies and the tactics of the opposition – all vital elements in a campaign to expand his unique “product” into an unknown but attractive new market.
Phil Birch
Business Editor
phil@the3rdi.co.ukI've updated the part about the on-screen hotspots in touch-screen mode, since it seems I missed the option to turn them off in the settings. Having them on as default, though, is indeed a great idea and helped considerably on the smaller screen.
Word of Adam | Voice123 Profile | AdamC3 on TwitterPAX East is all about the Indies
PAX East has come and gone and it was another great year in the books. This time, there was more of an Indie presence than a AAA presence at the show. Is this a bad thing? Not necessarily. Will this be the trend for other PAX’s as well? The Gamers Lounge had a blast at PAX and here are some of the highlights...
Indie games were observed and played. The Indie MegaBooth took a large amount of floor space this year and there were some great games. Some of the better games I played included Galax-Z from 17-Bit which is coming out for PS4 and Vita. I played this at PAX Prime last year and I really like the game mechanics, as well as the story. I would describe it as a fast paced asteroids-like Shump. At PAX East, the game looks and plays a lot a like I remembered, but the missions are now rogue-like, which means everytime you play a mission, they are randomly generated. The game looks and plays great. If gamers are interested in more information, here is a link.
Another great game was Aztez from Team Colorblind. I also played this at Prime last year. This a brutal, 2D action game. It’s in black and white with lots of blood, as gamers take on waves of enemies with combo attacks. This looks like a great game to keep an eye on.
Secret Ponchos by Switchblade Monkeys was another Indie game I had played before at Prime and I was eager to see it again. It is coming out to PS4 and it is a team-based, arena western game. They have added a new character that is focused on close combat. I prefer Phantom Poncho, who uses a shotgun. The game is fast paced and looks be in early access this summer.
I also checked out Grimm Bros Dragon Fin Soup. They recently had a successful kickstarter and as a result, had a playable demo of their game. I saw some of Hotline Miami and that game looks like its going to better than the original. If gamers haven’t played the original, they need to pick it up.
There were a few other games that really caught my eye at the Indie Booth. One of these was Strike Vector. This is a space flight simulation that features dogfights. I like that it is fast paced and gamers can choose their dual weapon and item loadouts. I highly recommend checking out the site.
Below, from Capy, was another game I played for a while. The music fit the game perfectly, as it seems to be the ideal dungeon crawler, which plays on the idea of being alone in a big world.
I played many other great indie games at PAX East: Catlateral Damage, Tiny Dice, Tower of Guns, BroForce, Drunken Robot Pornography, and the list goes on and on. If I had to choose an Indie game of the show, it might be Hotline Miami 2 or Galax-Z.
More information on all the Indie Games at PAX can be found here.Procurement and sourcing home page
This topic provides a list of the help topics and other resources that are available for Procurement and sourcing.
Procurement and sourcing covers all steps from identifying a need for product and services, through procuring the product, receipt, invoice, and processing payment with vendors. Procurement processes can be configured toward specific business needs by defining purchasing policies and workflows. For general information, see Procurement and sourcing overview. Additional resources are listed below.
Purchase requisitions
- Purchase requisition overview
- Create a requisition for consumption
- Create a requisition that uses an RFQ
- Set up permissions for ordering products on behalf of someone else
Requests for quotation
- Request for quotations
- Create a request for quotation
- Enter and compare RFQ bids and award contracts
- Create a scoring method for RFQs
- Create solicitation types and scoring criteria for RFQs
Vendor management and collaboration
- Setting up vendor accounts
- Create a vendor account
- Create a vendor bank account
- Approve vendors for specific products
- Vendor collaboration with external vendors
- Vendor collaboration with customers
- Manage vendor collaboration users
- Set up and maintain vendor collaboration
- Inbound consignment inventory demo script for Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Finance and Operations(white paper)
- Monitor consignment inventory using vendor collaboration
- Collaborating with vendors by using the Vendor portal (February 2016 and May 2016 versions of Dynamics AX only)
- Configuration of security for Vendor portal users (2016 and May 2016 versions of Finance and Operations only)
- Vendor collaboration mobile workspace for Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Finance and Operations app
Procurement product management
- Procurement catalogs
- Create a procurement catalog
- Importing vendor catalogs (blog post)
- Set up a procurement category hierarchy
- Set up policies for procurement category hierarchies
- Approve vendors for specific procurement categories
Procurement
- Purchase order overview
- Purchase order creation
- Purchase order approval and confirmation
- Create a purchase order
- Create a repeat purchase order
- Create a purchase order from a sales order
- Create a purchase order for a one-time supplier
- Create a purchase order with a delivery schedule
- Create a purchase return order
- Create a purchase release order from a purchase agreement
- Create a purchase release order when creating the purchase order
- Create a consignment replenishment order
Prices and discounts
- Purchase agreements
- Create a purchase agreement
- Vendor rebates (white paper)Dickinson: Burton are up there for a reason but Vale are buzzing
Port Vale captain Carl Dickinson says the side are “under no illusions” that they are in for a tough game against table-topping Burton.
Dickinson told the Sentinel: “They are there because they deserve to be there and we are under no illusions that it is going to be a really tough game for us. But I think if we can show the same attitude, commitment and desire we showed last week then hopefully we can get a good result.
I think if we can show the same attitude, commitment and desire we showed last week then hopefully we can get a good result…
“The lads are still buzzing from the weekend and it is about taking the positives from that game into Saturday. They are top of the league fighting to get promoted again and we are fighting to get onto the play offs. Hopefully it will be a good one.
“We are a good set of players. Sometimes we haven’t shown that as well as we could have this year, but I think overall everyone should be happy with how we have done. But it is not finished yet. We have to keep going until the last game and wherever we finish then is where we deserve to be.”Academic facilities that foster interaction
We help universities address the challenges of providing exceptional spaces for learning, teaching, gathering, and administration. Whether inspirational new construction or imaginative renewal of existing buildings, our creativity energizes students and faculty.
Our academic facility designs span a broad range of programs—from data-intensive informatics, media and admissions centers to specialized, discipline-specific learning spaces and general-purpose classrooms. The common thread in our work is the fostering of robust interactive communities of students, faculty, and staff. Our building designs make strong statements, expressive of program, while complementing their context.
Ronald Rettner Hall for Media Arts & Innovation
University of Rochester
Griffin Hall Center for Informatics
Northern Kentucky University
New Cabell Hall Renovation
University of Virginia
Roger Williams University
Yawkey Student Recreation Center
Emmanuel College
Administration Building Renovation
Emmanuel College
Wyant Athletic & Wellness Center
Case Western Reserve University
Welcome & Admissions Center at Roger H. Perry Hall
Champlain College
Burton Morgan Center for Entrepreneurship
Purdue University
Alan and Sherry Leventhal Center
Boston UniversityIn Mesa, Ariz., Brett Wallace, Jabari Blash and Collin Cowgill each hit a home run to lift the Padres to a 9-4 victory over the Cubs on Sunday before a sellout crowd of 15,411 at Sloan Park. In Las Vegas, Albert Almora went 3-for-4 with a home run and five RBIs to pace a 21-hit attack in leading the Cubs to a 22-4 victory over the Reds.
At the plate
Jason Heyward, under the microscope for his revamped stance and swing, showed his batting eye by drawing three walks. In Las Vegas, Anthony Rizzo led off the bottom of the first with a home run. Kyle Schwarber, playing in his third consecutive game, was lifted after drawing a walk in the first.
On the...Lighting and Electrical Equipment Manufacturers and Distributors
Mega SystemsClaim this company
Mega Systems, Inc., a family owned and operated producer of lighting, video, control and truss products for stages. Mega Systems, Inc. manufactures Mega-Lite, a leading producer of professional lighting fixtures for entertainment and architectural installations. The company makes LED stage lighting, architectural color changing fixtures and lighting control software, catering to the needs of theatres, schools and much more. Mega Systems, Inc. is the exclusive US distributor for PR Lighting intelligent lighting fixtures, Dicolor LED Displays and RGBlink video processors. Mega Systems, Inc. is also the manufacturer of PLUS TRUSS. They also partner with Biema to offer loudspeaker, line arrays, and other audio solutions. For all the gear needed to enhance any space or venue, rely on Mega Systems, Inc.
5718 Kenwick St. San Antonio, TX 78238
P: (866) 460-6342
Listed in: Rigging and Safety Equipment, Projection, Lighting and Electrical Equipment Manufacturers and Distributors, Audio Equipment Manufacturers and DistributorsSources: Jays, Granderson agree to 1-year deal
Free-agent center fielder Curtis Granderson is heading to the Toronto Blue Jays on a one-year, $5 million deal, sources confirmed to ESPN's Buster Olney.
Free-agent center fielder Curtis Granderson is heading to the Toronto Blue Jays on a one-year, $5 million deal, sources confirmed to ESPN's Buster Olney.
Wherever Christian Yelich plays this season, he's on a short list of players close to stardom. Who's ready to take a big step up in performance?
From top-flight starting rotations, bullpens and defenses to lineups that won't quit, there are only a handful of teams in it to win it in 2018.
All-Star pitcher Alex Wood agreed to a $6 million deal with the Dodgers, and catcher Yasmani Grandal settled at $7.9 million, among seven Los Angeles players agreeing to one-year contracts that avoid arbitration.
Don't let the romanticism of October and November baseball cloud your judgment: Are the World Series clubs really at the top of the pack?
Aaron Judge and Giancarlo Stanton put the Big in the Big Apple. Is it a clown question to ask if both rank ahead of Bryce Harper in right field?
A dynamic group of newly minted stars has risen to center field's elite, but can anyone challenge baseball's best player in the Age of Trout?
The best player in the game would have been a free agent had he not signed an extension in 2014. What if he were available this winter? Buckle your seat belts, baseball fans. Here's the sizzling hot stove we can now only dream of.
These young franchise shortstops have begun a rivalry that will last for years. But who's better?
Starting with guys such as Nolan Arenado and Kris Bryant, third is stocked with top performers, but they can't all be No. 1. And where's Manny Machado?
Where future Hall of Famers used to dominate, a younger group of power hitters has pushed its way into the ranks of baseball's best.
The pace of this offseason has been positively glacial. We examine the reasons so many free agents are still unsigned -- and make predictions for the coming thaw.
The Dodgers acquired left-handed reliever Scott Alexander from the Royals in a three-team trade that also included the White Sox. Veteran relievers Luis Avilan and Joakim Soria will go to Chicago in the deal.
Among several moves on Thursday, the Dodgers added ex-MLBer Mark Prior as their bullpen coach..
The pinstriped flamethrower fell from our fab-five firemen, but the Bombers still managed to pack the list this year.
There are fewer frontline starters than ever before, but the ones who still lord over the game are something special. So which one is No. 1?
Sean McVay and Dodgers manager Dave Roberts grew close over the past year as young leaders in the L.A. market. Roberts says McVay's "a lot like me.".
Dodgers manager Dave Roberts here to light the Chargers' cannon before kickoff against the Raiders.
Now that we've laid out the criteria for what makes a baseball season memorable, we put 2017 to the test.
With relief pitchers handling more innings than ever, some clubs are throwing money at their pen problems, while others are ready to take thrifty chances on journeymen.
The Astros' victory over the Dodgers in Game 7 of the World Series resulted in a loss of $11.4 million for Las Vegas sportsbooks -- including futures bets.
This year's hardest choice isn't about steroid users, closers or even what to do with a talented crop of first-timers - it's about the name that deserves the final X.Velta Lewis died the morning of May 15th in the arms of her husband in the home they had purchased upon retiring three years previously. Her death, nine months after the diagnosis of lung cancer, occurred shortly before the couple expected to celebrate their 52nd wedding anniversary during a two-week trip to Paris. My father was devastated. Over the following weeks, I would find him sitting alone in their darkened family room – no television, no radio, no conversation to break the silence – staring with red-rimmed eyes into the past, trails of tears upon his cheeks.
If you have experienced the death of a loved one, you understand how grief can stun, even take you to your knees. In the midst of your own pain, it is easy to forget others who suffer. However, in the case of a parent whose spouse has died, it is at this time that your strength and compassion is most needed.
Dealing With the Death of a Spouse
Members of the Greatest Generation were no strangers to death. My dad had experienced the passing of his grandmother as a young boy, and witnessed her body resting in the parlor of their house for final viewing, as was the custom in those days. He had spent almost a year in Europe during World War II, losing buddies to the ravages of battle. In the ensuing years, he and my mother buried parents, relatives, and friends, the funerals becoming more frequent as they grew older. They were religious people, neither fearing death, sure of their place in eternity.
But generally, the natural order of life is for husbands to go first, not wives. They had worked and saved over the years, expecting to enjoy 5 to 10 years of travel and seeing grandchildren before Dad’s time to go. Mother dying first was unnatural in the grand scheme of things – unlikely, but not impossible. In fact, according to the U.S. Census figures in 2012, husbands are 3.2 times more likely to die before their wives, with 36.9% of women older than 65 widowed compared to 11.5% of men over age 65 who are widowers. To my father, all of their shared preparations for their final days were suddenly pointless.
Even when husbands die first, the toll on the surviving wife can be equally overwhelming, particularly if the death is unexpected. The survivor loses not only a mate, but a long-term partner, an everyday companion, and, commonly, a caregiver. Grief and sorrow as well as guilt for being a survivor are common feelings and take time to reconcile. Many survivors report a deep sense of loneliness and isolation that can take months, even years to overcome; the closer the marital relationship, the more depressed the surviving partner is likely to be.
Their grief can sometimes have fatal consequences if untreated. A 2013 study by the Harvard School of Public Health found that a surviving spouse over the age of 50 has a 66% increased risk of dying within the first three months of the spouse’s death. Physicians often refer to the “broken heart syndrome,” or stress cardiomyopathy, the result of a sudden stress like the unexpected death of a loved one.
If the couple is ill or frail, the consequences of the death of one of the partners is particularly distressing for the survivor. Together, they can live independently by relying on each other. When one dies, the other may not be capable of living alone, and must cope with the loss of their spouse and, possibly, their independence.
Ironically, surviving spouses who are better off economically are likely to be more depressed. According to Rutgers Professor and sociologist Deborah Carr, “Those who own a home may do worse because they have the added strain of caring for a house. They may be more socially isolated, lonely, and even afraid of living in a home alone, compared to surviving spouses who live in apartments and have neighbors close by.”
Since many elderly couples divide the tasks of everyday living – for instance, one may cook meals and mow the lawn, while the other pays bills and handles home repairs – the loss of one of the partners may leave the other unequipped or unable to add the new tasks necessary for everyday existence. For instance, Jackie Buttimer of Bethesda, Maryland had never balanced a checkbook and rarely used a computer before her husband of nearly 50 years died in April 2010. “It’s a huge learning curve, and I had never lived alone,” says Buttimer.
The Role of Children and Friends
Losing a partner affects older adults in multiple ways: Some may continue to function without appearing to be excessively affected, while others are incapable of completing the smallest task. At the same time, you will be grieving for the loss of a mother or father and perhaps recognizing your own mortality. It is important to handle your own grief and fears, but remember that losing a mate is not the same as losing a parent. If possible, your priority should be to comfort your parent first, recognizing that, at times, you may need to withdraw to grieve and recharge.
Do not be reluctant to ask for help from other family members or friends. Many people are willing to help, but hesitate to intrude during this very emotional time. They need your guidance to help in ways that are beneficial, whether it is providing meals, performing needed household duties such as washing clothes or mowing the lawn, or spending time with your parent in conversation and consolation.
There is no definite mourning period or average time to return to “normal.” People do not easily get over their pain; they eventually learn to cope with it as time softens the loss. Some parents may want to talk about the deceased, while others avoid the subject, especially if the death was painful or unexpected. Take your cues from your parent.
Shortly after my mother’s death, my father and I took a week-long automobile trip to visit the locations of his childhood, the hours in the car filled with his recollection of the memories of their life together. We laughed, we cried, and we both felt better. Remember that grief will usually resurface in the years ahead at holidays, birthdays, anniversaries, and any special family days. If and when emotions resurface, it is important to acknowledge and share the feelings.
The Immediate Aftermath of Death
Even with well-planned, predetermined arrangements, there are a number of responsibilities that require attention following a death. The surviving mate may be overcome with grief so these duties must be completed by a child or another representative of the family. They include:
- Notification of the Proper Authorities. If the death occurs at home, as in my mother’s case, a hospice representative and a physician are required to pronounce death and dispose of any restricted pharmaceutical drugs remaining unused. If the death was unexpected, a coroner or medical examiner may be required at the scene. The medical personnel typically make arrangements to transfer the deceased to the mortuary of choice.
- Making or Reviewing Funeral Arrangements. In many cases, arrangements have been made concerning the disposition of the body (burial or cremation), burial sites, and funeral services. The arrangements need review, and occasionally change to accommodate the last wishes of the deceased or surviving spouse. This is a particularly emotional time which some unscrupulous funeral directors may attempt to exploit by up-selling to more expensive caskets, extensive flower arrangements, or elaborate tombstones. The best counsel is to follow the wishes of the deceased as close as possible, assuming the arrangements were made under less emotional circumstances.
- Contacting Family, Friends, and Clergy. Family members, often spread across the continent, need to be contacted and informed of funeral arrangements, with time between the death and service for those to travel if necessary. Close friends should be contacted personally with the request that they contact others who might wish to pay their respects. Churches often respond immediately when noticed of a member’s death with offers of meals and other help.
- Notifying Legal, Financial, and Government Authorities. While these duties can be delayed until after the funeral and receipt of death certificates, the Social Security Administration should be notified so that monthly benefits can cease and survivor’s benefits can be initiated, if available. Life insurance claims should be filed. Institutions which provide jointly-owned bank accounts, credit cards, or other property need to be notified and provided with proper documentation to transfer ownership as dictated by the will of the deceased. If an attorney has not been previously involved in estate planning, seeking counsel to proceed most efficiently to probate any will and settle the estate may be wise.
- Delaying Payment of Medical Bills for the Deceased. In the weeks following my mother’s death, my dad was deluged with medical bills relating to my mother’s care and death, even though the costs had been incurred in her name and covered by Medicare. Information systems in the medical industry are notably inefficient, outdated, and inaccurate. As a consequence, many providers continue to bill my deceased mother, even though accounts had been previously paid or were not legally due. My father, wishing to honor my mother’s good name, would pay the accounts, being unable to determine whether the balance was legitimate or not. In the event of a death, it is wise to delay any medical payments for the deceased for a minimum of three months so that billings and collections can be properly recorded and amounts owed properly reconciled.
Depending upon the planning preceding the death, the ability of the survivor to handle legal and financial matters, and the complexity of the estate, there will almost certainly be additional cases where the help or guidance of a child to protect the interests of the surviving parent will be necessary.
Signs of Continuing Grief in the Elderly
Many people appear to quickly bounce back after a tragic event, but appearances can be deceiving. According to the American Hospice Foundation, some signs that your parent is still grieving include the following:
- Forgetfulness. Missing appointments, locking keys in the car, or mailing unsigned checks with bills are all signs that your surviving parent may have difficulty focusing. Be patient and suggest written reminders to stay focused.
- Disorganization. Taking longer or failing to complete one task before beginning another is often seen in grieving adults. Written schedules can help.
- Inability to Concentrate. Grief causes the mind to wander, so reading a book or watching a television show can be difficult. Be especially alert if your parent continues to drive an automobile or operate dangerous machinery.
- Lack of Interest or Motivation. Your parent may question the purpose of life or why any effort is worth doing. Listen to them, express love and support, and keep trying to get them involved in something beyond their immediate environment.
- Fascination With Death or the Hereafter. While it’s natural to think about it following a death, a fixation on death combined with depression can lead to suicide. Involve a therapist immediately.
Specific Problems That May Arise
While most people gradually recover from the death of a long-term spouse, there are unique problems and circumstances that can complicate or extend the healing process. As their child, you should be cognizant of the potential areas which can cause obstacles and seek to minimize them.
1. Loss of Independence
The death of a spouse emphasizes the physical fragility of the survivor. As people grow older, muscle strength declines, and problems with balance and gait appear. Neurological conditions such as Parkinson’s, high blood pressure, neuropathy, and vision problems such as glaucoma and cataracts can cause unsteadiness and falls, and may require certain medications. A pair of people living together can look after one another and call for help when necessary – but a person living alone lacks that security.
If your elderly parent wants to live alone but may be subject to falls, consider improving the physical environment of the home by removing loose rugs, installing railings on stairs, adding ramps, and putting grab bars in the bathrooms. Adding a home monitoring system may give you and your elderly parent peace of mind.
2. New Tasks to Learn
During the 50-plus years he was married, my father rarely wrote a check, paid a bill, or determined which investments were made in the family’s retirement accounts. In other families, the wife may have let her husband take care of all financial matters. Some surviving partners do not know how to cook or to drive a car.
When a spouse dies, the survivor is required to assume new responsibilities, which can be overwhelming. Fortunately, technology has become increasingly simple, so that even the most unfamiliar can learn basic tasks necessary to everyday life. Encourage your parent to sign up for community courses for the elderly in local colleges, universities, local chapters of the American Association for Retired Persons (AARP), or senior centers. They may find friends with common interests and learn new skills that will allow them to connect with a broader world.
3. Financial Complications
Problems with the level or management of assets can arise after the death of a spouse. For example, a husband and wife typically draw two Social Security checks each month. With the death of one spouse, income is reduced. Annuity or retirement plan distributions may also be changed. In many cases, the deceased spouse may have been responsible for making day-to-day management decisions in the family retirement portfolio, expertise that is no longer available with the passing of the partner.
Depending upon the will and wishes of the dying spouse, control of the assets may rest solely with the survivor, potentially complicating efforts to protect their financial interests. Unfortunately, surviving elderly spouses are popular targets for con-men, crooks, and unscrupulous investment salesmen. If you have suspicions that your parent is unable to rationally make investment decisions or under the influence of those who do not have his or her best interests in mind, seek legal help immediately.
4. Loneliness and Depression
Intermittent periods of depression and loneliness invariably accompany the death of spouse. In fact, healthy grieving is a process that can last for months or years. However, as time goes by, the periods of loneliness and depressions usually become shorter while the periods between depressions extend. In some cases, however, months can go by without any sign of improvement. Mental professionals call this condition “complicated grieving.”
Signs of complicated grief include the following:
- An inability to accept that death has occurred
- Frequent nightmares and intrusive memories
- Withdrawal from social contact
- Constant yearning for the deceased
Grief has physical consequences – loss of appetite, trouble sleeping, headache, fatigue, muscle tension – which generally result in decreased exercise, deficient diet, and an over-reliance on medication. If your parent seems to be stuck in a continuing cycle of depression, seek psychological help and encourage them to talk to friends or a spiritual advisor.
Remember to Take Care of Yourself
Trying to help your parent recover from death-related grief is akin to rescuing someone from drowning. You may be struggling with your own depression and feelings of guilt and regret. If you find that you cannot help your father or mother without sacrificing yourself in the process, ask for help from other family members, a friend, or a mental health professional.
Take time for yourself and your immediate family and seek a support group if necessary. Be sure you maintain a good diet, keep exercising, and get plenty of sleep. And focus on the good memories of the parent who is gone as well as the one who survives. Remember that time will eventually lessen your pain.
Final Word
My father eventually followed my mother in death. He was unafraid, even excited, since he believed that his wife was waiting on the other side, and the two would spend the rest of eternity together.
While helping my dad through his grief at my mother’s passing was at times inconvenient and frustrating, I have no doubt that our relationship deepened and strengthened as a result. If the occasion arises where you are called to help one of your parents after the death of your other parent, welcome the opportunity to share your grief and express your love. Like births, death can show us the joy of life and family.
What other tips can you suggest to help a parent deal with the death of a spouse?Whenever!
5 comments:
i really like your trucker cart and she looks so happy and adorable..
Oh how wonderful and a new tradition in the making. Thanks for sharing.
These are certainly handy for work and for fun!
very cute.
an up and coming speed demon....lol She looks like she's having a ballOxford Lets Female Students Take Exam at Home Because Equality or Something
“part of final year exams which students take in year five”
Isn’t this actually an insult to women? You can take the exam home because you’re not as smart as men.
The New York Post reported:
University lets female students take home exam to try and close gender gap.”
One of my brothers is a professor at Cambridge (well, every family has its black sheep). And he has quite a store of tales about the absurd tricks they have to play to maintain an illusion that some of their female Ph.D. candidates are actually qualified for their degrees. Not all of them, obviously, but still far too many.
But he sees nothing wrong in this; it’s like it’s just part of the job. Getting a few grossly unqualified people through the system seems to be considered some sort of accomplishment. He doesn’t see it as diluting and cheapening his own field and profession. And he gets very huffy at any suggestion that he might be doing just that.
Perhaps it’s an attitude which comes from living in Europe for too long.
Alas, not quite living up to Helen Reddy’s “I Am Woman, Hear Me Roar!”
More like:
…hear me whimper
…hear me complain
…hear me make excuses
…hear me demand “accommodation” to compensate for why I can’t “make it” on my own (yet, less than equal?) without special help
Yup, you’ve come a long way, baby.
I believe they are letting ALL the students take the exam at home. They hope the women will do better, relative to men, when they all take the exam at home vs. in class.
I am confused though about “year five”. I am pretty sure Oxford bachelor degrees take three years. Unless they’re counting from the time of O-levels, but that’s two years before the kids would have even been admitted to Oxford.Less than a Year Out of Jail, Convicted Sex Offender Gets 50-70 More Years for New Case
Ross Shepherd
A convicted sex offender who was released from a Nebraska prison just this past year has been given 50 to 70 years in prison in a new sexual assault case involving a 7-year-old York child.
Ross Shepherd, 48, of rural Hampton, was sentenced Tuesday in York County District Court after being convicted of two counts of sexual assault of a child in November.
He pleaded no contest to the charges after York County Attorney Candace Dick agreed to drop two other counts in exchange for his plea.
Records show Shepherd was convicted in August 1997 and in October 2010 of sexually assaulting children.
He was released from custody for the 2010 conviction, for which he received five years in prison, in March.
Because of his previous convictions, the two new counts of sexual assault of a child were enhanced to felonies that carried a maximum sentence of 50 years.A good friend of the DGB crew attended the ZombieCon Aliens vs. Zombies in Ft. Myers FL last night. Here is her report and a photo gallery below the fold.
“It was early on the evening on Saturday, October 21, 2012 when the invasion began! Little did the residents of Fort Myers, Florida know what they were in for! Just as the sun was starting to descend on the river, and the glow of the rays illuminated the peaceful scene, THEY started to arrive. At first you didn’t really notice them, but as the sun sank lower you realized it was a full force invasion. But not just any invasion, we were getting hit on two fronts! Both Zombies and Aliens were descending our quiet little city and it was anyone’s guess who would survive the night.
It was obvious the Zombies had the stronger forces. The Aliens were just too outnumbered. As you forced you way through the crowded streets and visited the various shops and vendors or tried just to blend into the crowds at one of the four different band stands, you realized that the humans and aliens were no match for Zombies. The undead were attacking innocent humans and Aliens without discrimination.
Next thing you knew, the Aliens were turned into the living dead and were joining the ranks of their creators. It was a crazed madness! It was estimated that their combined forces were around 20,000 and it is unknown if there were any survivors. Again, it is proven, that no one is a match against the Living Dead! But we few survivors will not give up the fight! Good Luck and Be Safe!”
Thanks to Lorene for this! She’s an amazing accountant in Ft. Myers!
This slideshow requires JavaScript.5.0 out of 5 stars with 3 reviews
Yoshihiro High Carbon Blue Steel Hongasumi Edo Usuba Japanese Vegetable Chef's Knife Shitan Handle 7"(180mm)
List Price
$
292.67
Our Price
$239.99
Savings
18% OFF
* Pricing Information Updated Less Then A Minute Ago
Grade: Hongasumi / Knife Type: Edo Usuba (Vegetable Chef ) Knife
Steel Type: Aoko (Blue Steel #2) High Carbon Steel
Blade: Single-Edged/ Blade Length : 7" (180mm)
Handle Material: Octagonal Shitan Rosewood Handle
Hardness Rockwell C scale: 63-64 / Saya Cover : Included
Product Information Specifications for Yoshihiro High Carbon Blue Steel Hongasumi Edo Usuba Japanese Vegetable Chef's Knife Shitan Handle 7"(180mm) Below:
Join Our Community!
Like what you see? Get a FREE account and start posting, sharing, and discovering more!
Have Questions? Contact Us!
Find out the answers to your questions by contacting us. We look forward to hearing from you!Dear Lord, I’ve been (mostly) good over the course of my life. Love my country and parents, rendered unto You and Caes…er… Uncle Sam. And I’m sure you’ll overlook that little “incident” in the dorms….
So, if you really, really love me, make this happen:.”
Those of you who’ve followed me over the years know how much I respect the former vice-president and his dedication to fighting anthropogenic global warming, a problem that does not exist. But that hasn’t stopped Al from making a bundle off it, has it? The man just oozes “integrity” with a capital “I.”
And —bonus!— imagine the debates between Al, Joe, Bernie, and Hillary (1)! Oh, yeah, and Martin and Jim, too. (2)
I wonder when Gary Hart and Michael Dukakis will decide “now” is their moment?
Hey, if they can even think of recycling Al…
Footnotes:
(1) If she isn’t otherwise detained in federal court, that is.
(2) Who?
Reblogged this on Scoop Feed.
[…] Run, Al, run!!! […]THE CABIN ANTHRAX, MURPHY, N.C. (CT&P) – St. Louis Police Chief Jon “Bull Smegma” Belmar has approved the use of the county’s three Predator drones in an attempt to quell the continuing riots over the death of Michael Brown on Saturday. The drones are fully armed with AGM-114 Hellfire missiles, a suite of electronic surveillance gear, and loudspeakers that announce “Your right to peaceably assemble is not being violated” as target neighborhoods are being annihilated.
A thriving McDonald’s at the edge of a minority neighborhood became one of the first targets of the drone strikes when intelligence revealed that it was being frequented by reporters who were using it to recharge their electronics and file reports that were critical of Belmar’s methods.
The first strikes occurred just before dawn this morning, when several minority neighborhoods in and around Ferguson were reduced to rubble after fiery explosions set home after home ablaze.
“We gotta teach these uppity negras just who is boss around here,” said Chief Belmar, as he sipped on an ice cold Budweiser. “I done asked ’em nicely not to protest at night, and I even let ’em ‘peaceably assemble’ like it says in the Constitution of the United States. But enough is enough. It’s time to put ’em back in their place.”
Protestors complained that it was a little incongruous to have high-powered rifles pointed at your head while a loudspeaker announced “your right to assemble is not being violated.”
However, responsible adults from all over the U.S. disagree with Belmar, including reporters from major newspapers who have been arrested and state senators who were tear gassed during peaceful sit-ins and marches.
Belmar’s actions have been met with outrage across the country except in markets where Fox News dominates.
Representatives from the groups of protestors told CNN that it “is a little difficult to hold a peaceable protest march when cops dressed to go into battle in Iraq are aiming high powered rifles and machine guns at your head from the tops of tanks, and at the slightest provocation tear gas grenades are hurled into your midst.”
The complaints have had little effect on Belmar, however. In addition to the drones, he has placed the St. Louis County Air Force on high alert and his tactical nuclear missile force on Defcon 4, only one level away from all-out war.
“We are going to give these jungle bunnies one more chance,” said Belmar. “If they don’t return to the rubble that was once their homes we are going to put our wing of surplus B-52’s into action and carpet-bomb the whole damn city.”
“I want to assure all the good white people of St. Louis County that there is nothing, no matter how ridiculous, that we won’t do in order to get this situation under control. The best advice I can give to you Caucasian residents out there is to go on vacation or visit relatives until this thing is over, because I can’t guarantee that there won’t be some collateral damage if we have to nuke Ferguson.”
One thought on “St Louis Police Chief Orders Drone Strikes On ‘Colored’ Neighborhoods”
Pingback: Andrew Bolt Police chief of Melbourne orders drone strikes on Islamic Neighborhoods | olddogthoughts>>.'"
And this is news how? (Score:1, Informative)
Oh, you got me to click on the story. Got me again, you ad-whoring editors!).
No, it's not news. I heard it 10-15 years ago. (Could be more, hard to keep track.):Watch video of simulation of this collision (Score:4, Informative)
You can right click a video at any time and select "Copy link at current time"
When you do that, which he likely did, it uses seconds.
Re:770,000 parsecs? (Score:4, Informative).Forest Avenue Elementary proudly displays it's honor. "I jumped up for joy because I was so happy," said student Kirsten Stringer.
It's only one of three in the state and fewer than 300 across the country to be named a Blue Ribbon School. Teacher Jennifer Rodopoulos said, "I've known all along we were Blue Ribbon status; we just needed to be recognized that way."
The No Child Left Behind Blue Ribbon Schools Program honors public and private schools that demonstrate high student achievement. "It shows we are smart and listen to our teachers," said student Noah Foster.
Principal Jan Hill credits her staff, students and parents. She says, "We can't do anything we do here without the parents."
Parent Stacey Courson adds, "I don't think a child can be successful without parental involvement."
Forest Avenue won't rest on its laurels. The bar has always been high; the goal is to reach it consistently. "I know we are up to that challenge to continue to produce children who are educated and have a love for learning. That is very important to us," says Rodopoulos.
Two other Alabama schools were selected as Blue Ribbon Schools: K.J. Clark in Mobile County and Grissom High School in Huntsville. The schools will be honored at an awards ceremony next month in Washington. >>If You Like Pokemon colosseum MMO
Pokemon colosseum MMO can be a ton of fun! Wizard101 also has a lot of wonderful MMO features. Pokemon colosseum has interesting MMO features that have been extremely successful. This game gives players a unique experience with MMO excitement. Pokemon colosseum MMO lets you experience Pokemon colosseum in a whole new way. If you like Pokemon colosseum.NEW YORK -- U.S. stocks ended a volatile week on a positive note, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average notching a record close while the Nasdaq Composite posted its biggest weekly fall in four weeks as investors continued to dump tech shares and small-cap stocks.
Continue Reading Below
Meanwhile, deal news from Apple may be on the way, but two giant ad firms called off their merger.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average(DJI) ended a choppy session up 32.37 points, or 0.2%, at 16,583.34, eclipsing the previous record close of 16,580.84 set on April 30. The blue-chip index saw a weekly rise of 0.4%.
The Nasdaq Composite(RIXF) advanced 20.37 points, or 0.5%, to end at 4,071.87, which still left the index with a 1.3% weekly decline. The S&P 500 (SPX).
Continue Reading Below
ADVERTISEMENT
) ended the day down 0.4% following reports late Thursday that it's in talks to buy Beats Electronics for about $3.2 billion. Beats sells premium-sound headphones and speakers, and just launched a music-subscription service that could bolster Apple's presence in that market.
While Apple and Beats may be joining forces, advertising heavyweights Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) and Publicis Groupe SA) saw a 3.6% weekly decline, while the iShares Russell 2000 ETF(IWM) saw a weekly drop of 1.8%. On Tuesday, the small cap ETF closed under its 200-day moving average for the first time since November 2012.Create user for login sql server
Yes Wix to me is by far the best website builder out of all the site builders on this page. These plans are sufficient to get started for many small businesses, or for developers testing side projects. They have been in operation since 2004 and have a long history of providing solid free DNS hosting. While it's great a lot of the times, it can be ranked as a bad non trusted website due to the free web hosting company that is being used. Basic create user for login sql server and details about your website. We offer pure xreate, without the create user for login sql server extras, which you do not really need. They also provide 100s of free scripts to make it easy to install the most popular applications on your VPS server. Progressive organisations are lobin their web presence as much more than just an online brochure or company profile. Neocities will never sell your personal data or embed advertising on your site. These include keyword research, meta titles, URL optimization, basic SEO housekeeping, analytics, etc. If you're starting a new website, chances are that you don't want to worry about paying too much for the domain. With our web hosting services, you always have a scope to upgrade you plan as and when your website starts receiving a huge amount of traffic. The biggest plus is the support. Dinsol Info Solutions is a leading dedicated web hosting company in Delhi India provides cheap and affordable dedicated web hosting service in Delhi India. When the domain name renews, each year of private registration will renew at the regular rates in effect at the time of renewal. There's very little variation between any of the Insanity discs. So you don't have to pay a dime, and because you placed effective advertising (which of course create user for login sql server did), then we can keep increasing the resources as your website grows, and the revenue increases to pay for them, so it's unlimited flexibility. (Pizza Hut publishes them online, but they admitted to me they aren't current in an email). Just 3 steps (Select from 100s of professionally designed quality templates, add your content and push 'publish') and your website is ready. In plain language, the memory and bandwidth that is provided by the server would fr divided amongst various sites that use virtual hosting as well. For fans of all thingsnet. 3 stable at the time of this writing), then this guide should walk you through building a jail and installing an OpenVPN server inside of it. is not a complete free hosting hosting provider, it provides oogin levels of web hosting services to developers. While multiple websites are hosted on a single VPS, the storage space and other resources are divided up equally, unlike a shared server where one website could use the bulk of the resources and cause other sites to crash. We now haveВ more than 1,000 generic TLDs (gTLD) opened to public, includingBAR,FOREX,CLUB,COLLEGE,REST,WEBSITE,WIEN,XYZ,В and so on. I knew that. Whether I'm geeking serger with Ryan, Laura, and the team, or sketching out server diagrams to explain the basics to my grandmother, talking about a career in web hosting is always a creative endeavor, and I love it. If you'd prefer one of the more elaborate paid templates, we have a great selection here at fantastic prices, and if you purchase a paid template and web hosting at the same time, you'll automatically receive a free month of web hosting services. Our average response time is under 1 hour during working hours, and within 4 windows xp server tools off-peak hours. The main limitation is the inability to deploy webapps that depend on Java bytecode manipulation at runtime, mainly Hibernate and Spring. Then download an RDP client for your mobile device and connect. I changed my site about two months back when they first started ps3 media server beta 1.40 this. Yes, Germans are at the forefront create user for login sql server free web hosting in Europe. Lifeyo is relatively new to this market, but Weebly create user for login sql server been around for a number of years already. The customers are provided with the wide range create user for login sql server options and service availability. In the end, they can turn out to be major headaches (especially the free versions) that end up costing more time and potentially more money than you ever anticipated. My site has been disabled twice for not enough use (traffic or updates to the main page). SkySilk Engineers happily utilize many open source solutions across multiple levels of our cloud infrastructure to offer customized cloud resources and cloud platforms. We have experience for more than a decade in server building operating and we deal with it for 4 years as a business. They will also likely restrict your bandwidth and web space. Web hosting is one area in which costs can easily accumulate, as hosting packages are generally sold with monthly billing. Fully Automated Platforms allowed to manage emails, databases, applications, security, FTP'вand control every aspect of websites. Also this module can create the Virtual Machine as soon as the first payment is received ensuring full automation. Standard VAT rates based on EU Member State regulations may apply. Learn sql server 2008 video tutorial free hosting websites with windows home server mac os x lion. If you are in need of swrver raw computational power, then dedicated servers might just turn out necessary as their true strength relies on high cost and high-performance hardware. With three package options to choose from, the choices range from a create user for login sql server hotel for economy passengers to a five-star hotel for business class passengers. Resellers often sell shared web hosting and web companies often have reseller accounts create user for login sql server provide hosting creats clients. But the reason why that's throwing people off loign that the things he logib create user for login sql server the campaign trail were terrifying. Most users say the service's lofin customer support is hard to beat, with impressively quick responses to even minor issues. We also offer a one-click web software installation and an easy to use website builder. Many web hosting services also give you a free domain name, free advertising credits and a few other free bonuses so you choose their service. a company website with information only such as Welcome, About, Services, Products, Contact Us) is very easily done using the example above. 168. By purchasing a VPS you get a 100 private virtual machine with root access and your own dedicated CPU and RAM. At Cochin Web Host,the leading web hosting provider from Kerala, we provide both: Windows and Linux hosting. We purchase eerver wind energy credits from Renewable Choice Energy to cover what our create user for login sql server, network center, and offices use.More...
I think, that you commit an error. Let's discuss it.
29.03.2013 at 13:30 Yozshumuro:
I suggest you to visit a site on which there is a lot of information on this question.
06.04.2013 at 06:27 Samusida:
I can recommend to visit to you a site on which there is a lot of information on this question.
10.04.2013 at 00:34 Daizil:
I think, that you are mistaken. Write to me in PM, we will talk.
18.04.2013 at 21:50 Teshicage:
The exact answer
24.04.2013 at 20:08 Akitaxe:
What necessary words... super, a remarkable idea
27.04.2013 at 19:21 Duzshura:
I apologise, but, in my opinion, you are not right. I am assured. I suggest it to discuss. Write to me in PM, we will talk.On Mon, 17 Mar 2003 01:25:29 +0100, Gerhard Häring <gh at ghaering.de> wrote: >For invalid email addresses, please use the invalid TLD, >like nobody at nowhere.invalid. No, my news serwer will reject such no existing domain. >WebWare can be run in several settings (CGI, wrapper CGI, mod_python >integration, IIS integration, etc.). Spyce is AFAIK just a templating >engine that can be run under mod_python. AFAIK it doesn't even do >session handling. No, it is not true. Spyce do session handling, also CGI, mod_python or fast_cgi. It is no a templating system (although it has "spycelambdas" and integrate with other real template systems like Cheetah). It is rather embedded Python in HTML (like PHP is embedded in HTML code) >So to my knowledge, Webware is much more featureful. > >> I am also looking for Python equivalent of caching the SQL queries >> like ADOdb for PHP. > >I don't know about ADOdb or PHP, >but isn't it some sort of database API? It is not only API (like PEAR or phpLib for PHP). ADOdb has several nice features beyound the basic API abstraction. Eg. it has real caching system for results extracted from databases. >The Python equivalent would then be the Python Database API >specification, for which there are many implementations for the popular >and less popular databases. See They are nice, but they are no such powerfull like ADOdb. I found only this:. >To be honest, I wouldn't how to "cache SQL queries". How would you know >you're not out of sync with the backend database? I can set up timeout of every query (eg. the cache will be refreshed every hour, or a day, or a week). I can also refresh it manually whetever I want. It works fine and for heavy sql queries it is very usefull.Z brand to feature black models this season (Uma Wang has used black models in her presentations at Shanghai Fashion Week), as well as 30+ models… The models were also pretty much all normal height and weight, allowing the audience to more easily envision themselves in the clothes that were presented on the runway. The clothes were simple but well-designed, with bright colors and beautiful patterns. This is a brand with huge commercial potential while at the same time not being too “mass”… It’s not one of those generic, thoughtless “fast-fashion” brands but rather an easy yet sophisticated and fun aesthetic that can fit people all colors of the rainbow. Check it out!
I also love their saying for 2012 “The End is The Beginning”… check out their finale parade here:TQ0602 : Looking along Canterbury Road towards Guildford Road
taken 8 years ago, near to Rustington, West Sussex, Great Britain
Looking along Canterbury Road towards Guildford Road
- Road Junction > Road junction (more nearby)
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
TQ 061 028 [100m precision]
WGS84: 50:48.9289N 0:29.6834W
- Camera Location
- OSGB36:
TQ 060<<This one’s much less about today’s WOD and more of a follow up on yesterday’s post.
WOD for Thursday 101112
Front Squat – 85% 1RM
3-3-3-3-3
All 5 sets done at 185#, just a shade over 80% of 1RM. Form felt really good. Stayed back in the heels the whole time and kept elbows up very high. I look forward to retesting my 1RM on this one very soon.
METCON
Alternating Tabata Intervals (total of 8 minutes):
Ring Dips/Dips/Pushups
Abmat Situps
Used a purple band for ring dips. Total score: 138 (58/80 respectively)
Banded Good Mornings
100 Reps
All done with a green band. This was overkill. Form got shitty late and I rightfully got corrected for it. Should have split up the sets between a green and blue band. Can tell by the soreness in my back, I’m going to ache for days from this one.
So onto what’s really on my mind…maintaining motivation.
Yesterday I posted this. I talked about how Kevin James after 14 mos of extensive physical training in preparation for a movie apparently gave it all up and added on a significant amount of bodyweight. This concerns me for a few reasons: 1) Before I started getting in shape, it was common for people to tell me that I look like him. So I tend to follow his career with more than a casual eye. 2) 14 mos is roughly the same amount of time I’ve been doing full on Crossfit and adhering to a strict 4 day a week program.
I haven’t skipped any workouts and I’m reasonably consistent and healthful in my diet. Yet there certainly have been mornings where the alarm went off at 5:15 am and I’ve thought, “You know? The world won’t spin off it’s axis, if I don’t hit the gym today.” So far though, I’ve been able to recognize the excuses for what they are and beat them down and haul myself out of bed to get to the gym.
There have also been days where I’ve justified less than healthy eating with, “It’s ok. I worked out today, and I’ll be back a the gym tomorrow.” Honestly, that’s a bigger issue and a separate post.
But reading about Kevin James and knowing how the excuse level seems to be creeping higher lately has me wondering about how do I stay motivated to continue to pursue all of this at a high level. Like I said yesterday. I don’t ever want to look in the mirror again or look at family photos and see the Paul that was 280 lbs. It literally scares me that that I might allow that to happen if I don’t stay vigilant.
In responding to my post, Crossfit Paul asked me via Facebook, “am I intrinsically or extrinsically motivated?” I had to mull that over for a while.
Back when I started this, the motivation was definitely extrinsic. I wanted to lose weight. I wanted to feel better and take pride in my appearance again. To a large degree, I feel like I’ve accomplished much of that though there are still miles to go. I’d be lying, if I said that doesn’t still motivate me to some degree. I like what I see in the mirror now and I don’t ever want to lose that feeling. But there’s more to it than just, “looking better naked” for me now.
If I’m going to the gym on any given day, I’m always online the night prior scanning for the e-mail announcing the WOD has been posted. Soon as I read it, I’m checking my Excel lift charts, checking how I performed the last time we practiced those exercises. I’m setting goals for new 1RM’s. Or if the WOD calls for it calculating percentages of 1RM’s to have a target weight in mind for the next moring.
Every time we work a lift or skill, I want my performance to be better than the time before. I still get excited about the prospect of a new lift or new skill that I haven’t seen before, or a new twist on a familiar lift. That gets me all jazzed up to go the next morning.
So to answer the initial question…I would say, “Both. But at this stage, I’m far more intrinsically driven than extrinsically.” I crave the challenge and the satisfaction that comes from improving my technique and form which means I get more technically proficient at things and then the weights and reps improve. That’s what excites me most days. I understand that my body will continue to evolve as a result of all the work. I certainly don’t want my body to degrade from a lack of effort. But overall, I’m comfortable with the guy standing in front of the mirror now.
I guess that’s the answer. Continue to push for better form, improved technique and strive for new goals. That and always remember that this stuff is SO MUCH FUN!
October 12, 2012 at 1:25 pm
Paul, I think it’s great you’re focusing on technique and form. I could take a few pointers from you on this. It’s also ok to have days where you give yourself a break- sleep in and don’t feel guilty about it. So on Monday, if you don’t feel like getting up early before going to the fair, give yourself the day off and enjoy those apple fritters 🙂
October 12, 2012 at 6:37 pm
Um, ok, just read your previous blog post. I completely understand your point of view. Hope to see you Monday morning, but if not, hope you do get and enjoy the apple fritter.
October 12, 2012 at 6:45 pm
I expect I’ll be there Monday morning. That way I have no guilt about fair food for the day. Besides…I owe you one for this morning’s commentary. 😉
October 12, 2012 at 7:14 pm
I have no idea what you’re talking about 0:) You rocked this morning’s WOD- I should have scaled it b/c my form was not good. *(that’s a halo-fyi)CONSULTING
Experts in helping craft innovative solutions to meet your business needs
WEB DEVELOPMENT
Creative and powerful web applications developers to build your next idea
Consulting is our core business. You tell us your problems, we come up with elegant and efficient solutions to make them turn it into your strengths.
We don't just build web pages. We build interactive applications. Have the next great billion dollar idea? Need a custom application to run your day to day business? Want to automate daily tasks? Our development team can turn your ideas into reality.
We've developed our processes from industry standards and tweaked them over time to make them ridiculously strong.
We pride ourselves on service. We're always available to discuss your changing needs or concerns.
We guarantee our work will meet your needs or we'll work until they do.Source: Fire on Bush Highway may have left behind thousands of scorched acres.
But something good came from the ashes: a tiny foal was born, after a pregnant mare gave birth close to the fire.
One concern during the Cactus Fire was that the flames would endanger the Salt River wild horses in the area.
But now, the Salt River Wild Horse Management Group reports that all wild horses in the fires’ vicinity have been located and are safe.
And that includes the very pregnant mare, who gave birth on Wednesday morning not even half a mile from where the fire was raging.
Despite starting his life at such a dangerous time with ashes falling all around, the group reports that the wild colt is doing great.
His name? “Cactus Fire,” of course!
The wild colt’s first day might not have turned out so well were it not for the quick action by Forest Service officials.
[READ MORE: Cactus Fire on Bush Highway expected to grow with planned burn, containment possible]
The Salt River Wild Horse Management Group estimates that less than 1 percent of the horses’ habitat has burned.
[Slideshow: Cactus Fire burns in East Valley]
The group had a chance to thank the fire fighters in person and also sent a heartfelt letter to the forest service. The fire fighters stated that they loved the thank you cards with a picture of the new baby on it.
In the blink of an eye it could have all been gone , states Simone Netherlands, president of the group, “We recognize how lucky we are to still have this amazing natural resource in our backyard and despite facing many human-caused challenges, the Tonto National Forest remains one of the most magnificent pieces of “wild” we have left in Arizona.”
The SRWHMG, who also repairs the fences along Bush highway, is going to make sure that the fences damaged in the fire will be fixed to keep the horses safe. Anyone who sees an injured wild horse can call the emergency hotline.
Letter to Editor from the Salt River Wild Horse Management Group:
“Letter of Gratitude: To all of the U.S. Forest Service employees, hot shot crews and each of the brave firefighters assigned to the Cactus Fire,
On behalf of 80 volunteers, and the public of Arizona, the Salt River Wild Horse Management Group would like to express our deepest gratitude for your hard and brave work to fight the Cactus Fire.
We do not take lightly the commitment you have shown to our public lands and our community. By assigning the crews and resources – including the lifesaving “bambi bucket” helicopter — to contain a fire that could have threatened all of the Tonto National Forest you saved the critical habitat it provides for thousands of species, including the Salt River wild horses.
We greatly appreciate the open line of communication with the Forest Supervisor as well as with those fighting the fire – including the awesome helicopter crew who gave us fascinating insight into the fire’s progression and the efforts to contain it.
While the fire spread from 20 acres to 200 acres in a matter of hours, and later consumed 800 acres, it was not threatening structures or people and was not the only wildfire burning in Arizona. Yet, you did not take any chances with the Tonto National Forest and we are so grateful for that.
Hotshot firefighter crews battled until 1 a.m. on Tuesday night and on Wednesday, our people stationed at Goldfield, cheered loudly when we saw the green helicopter take off with the bambi bucket. Soon after that the black clouds turned to white and later to small puffs floating here and there. At that point we could, quite literally, breathe again.
For you brave men, we are aware that every time you go into a fire, you face danger and unpredictability and are risking your lives. We know this all too well, as one of our volunteer members is Amanda Marsh. Amanda is the widow of Eric Marsh, the superintendent of the Granite Mountain Hotshots who so tragically perished in the Yarnell Hill Fire in 2013. Amanda Marsh wants us to let you know that Eric, who loved the wild horses, would have been proud of the work that you have done to protect the Tonto National Forest from the Cactus Fire.
Not only did you protect our people, but also you stopped the fire from killing countless wild animals and destroying their habitat.
We are pleased to report that all Salt River wild horses have been located and are safe, including a very pregnant mare we were monitoring. She gave birth to a healthy foal Wednesday morning, less than a half a mile from where the fire was raging. We named the new colt “Cactus Fire.”
Despite facing many human-caused challenges, the Tonto National Forest remains one of the most bountiful and magnificent pieces of “wild” we have left in Arizona. We recognize how lucky we are to have this amazing natural resource in our backyard.”
The Salt River Wild Horse Management Group is an Arizona non-profit organization dedicated to protect, monitor and study the Salt River wild horses. The SRWHMG has documented the herd for almost twenty years and has been spearheading the effort to secure lasting protections for this iconic and beloved wild horse herd in the Tonto National Forest.There’s a lovely review of To Dream on Olfactoria’s Travels today — thank you Birgit! I love how she writes, “This is a perfume of a woman who has seen it all, she knows that life is more than roses and violets, but she still sees and appreciates their beauty, and is able to let them stand pretty, alongside the inevitable darkness.” 🙂
I’ve been working on printing all the labels for the shea cream jars. I finished the tops but am still working on the ingredient labels for the bottoms. The Fig Tree is going to be great in lotion and shea cream. The Amber I had blended with the intention of lotion and shea cream turned out to be too light for the shea — the cream smothered it. I’m reworking that formula, beefing it up so it’ll stand up to the cream. I had wanted to get the shea on the site by tomorrow, but it’ll be a few more days. I should have the Fig Tree edp out soon too — I’m just working on the first batch and waiting for a kilo of something before I can do a bigger batch.
We had the first rain of the season the last few days. Sure feels like fall all of a sudden.
Congratulations on the completion of Fig Tree, Laurie! I know that fig perfume lovers are going to one to try this one.
a:)
Thanks Ann! My needed kilo arrived Friday so I’m in good shape now for Fig batching.
I’m looking forward to getting the Fig Tree in the body cream or lotion. The amber sounds good too–I hope you can work it out.
Nice review of To Dream!
Hi AnnC,
Thanks!
I’ll offer samples of the lotion and cream in the new scents so you can test first. I found an ingredient with a yummy caramel ambery scent that starts strong and softens, and it really helps the amber get off to a better start in the shea. I’m just adjusting the dose to see how much is needed. Also trying tolu balsam and/or benzoin because both seem to stand up to the shea better than the labdanum so far. I may use some of all three. I may put all the shea cream scents up except for the amber to test it longer, but I’ll see.No Featured content yet.
Welcome Ask Addie to HubPages
Looks like Ask Addie doesn't have any Featured articles on HubPages to share yet. Now's your chance to inspire, encourage, and welcome Ask Addie to the amazing HubPages community. Follow Ask Addie to show your support and get updates on new content Ask Addie publishes.Lawyer from Universidad del Rosario. Specialist in Administrative Law and in Contract Law of the same Universidad del Rosario. Also a specialist in Mining and Energy Law of Universidad Externado.
Currently, he is a Secretary of the roaster of secretaries of the Center of Arbitration and Conciliation of the Chamber of Commerce of Bogotá. Member of the Editorial and Academic Board of the Legal Topics magazine. Member of the Class Actions Team of Universidad del Rosario. (GAP for the Spanish initials).
Senior commercial lawyer at Cenit Transporte y Logística de Hidrocarburos S.A.S. (March 2013 – January 2016). Legal Advisor in Talisman Colombia Oil & Gas Ltd (January 2015). Exploration and production lawyer at Pacific Rubiales Energy (August 2010 – January 2011). Worked in the area of hydrocarbons and hydrocarbon related litigation and conflict resolution by domestic and international arbitration at Gamboa & Chalela Abogados (December 2005 – August 2010). This is among other jobs.Designer blouses have been a part of the fashion industry and have dominated the market since years. At blousedesign.co.in, we have a wide selection of designer blouses for women. Some of the trendy selection at blousedesign.co.in are boat neck blouse, princess cut blouse, backless blouse, high neck blouse and much more. The company spokesperson said, “ours is the best quality of silk blouses we offer, with an assurance of pure silk in all our products.”
The online promotions of blousedesign.co.in ensure the customers get 10% instant discount through their Facebook and Twitter. The first customer discount by entering email is a direct 20% at all products, including blouses. For years, blousedesign.co.in has been delivering its customers with great and high quality products with the most pocket friendly rates.
Video Link:
What’s more! Logging onto this site can help the customers to find huge collection of blouse designs that they are sure to get excited. The collection is constantly updated by the company and this is what has been attracting new customers in huge numbers to visit the site and make their purchase.
The manager of the company said “we ensure to always have the latest designs and variety of colors and patterns of blouse designs in stock. This way, our customers can benefit buying something new, each time they visit the site.” The images of the blouses posted show very clearly the type of designer blouses sold. The online shopper can easily come across beautiful, well designed, blouse designs from this site. It can be purchased for self use or for gifting purpose.
Silk sarees has had its origin in Kanjivaram, a small district in the state of Tamil Nadu. Since then, it has become a globally demand product that can be found of different types, ranges and budget. With Kanjivaram silk sarees demand. Silk saree blouses have retained its significance even in today’s changing times and the demand is only seen to be soaring everywhere. Indians who have located to foreign countries like Australia, U.K., the U.S., Canada, etc. are spreading this fashion everywhere.
The website has steadily built a positive online reputation as an elite designer and fashion apparel portal by selling high quality silk clothing. Ultimately, the company’s goal is to provide customers with the very best products in accordance with the changing fashion times and needs. With a guarantee on all its products, lastly the company senior manager stated, “all our silk products are of the purest quality ensuring we always get positive feedback from our clients.”
Prospective customers are always encouraged to browse our website at blousedesign.co.in and pick their favorite collection.
Media ContactCompany Name: Blousedesign.co.inContact Person: AnjaliEmail: Send EmailPhone: 09677063537Address:12 Gandhi Road City: KanchipuramState: Tamil NaduCountry: IndiaWebsite:Pride & Prejudice
* (Has redeeming facet)
Directed by Joe Wright
Screenplay by Deborah Moggach
With Keira Knightley, Matthew Macfayden, Rosamund Pike, Jena Malone, Donald Sutherland, Brenda Blethyn, and Judi Dench.. Without him, what happens between Darcy and Lizzie has no weight. In the film he's an uninteresting twink with just a few scenes, and the tension between Lizzie and Darcy is reduced to the prosaic question of "does he like me?"
Lizzie's pragmatic older friend Charlotte Lucas meets a similar fate. Her reasons for marrying the horrid Mr. Collins (security, resignation) are ratcheted up in all sorts of awkwardly feminist ways, obscuring the enormity of her decision, Lizzie's bittersweet acceptance of it, and the sadness and nastiness that lurks beneath it all. The film tucks the whole affair away in about two minutes.
Another major change is the shift in the story's tone from Regency to romantic--its Bront'f. Collins goes from hilarious snob to twitchy lil' perv; Jane, Lizzie's beloved older sister, is bland, rather than sweet; Bingley, her suitor and Darcy's best friend, dopey instead of sincere; Miss Bingley, his sister, all Dynasty bitchy instead of pathetically mean. Flighty, semitragic Lydia (Jena Malone), the second-youngest Bennet daughter, is reduced to a giggly, screeching mess. Mr. Bennet (Donald Sutherland, all mellifluous Volvo-selling voice) morphs from distant yet sweet to a bemused, engaged father. When he finds out it was Darcy who paid his daughter Lydia's dowry, he cries earnestly, "I must pay him back!";.
And what of Lizzie, perhaps the most beloved female character in fiction? Lizzie is intelligent and feeling, perspicacious in ways that make it seem like she's reaching a hand from the past to pull you in. But it's this very quality in which filmmakers find license to have their way with her. Instead of a specific character, a creation of the early 19th century, she's everywoman, cast with a nod to current fashion.
In this case Knightley is the same age as Elizabeth Bennet, but she seems far too young, with the expressive range of a chipmunk. Her Lizzie is Hollywood skinny, she mugs for her family and the camera, and she displays a wholly contemporary, entitled sense of her place in the world. Lizzie's thoughtfulness, even temper, and sense of propriety, as well as her juice and liveliness are all muted. All that's left is Knightley's face, and that itself isn't always "too pretty," to address one issue critics have raised about her performance. In fact, she's almost a stick figure, with very strangely placed lips--like the singing orange with the rubber-band mouth on Sesame Street. In the scene where she first rejects Darcy's proposal, her body grows still as her lips keep moving and I couldn't help think of the hypnotic way Jack Nicholson becomes just a mouth ranting in a frozen face in the climactic you-can't-handle-the-truth scene of A Few Good Men.
But there's another problem with this film. It's been less than ten years since the last remake, a five-hour BBC miniseries that was A&E's highest-rated series ever in the U.S. and made a huge star out of Colin Firth. But even if you're not savoring the memory of Firth all dripping wet from his dip in the lake, this version severely tests an unwritten law about the speed at which films should be remade. In the trailer, over the image of whirling dancing Regency feet, a stentorian voice proclaims, "From the beloved author of Emma and Sense and Sensibility comes [blah, blah] . . .. It's a fitfully engaging romance, it's just not Pride and Prejudice.
The film does have occasional moments despite agonies like the line in the final scene in which Lizzie tells Darcy he can call her a "goddess divine," making the installation of Pride and Prejudice as the chick-lit urtext complete. A lot of critics are cheering it, especially for its "energy" (often code for "This film didn't bore me with period details"). The more-than-half hilarious sight of Darcy striding over the dew-covered meadow at the denouement is yummy, and Knightley can be genuinely charming. Mrs. Bennet (Brenda Blethyn), who is sometimes interpreted as relentlessly shrill, is better than usual. And the technical sophistication of current period films is impressive, down to the last beautifully lit shot of 19th-century textiles and surging bit of pseudoclassical score. But small domestic stories like Pride and Prejudice, through which you can see the whole world, are too vulnerable as targets for unworthy remakes: No huge fiscal demands other than kicking aristos out of their country homes for a summer of filming. No expensive costuming issues except covering up all those Pilates arms. No creatures to CGI. And no living author to scream about the violation of her art.Transcendental Meditation
Rebuilding on the Beatles, an Ashram in India Hopes for Revival.<p>There was George Harrison, a devoted follower of Transcendental …Travel
Suffering from PTSD? Try this technique tested on war veterans in Vietnam and Somalia
Just 20 minutes of meditation twice a day may reduce symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in older adults, suggests a recent …Psychology
Meditation is taking over Wall Street and Silicon Valley — here's how to start a daily habit
• <b>Over the last several years, meditation has surged in popularity in Wall Street and Silicon Valley.</b>• <b><br>Even though it's trendy, it's still a scientifically proven way to alleviate stress.</b>• <b><br>Apps like Headspace are useful for learning the basics.</b>• <b><br>To develop a habit, it's important to set aside as little as</b> …Self-improvement
Oprah Winfrey Helped Create Our American Fantasyland
Oprah Winfrey gave national platforms and legitimacy to all sorts of magical thinking.Photo illustration by<i> Slate</i>. Photos by OWN Network, Cindy …Oprah Winfrey
How Graffiti Artists Used iPhones and Paint to Transform the Beatles’ Ashram
Miles Toland describes how he captured Indian street scenes on his phone and recreated them as giant murals that same day<p>Comment on this StoryPsychology
FIGHTER PILOT WHO FLEW LAST COMBAT MISSION IN WWII DIES AT 93
FIGHTER PILOT WHO FLEW LAST COMBAT MISSION IN WWII DIES AT 93<p>By Charlsy Panzino<p>The fighter pilot known for flying the last combat mission of World …Military
Op …Psychology
Anatomy Class ‘More Memorable’ With Knitted Eyeballs, Organs
Daniel Lam learned to knit in eighth grade – to impress a girl.<p>Though the tactic didn’t work (“I never talked to her again,” he admits), he kept at …University of Chicago
Silicon Valley's Hypocritical Spirituality
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey is the latest example of the tech industry exploiting Eastern religions.<p>On January 1, as we marched into a new year hopeful and hungover, Twitter’s CEO Jack Dorsey laid one on thick.<p>But his expression of performative spirituality came at the exact wrong time, the day before …Silicon Valley
The Ashram Where the Beatles Sought Enlightenment
Beach Boys singer Mike Love recalls what it was like to be at the Indian locale, which remains a destination for fans of music and meditation<p>Comment …Psychology
18 Books Everyone Will Be Reading in 2018
The most productive, wealthy and highly efficient people devote at least 30 minutes a day to reading. If it works for them, it could work for you. …Success
How to Do Transcendental Meditation and Instantly Ease Stress
Meditation is thought to support both emotional and physical well-being. The highly effective practice, rooted in the ancient Vedic tradition of …Meditation
10 Natural Adderall Alternatives for Treating ADHD
Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder or ADHD is a common problem amongst adults and children alike. ADHD is most commonly treated with a drug, …ADHD
Jerry Yellin, Who Flew The Last Combat Mission Of World War II, Dies At 93
(JTA) — Jerry Yellin, who flew the last combat mission of World War II and later helped fellow veterans overcome their trauma, has died.<p>Yellin died …Jewish Culture
Fighter pilot who flew last combat mission of WWII dies at 93
<b>By Harrison Smith | Washington Post</b><p>The last combat mission of World War II began Aug. 15, 1945, when fighter pilot Jerry Yellin and his wingman, …Military History
3 Easy Meditation Techniques for Your Self-Care Routine
Ask anyone what meditation looks like and you’ll get a wide range of answers. For some, it’s as simple as sitting still with their eyes closed for …Meditation …Yoga
Kelly Oxford New Year's Resolutions 2018
So you bailed on the gym, your budget and, well, pretty much all of last year’s goals. Kelly Oxford reflects on how to get it right in 2018.<p>2017 came …Lifestyle (Canada)
2018 Top Yoga Destinations
Yes, India is still on top. But it is so big that it was only fair to give due credit to the specific regions of the country. Ibiza brings so many …Costa Rica
Better health begins with you—and it starts at the Emerson Hospital Integrative Health & Wellness Center. Our Healthy Living Program has classes for all ages and skill levels, and also offers local discounts and savings.
Stress Management and Resiliency Training (SMART)<p>Developed by the Benson-Henry Institute for Mind Body Medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital, …Wellness
How is Transcendental Meditation different from mindfulness?
Mindfulness meditation, often associated with Vipassana (a Buddhist practice), is generally considered to be a form of "open monitoring"—watching …Yoga
How to Meditate, According to Russell Simmons
Russell Simmons, the man who brought the music of Run-DMC, LL Cool J, and the Beastie Boys (among many others) to the mainstream with Def Jam …Meditation
A New Science for Peace
Agenda<p>Welcome<p><b>Jeffrey Abramson</b>, Co-founder, Rona and Jeffrey Abramson Center for Peace<p><b>Candy Crowley</b>, Former anchor, CNN’s “State of the Nation with …Transcendentalism
'Magical Mystery Tour': Inside Beatles' Psychedelic Album Odyssey
The movie was a flop, but the album was full of historic singles and inspired experiments<p>The year leading up to the release of the <i>Magical Mystery …Music
David Lynch has a cool line of 'Meditating Eye' jewelry
<i>Expandable Necklace</i><p>Director David Lynch is an avid meditator. His twice daily Transcendental Meditation (TM) practice spans over 40 years. In fact, …Meditation
A Day with Legendary Dealer Guy Regal
The trusted source for Bunny Williams, Ellie Cullman, and more star designers<p>What decorating source do design legends Bunny Williams, Ellie Cullman, and Alexa Hampton have in common? Though top-tier designers can sometimes be tight-lipped about their sources, this one we know for sure: Guy Regal, …Regal
An AI Thanksgiving Proclamation
We live in metaphysically desolate times. An increasing number of us—particularly among the millennial generation—now reject Christianity and other …Anthony Levandowski
After interviewing 140 people at the top of their fields, Tim Ferriss realized almost all of them share the same habit
• <b>For his new book "Tribe of Mentors," bestselling author and star podcast host Tim Ferriss sent 11 questions to 140 people at the top of their fields.</b>• <b><br>He found that regardless of industry, the vast majority of respondents had a mindfulness or meditation practice.</b>• <b><br>He meditates every morning for 20</b> …Self-improvement
David Lynch Designed A Jewelry Line With Proceeds Going To Charity
Meet <b>David Lynch</b>, cult American film director, music festival organizer and, as of now, jewelry designer.<p>(via <b>giphy</b>)<p>Inspired by the Transcendental …Meditation- A few weeks ago, I was working on my usual Halloween reading: ghost stories of Texas. I love ghost stories and I know many of the local ones. [...]
Historic Texas: Crystal CanyonNovember 14, 2015
- I’m so proud of my gals! As a team of eight, we walked across Texas (830 miles) in only six weeks! Snce we still have two weeks left in [...]
Walking across TexasNovember 14, 2015Min Li
contact information
links
profile<! -- ========================== PAGE CONTENT ========================== ->
Min Li currently is a Research Staff Member within Scalable NLP group at IBM Almaden Research Center. Her research interests span areas of data integration, large scale data analytics and distributed and operating systems. She is pationate about systems research in these areas.
She currently focuses on large scale entity resolution. She is working on performance optimization and active learning of HIL, a high level declarative language for entity population and resolution.
Before joining the Scalable NLP group, she worked on performance optmization, benchmarking of data analytic platforms including MapReduce and Spark.
She received her Ph. D. from Computer Science department of Virginia Tech in May 2014. During her Ph.D study, she was a member of DSSL led by Dr. Ali. R. Butt at Virginia Tech. She was a recipient of IBM PhD Fellowship for two consecutive years (2012 - 2013).
You can find more details in the LinkedIn profile.Shri Yogesh Varhade, Chief adviser and founder of ACJP in 1991 in North America, has 40 years of contribution in the field of Human Rights, out of which 20 years in United Nations alone. He has been principally responsible through ACJP Platform, to educate primarily on Caste to a global civil society. He is also the consultant on Millenium Development Goals as set by United Nation.
The chief patron of the organization is an eminent Justice Dr. K. Ramaswamy who is a former Justice of Supreme Court of India and former Member of NHRC.
Another patron is Justice Mr. Anant Mane who is a former judge of Mumbai High Court and former Chairman of Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission.
> Kishor Kamble as National Ptresident of ACJP
> Dr S.K. Gajbhiye as National General Secretary
> Nagsen Sonare as National advisor
There are many human rights advocates and lawyers attached with the organization giving voluntary services to the organization for promotion and protection of human rights.
Along with this, it has very dedicated volunteers all over the state working for promotion and protection of human rights at grass root level.
Organization has large and noticeable presence in large parts of India who are providing complimentary services to the efforts of the governments to implement laws, rules and orders related to the human rights, constitutional rights and various welfare measures.
Download > ACJP Track Record, Projects undertaken by the agency in last three yearsI’m not really one for posting just for posting’s sake, and I did at least conceptually want to go for a couple of days or more between posts, but I felt like sharing the fact that my family house got flooded this morning. The water has subsided though somewhat, this evening, and if it doesn’t rain tonight and for the next couple of days or so I am predicting that we’ll be home free and everything will be all right again.
Flooding still persist though, throughout several spots in Jakarta, Bandung, and other cities throughout Indonesia. They did predict the rainy season to reach its peek this month in February this year. Though the last time that the flood water actually reached into our house was about seven, eight years ago if I recall correctly.
If I had sworn off all other social media services except Ello I might have just that tiny bit more justification for posting this post & photo here tonight, but as it is I’m still on FB, Twitter, G+, Path, Pinterest, etc.,etc., so my bases are covered and it’s not like I really have to post here tonight.
But here I am, and here’s this post.
Anyways have a good day/night everyone, wherever you are in the World when you’re reading this.
When I realised this morning that it is indeed only one month until Christmas I suddenly felt a cloud of panic come over me. Not because we’re unprepared for the big day, we are indeed prepared for then. But because we are not prepared for the 1st! Which is only 6 days away. Eek.
What’s happening on the first I hear you say? Well actually it’s the start of our festive calendar, ho ho ho…
…our days out, weekends taken over by a mix of lazy pyjama days and activities of course. Where we spend time as Our Little Family but also where we see friends, we eat too much, we drink too much. Where life becomes a rather nice kind of busy. Hence why our Christmas shopping is done and all wrapped before then!
Before we get wrapped up in all the festive fun I really do need to get my bum into gear. Here is my to-do list of all things to be ticked off before the 1st…
- To wrap and tag all of the books for Lil G’s Reading Advent Calendar
- Decide what fun our Elf ‘Buddy’ is going to be getting up to. If you are joining in with the tradition that is ‘The Elf on the Shelf’ and need some inspiration then do pop over to my Pinterest board
- Collect and decorate our Christmas trees, you can read all about our love for a real tree here and here
- Begin making Lil G’s Christmas cards for his friends (We are very excited about this)
- Now that we have found our Christmas cards (finally) I now need to write them, which is a mammoth task as I like to write a personal message in each one… Eek
- Find a Christmas card for Mr H… Double Eek
- Decide on my outfit for Lil G’s Nativity Play on the 5th… Eek Eek Eek
Despite being all over Christmas since July, 110% all over it since September I must, I must, I must improve my organisation skills.
How are your plans coming along?
KA x
It is so close, and I haven’t really done anything. My SIL does all the cooking though, so just decorating and pressies that I need to worry about. Thanks for linking up to #TheList x
Only a month?! Eeeeek. I’m excited too 🙂 Enjoy the 1st and all your December fun! Jess xx #thelist
LikeLiked by 1 person
I’m pretty organised this year.
I have the advent calendar filled and my son’s calendar ready to go too.
The only thing I am left to do is my advent decoration with 4 candles. Each candle represents every Sunday advent.
Great reminder of everything I need to do #thelist
LikeLiked by 1 person
I can’t believe it’s now less than a month away! Must get advent calendars! #TheList
LikeLiked by 1 person- /wp-content/uploads/2013/08/about-01.jpg
- /wp-content/uploads/2013/09/shutterstock_47272894.jpg
- /wp-content/uploads/2013/09/boilerabout.jpg
Welcome to Greenserve
We are a medium sized customer-focused business providing a wide range of property maintenance services to homeowners, landlords and commercial customers throughout London and the Greater London area: plumbing, electrical, gas and heating system installation, repair and maintenance. The entire team is dedicated to the highest standards of workmanship and customer service, constantly looking to keep up to date with the latest technology, regulations and practices.Twoo dating spam - A Year Of Spam: The Twoo Experience | TechCrunch
Facebook Settings can be confusing @twoo using picture aged 15 this whole time. This article helps you fix your facebook settings to maximize privacy and functionality … Twoo, “the fastest growing place meet new people,” has been spamming people for over a year search “twoo spam” twitter. Users have complaining that they get unsolicited european majority which owned iac, $25 million december 2012. I wanted delete some messages from my messenger, but can`t find any options do so you must log continue. Is there way how it? are social networking service, is sending unwanted their contacts log into facebook. Co-founder CEO Lorenz Bogaert counters in watch meme trope popular culture. Twoo just tropes are not bad, neither memes per se. A Year Of Spam: The media company owning digital brands such as dating community Twoo and true, old 9001st do agree with s. chat always lists me being on mobile even when i`m not online experiences trustpilot. My friends don`t know I`m online not put onto down single looking in. How i this? What the network Twoo? Update Cancel view okcupid’s policy personal information we collect. decided use large chunk of it sign users up its dating join or into email phone. seen top tree u see why password free stunning ios app workswith 10 active people, kind the. received spam in gmail unread twoo will drag phone. Meetic an service founded November 2001 according jupiterresearch, europe. It became publicly quoted October 2005 also android, iphone windows phone app. was by Marc Simoncini search, play fun introductory games. chat, share photos people think about share shopping experience hear what 2 customers said twoomail. Free join com twoo. Also available iPhone, Android other devices com type casual dating, application potential. Massive Media publishing Twoo random years. com, largest site world according comScore offers daily posts user-submitted examples bad code software design. @Kasia_Twoo consumer complaints reviews citrus heights, california. Website twoo spam. com invloved in: Spam online dating services 2013, acquired stepout, had become very india, having 2008 us ignighter , focused group dates. @Twoo twoo. Life all about com. They don t feel complete single, choose devotion passion, believe would happy finances i. Blog am consumer victim site. twoo | login twooo twoolbox twoon twood twoonie twoo-cseveges twoodles twooping twoone twoom probably used identity paid bills just eat till die financially. s another mail Twoo! - look so smart, spended money find. @Twoo using picture aged 15 this whole time
Twoo dating spam
Twoo dating spam
oracaopoderosa.infoI hope everyone had a lovely half term break and are ready for an exciting final term before the Summer holidays.
This week we have been learning all about plant life cycles and looking at different plants. We have also been learning about algorithms and how they work. In Literacy we have been looking at Harry Potter and the Harry Potter with the aim of making an exciting report about the tour and what things we could look forward to if we went and saw it. In maths we have been learning all about equivalent fractions as well as being able to add and subtract them.CANADIAN DAILY STOCK REPORT
Perpetual Energy Inc. (TSX:PMT), Canada's 58th largest Oil & gas - exploration & production company by market cap, has jumped 8.5% after hitting the lower Bollinger Band twice in the last ten days. This is a bullish signal. The lower Bollinger Band marks the trajectory of support on a stock price. The stock price has jumped 13.0c (8.5%) from its last trading session of March 02 to close at CAD1.66. Compared with the S&P/TSX 60 Index which rose 4.4 points (0.5%)
RelSci News & Alerts gets you:If you are searching for the ebook The Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat: History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Health in pdf format, in that case you come onto the right website. We present the utter variation of this ebook in txt, DjVu, ePub, PDF, doc forms. You can read The Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat: History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat: History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Health pdf, in that case you come on to the faithful site. We have The Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat: History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Health DjVu, PDF, ePub, txt, doc formats.We will be glad if you go back anew.
Isbndb.com t.f.h. publications - publisher info
feeding, handling, health, breeding Kelsey-Wood, Dennis Guide to owning a Bengal cat: history, Mill, Jean S. Publisher: T.F.H. Publications.
systematic sequential phonics they use: for beginning readers of all ages.pdf
Issuu - paws & claws magazine spring issue 24 by
Paws & Claws Magazine Spring Issue 24. Health Perhaps because of its long history, remarried and was Mrs Jean Mill. She now lived in Covina, Cat Breed Above:
leon trotsky speaks.pdf
The guide to owning frog - alibris marketplace
The Guide to Owning Frog by Jerry G Walls - Find this book online from $0.99. Get new, rare & used books at our marketplace. Save money & smile!
shabbat school is cool.pdf
Jean s. mill (author of guide to owning a bengal
Jean S. Mill is the author of Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat Jean S. Mill s History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Health 3.86 of 5 stars 3.86 avg rating
the one year bible for women nlt.pdf
Tfh publications - publisher contact information
TFH Publications is a publisher of children's books. Cover Revealed For Kathryn Purdie s Debut Novel - Galley Cat The Guide to Owning Gol Conures
living at the crossroads: an introduction to christian worldview.pdf
Bengal cat breed profile | metaphorical platypus
Chocolate s Health Benefits; the Bengal is a relatively new breed. Bengal Cat History. Mill, J.S. (1999). Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat.
starting an online business for dummies.pdf
Cat breeds | cats, chaos and confusion
The Bengal cat is a distinct, unique breed Jean Sudgen, now Mrs. Jean Mill, The Burmilla is a beautiful medium sized shorthaired cat of foreign type, showing
plant design and economics for chemical engineers.pdf
Cat facts
The other colors were not qualified for showing or breeding, Bengal cats are a new breed, Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat by Jean S. Mill .
cinema.pdf
The guide to owning a bengal cat: history,
Read the book The Guide To Owning A Bengal Cat: History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Health by Jean S. Mill online or Preview the book, service provided by Openisbn
melbourne city journal, city notebook for melbourne, australia.pdf
Ragmeister ragdolls - guide to owning ragdoll cat
Ragmeister Ragdolls book -- the Guide to Owning a Ragdoll Cat. We have kittens ready for new homes! Guaranteed healthy. Read reviews from happy customers!
dynasties: a global history of power, 1300-1800.pdf
Felidae ; cats | professor paul' s nature
Felidae ;Cats. Cheetah; Acinonyx The LaPerm is a recognized breed of cat. A LaPerm s fur is Most Bengal cats used in Serengeti programs are many generations
Bengal cat breed guide - vetstreet.com is the
History of the Bengal. Jean S. Mill began the Bengal breeding program in What You Need To Know About Bengal Health. All cats have the potential to develop
Choosing the right bengal breeder - bengal cat
Some recommended informative books on the breed are: Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat Jean Mill The Bengal Cat Choosing The Right Bengal Breeder.
Big cat killings, big cat maulings, big cat
It said the attack occurred at the zoo s breeding facility (Why is he showing cats when he knows Owning an exotic cat as a pet is illegal in GA
The ultimate golden retriever by foss 1998
1.The Ultimate Golden RetrieverEdited by Valerie Foss - 1997 - Howell Book House - 256 pages - Hardcover. 2.Guide To Owning A Golden Retrieverby Joanne P. Huxley
Guide to owning a bengal cat: jean s. mill:
Guide To Owning a Bengal Cat is breeding, spay and neuter, and what normal health Interesting to read about the Bengal's history, breeding and character.
Cats, cat breeds, pictures of cats, and more
Breed Bans I got my Bengal Cat, The Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat: History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Health. by: Jean S. Mill. Amazon Price: $76.74
Some bengal cat health problems you might not know
In Asia, there was a time when the Asian Leopard Cat made it to the endangered species list, but now they are out in the wild still thriving. At home, there is a
Cat breeds and cat pictures - hubpages
cat breed pictures below as History. The Bengal cat is a very distinctive spotted cat. The breed was developed in the USA in the 1960s and 1970s by Mrs Jean
Breeding cats bengal cats breed
animal","pet","animals","mating","mate","mate 1","soul mates","check mate","extinct species","breeding games","animal breeding","funny pet videos","wildlife pictures
Guide to owning a bengal cat : history, character
Get this from a library! Guide to owning a Bengal cat : history, character, breeding, showing, health. [Jean S Mill]
Guide to owning goldfish - alibris marketplace
Guide to Owning Goldfish by Spencer Glass - Find this book online from $1.40. Get new, rare & used books at our marketplace. Save money & smile!
Issuu - kittycat issue 6 november|december 2014 by
Kittycat Issue 6 November|December 2014. Online magazine for people that are passionate about cats
Bengal cats: a complete pet owner s manual
Complete Owner's Guide to Bengal Cat and Kitten Care: Jean S. Mill. 4. showing, breeding as well as various health problems.
Bengal cats by dan rice, dvm, dvm rice - new,
Bengal Cats by Dan Rice, DVM, The Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat: History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Health. by Jean S Mill.
The guide to owning dwarf rabbits ( guide to
"The Guide to owning Dwarf Rabbits" is a good basic guide to the first time rabbit owner. This book covers topics like Housing, feeding and health.
Guide to owning a persian cat: juliet seymour:
Guide to Owning a Persian Cat [Juliet Seymour] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. One reviewer wrote: I think this book is a great Help to anyone
Guide to owning a bengal cat by jean s. mill |
Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat [NOOK Book] by; Jean S. Mill; Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat Pub. You'll also learn about the history and breed standard.
Domestic tiger cats are a unique exotic breed of
this domestic cat, bred to resemble a tiger in body, History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Health Domestic Bengal Cats: an Exotic Cat Breed EDITOR'S CHOICE;
Mill, Jean S. Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat Bateman, Teresa Red, White, History's Loudest Volcano (People Who Care for Our Health) Elijah's Angel
A practical guide to owning fewer clothes -
Consider for just a moment how your life would look different if you owned fewer clothes:
The guide to owning a bengal cat: history,
The Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat: History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Health: Amazon.de: Jean S. Mill: Fremdsprachige B cher
A new breed of bengal cat - world news
animal","pet","animals","mating","mate","mate 1","soul mates","check mate","extinct species","breeding games","animal breeding","funny pet videos","wildlife pictures
Category: cats - pets info center
The Bengal cat breed of today can be traced back to cats bred by Jean S. Mill in quiet cats. Health Issues. The Bengal cat breed is cat s history
Amazon.com: customer reviews: the guide to owning
Find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for The Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat: History, Character, Breeding, Showing, Health at Amazon.com. Read honest and
Article: guide to owning goldfish - pet pages
If you re after a first pet or even just a pet that is low in maintenance but fun to keep, you can t go past the not so humble goldfish. Goldfish are famed for
Toyger cat breed profile | metaphorical platypus
Bengal Cat Breed Profile; Toyger Cat History. The Toyger breed was developed in the 1980s by Judy Sugden (daughter of Jean Mill, who created the Bengal cat breed).
Bengal cat facts | bengal cat world
most notably Jean Sugden Mill, so you are breeding one Bengal cat to Without knowing her history, it s difficult to say how likely it was she
Guide bengal - abebooks
guide bengal. Sie suchten nach: Guide to Owning a Bengal Cat. Mill, Jean S. Verlag: TFH Publications (1997) ISBN 10: 0793821681 ISBN 13: 9780793821686.
Guide to owning series | barnes & noble
Barnes & Noble Classics: Buy 2, Get the 3rd FREE; Pre-Order Harper Lee's Go Set a Watchman; 40% Off Thousands of DVDs & Blu-rays; Available Now: Grey: Fifty Shades of“The solution is understanding. If you don’t understand the world, then there is nothing you can change besides yourself.” - Hank Green
This is the third time I've written a first draft for this essay. The first time, my premise wasn't specific enough. The second time, I didn't have a clear premise. This time, I have a premise and it's specific, but it's too specific (either that or I'm too concise) so I'm ready to write a conclusion but need another page and a half.
So I was reading something on Neil Gaiman's website about how he believes books have genders, not necessarily determined by that of the main character. I thought it was very interesting. However, I don't know what the gender of The Clockwork Experiment would be and it's much to early to do anything with Ishaera because it needs so much of the literary equivalent of plastic surgery (plus it's still in the metaphorical womb) that no one will recognize it when its done. Ergo, I'm not going to talk about that. I mention it only because it made me think of the thing I am going to talk about.
Last spring, after I took my Creative Writing exam but before I got it back, I was sad that I wasn't going to get it back. I wanted that synopsis, query letter, and first chapter.
I sat down with a piece of paper, thinking that I could just write the chapter again. After all, if I wrote it that way once, wouldn't writing the same thing again produce close to the same thing? I was the same person, with the same brain and the same intent.
It didn't work. Not only did the writing come out drastically differently, but the words simply wouldn't flow, which led me to the conclusion that despite being the same consciousness inhabiting the same body that was sitting here a minute ago, I'm a different person than I used to be, so any writing I do won't turn out the same.
So I don't know any of you, really. I just know people very similar to you.
On an entirely unrelated note, I watched Stardust Wednesday night, and I loved it. The only parts I thought were stupid were the unicorn and the fact that he became king. Of course, I saw that last one coming from the moment it was announced that the king was dying, but it bothered me anyway. I have a theory the act of becoming king makes awesome characters become decidedly less so. Take Aragorn, for example. (Movie Aragorn, anyway. Just assume I always mean Movie Lord of the Rings Thing). He morphed from "Awesome Ranger Guy" to "Boring King."
Captain Shakespeare...he was so cool.
I definitely intend to get the book out of the library as soon as I've read the one about West African Spirituality I have out now. No time for more than one book at once, at the moment.
Talk to me.Besides the book, we have FIVE of the real quilts in the book for our 1st TRUNK SHOW! Drop by the store to see them, or wait a few days and maybe by then I'll have the 3 that I'm working on done- or at least the tops done! AND, on Saturday, Sept 15, we'll be having a small quilt show at the Train Depot in Ardmore. That Saturday is Fiesta Oklahoma in Downtown Ardmore. Y'all come!
Here's one of tops I'm working on-- it was SO easy to cut out. I can't wait to get to quilt on it & fill all those colors with different patterns!
Here's a close up showing a little more of what that gray print is like. Not sure yet whether I'll like the quilt. Sometimes they have to grow on me. Sometimes I don't like them until they're quilted because they develop a personality as the texture is added. And yeah, sometimes I don't like them even when they're done! I don't think this will be one of those, though.
I did actually get to quilt some today-- after helping my sister with her cats and her bath. This was almost like coloring with crayons! Great fun!
1 comment:
Love that quilting!deSims 2 neighborhood decorations
(1/1)
TigressPS:
I search hard, but I can't find how to create neighborhood decorations for Sims 2. So, can you help me.
Is it possible to make SimCity 4 objects like Sims 2 decorations?
Sorry for my bad English 2blush
miros1:
I'm curious too -- I'd love to convert all the new animals for a veldt 'hood....
Theraven:
You figure out how to extract the meshes and textures from SC4, and use these to make the new NBhood deco (finding a tutorial on the how-to might be an idea).
Then again, it might be a bit difficult, as (from here)
Quote
Unfortunately SimCity4 doesn't have meshes for the buildings, it's just made of 2D sprites like Sims 1. So they are only suitable for viewing in a game where you get 4 fixed viewing angles.
No idea about the animals or other things, as I don't have the game myself.
Navigation
[0] Message IndexA few years ago, Heather placed first in a contest when I only finaled. We both found our agents around the same time and went through rounds of revisions. Her novel sold, and mine... um, still waiting. Jealousy? No. Kick in the pants inspiration? Yes. Heather's winning entry in that contest blew me away and motivated me to dig deeper into my craft. She's had her share of setbacks, but she persevered and encouraged me every step of the way. I hope her success story inspires you too.
Tell us about your book and your journey to publication.
I’ve been writing for children for over fourteen years. Whew! That seems like a long time, but in this business, it’s not really that long. I had mentored with a poet in college and had been a writer for TV, newsprint, and marketing, but I had to sharpen my children’s/YA writing skills. So I attended a trillion conferences, took various classes, and published some short stories for young children before I discovered I’m truly comfortable in a sixteen-year-old’s voice.
I wrote the first version of my Contemporary Realistic YA novel, currently titled RIPPLE, back in 2008. It was a very personal book that introduced teens dealing with some rarely discussed compulsions and struggles. I received some attention from it back then at conferences, but the comments on it were that it was long, wordy, and needed serious tightening. By the time I’d finished editing, TWILIGHT was out and paranormal was all the rage, so when I pitched it at conferences again, editors and agents wanted to know, “Is there a fairy in it? A werewolf? Living gargoyles?”
Alas, it was just about a girl with some real-life issues, which made it a tough YA sell at the time. I believed in it, though, so I thought I’d use my poetry-writing background and turn the crux of it into a short story in verse. That story, “Him,” won the 2011 Katherine Paterson Prize for YA and Children’s Writing through HUNGER MOUNTAIN, the literary journal of the Vermont College of Fine Arts. That same year I won first place in the Children’s/Young Adult Fiction division of the WRITER'S DIGEST Annual Writing Competition for a different short story. Contests are such a great way to get your work noticed, and 2011 was a very good year for me in that respect.
How did you get your agent?
After I won the Katherine Paterson Prize, several agents contacted me via email. The first was Heather Schroder, an extremely seasoned agent, who at the time was with International Creative Management (ICM) and has since started her own agency, Compass Talent. We set up a phone conversation, and I really loved how she just got what I was trying to do with “Him.” She really connected with my writing style and my work, so I knew she was a great fit for me.
I had already started working on a dystopian/fantasy-type novel when Heather contacted me, so she helped me work through several revisions of that. But again, the market shifted, and back came the popularity of Contemporary Realistic Fiction in YA. That old novel from 2008 had a shot now! So I revised RIPPLE to make the voice and the structure relevant for today’s YA readers, and Heather sold it to Penguin Putnam a short while later. It's scheduled to be released in Fall 2016.
What has been surprising or challenging about your experience?
I am an impatient human, and, I mean, like, really impatient. I want things done now and before now. So getting used to the publishing industry, which often moves at a glacial pace, has really taught me to take deep breaths, calm down, and curb my need for speed. I’ve even tattooed the reminder on myself. ;)
What's next for you?
I’m just finishing work on my latest novel and getting ready to send it to Compass Talent for review. This latest book is very different from RIPPLE in that it is less about romance (though there is still plenty in there!) and more about socio-political issues in the U.S., but I hope it is as well received.. She lives in Rochester Hills, MI, with her husband, two boys, and more pets than anyone should ever own.
Twitter:
Coming up on The Mitten blog: the conclusion of Dawne Webber's Beyond the Book series, a new 3 part craft series on developing voice, an interview with Buffy the Poetry Slayer, Ask Frida Pennabook, and another round of Hugs and Hurrahs. Send your good news to Patti Richards at pgwrites5
Subscribe to our blog and never miss a post. Simply enter your email at the top of the right sidebar.
Happy reading!
Kristin Lenz
Congratulations, Heather, for "Ripple"! =)
Congratulations, Heather! You're an incredible writer. Keep up the great work.
Great interview. I loved learning more about Heather's road to publication. Congrats!Died in Texas
Mrs. Martha Akerman, of this city, has received the sad and unwelcome intelligence of the death of her aged father, Rev. Samuel Galloway, in Texas. He died on Friday last, at his home in Belton. He was a Presbyterian preacher of note in his section, and reached the ripe age of eighty-five, and departed with good works as a legacy to his people, and lamented by all who knew him. He moved from Darien, Ga., to Texas many years ago.
Bartow GenWeb Coordinator:
Georgia GenWeb State Coordinator: Vivian Saffold
©2002 - 2010 Arlene WoodyWaterBot users and friends,
The EPA announced that it is inviting the public to submit information related to hydraulic fracturing, in support of its study on the potential impact on drinking water resources throughout the country. This could include: data, studies, scientific analyses and other pertinent scientific information. This will support the EPA to inform current and future research and ensure a robust record of scientific information. Check the Federal Register for more information. We encourage all citizen scientists out there to submit your data and stories.
Deadline is 4/30/2012.
WaterBot users and friends,5 Page Website
Do you need a website, but don't know where to
begin? Have you heard that a website will cost thousands of dollars?
It doesn't have to. Check my prices, and you will be pleasantly surprised.
I will not pressure you to buy more than you need.
Machine Language is now offering a starter website for $99
What you get
- 5- Page Starter website personalized for you $99
- Guaranteed $8.25 monthly renewal rate for hosting for the lifetime of your site. *
- Domain Name - 1 year registration $25 (Or bring your own)
- Guaranteed $2.25 monthly renewal rate for domain name*
- 5 free email addresses - you @ YourDomainName . com
- You don't have to know to write code. I do it or you.
- Just send the pictures and words you want on your pages
If you want hands-on training, I have that option too: Learn To Build a Website
Call for details now 630-293-1164
6M-F 7am-7pm Central Time (UTC-6) Saturday 7am-Noon
Or send me an email using this form
Or you can begin Now by clicking the subscribe button below.
*1GB web space Unlawful and substandard content restrictions
apply.
*Hosting Subscription $99 down then $8.25/mo.
*Domain name subscription $25 down then $2.25/mo
*Subscription paments must be kept up to date.
*Subscriptions only valid with PayPal
*2-Year prepayment required for checks & cashAs most of you know, I am seriously and unabashedly San Francisco-centric in my thinking. I will not apologize for loving my city . . . um, I mean God’s city. I could probably name off about 10 bazzilion-gillion reasons I love San Francisco, but these are just four that come to me right now . . .
- Weather // It is hardly ever below 50 or above 80. Wear layers you crazy tourists and you’ll be okay.
- People // Because of our pacific rim connection we have many shades of brown . . . looooooove it!
- Food // My eldest daughter’s favorite foods are Ethiopian and Indian. And we turn out some pretty decent Chinese food as well 😉
- Politics // I call it “The Bubble” in which we choose to live. A few examples:
- Our liberal democrat mayor was painted as the neo-nazi corporate sell-out in his last run against a legitimate Greenie;
- In SF we feel like conservatives because we do not think anarchy is a viable option;
- We are soon to be the first US city to ban plastic grocery bags;
- Parades and Festivals with naked people don’t cause a second look;
Again . . . so many more reasons, but those are mine for the day. If you are ever in town, we have a spare room and love to take folks on the tour of the city, each highlighted by a stop at one of my favorite cafe’s. Ya’ll come back now!This past week, I got together with some of my friends and we cooked up three MREs for review: Spaghetti with Meat Sauce, Beef Roast with Vegetables, and Cajun Rice, Beans, and Sausage. The results were very interesting, and well worth the effort. I’ve summarized our findings below, and I’ve even included a video review on youtube, in case you want proof that we did indeed eat all three MREs. Enjoy. 😉
General MRE Info:
All three of our MREs had common additions such as the condiments and utensils. Common additions included:
- Tabasco sauce
- Iodized Salt packet
- Napkin
- Moist Towelette
- Matches
- Sugar
- Instant coffee granules
- Non-dairy creamer
- Chicklets-like gum
- Hot beverage pouch
- Beverage powder
All-in-all, not a bad selection of add-ons. The gum was not very good, but it was something to chew on after eating the rest of the meal (though it only lasted about a minute or so until it began to disintegrate), and we all agreed that the coffee SUCKS. Even with creamer and sugar, this is definitely *not* Starbucks coffee. The utensil is a brown GI spoon, for which all the meals have been prepared accordingly for ease of consumption, and it performed its duties as expected.
Each meal also contains a variety of sides, which are listed below according to Menu number:
#18: Cajun Rice, Beans, and Sausage
- Cheddar Cheese Pretzels (Combos)
- Peanuts
- Crackers
- Peanut Butter
- Gen 2 Lemon-Lime Beverage Powder
#19: Beef Roast with Vegetables
- Dried Cranberries
- Crackers
- Chocolate Peanut Butter
- Steak Sauce
- Tropical Punch Beverage Powder
- Dessert: Vanilla Pound Cake
#20: Spaghetti with Meat Sauce
- Wheat Snack Bread
- Cheese Spread
- Potato Sticks
- Gen 1 Lemon-Lime Beverage Powder
- Dessert: Cherry Blueberry Cobbler
Note that the #18 menu didn’t come with a dessert. What. A. Ripoff. The one redeeming quality of this menu is that it comes with very tasty cheddar cheese pretzels that we civs would know by the brand name of “Combos.”
The cheese spread included with the #20 menu really is as good as they say it is, and the “wheat snack bread” was shaped to look like an actual slice of bread, which we found quite amusing, since it is actually very dense, and not like bread at all, though it does taste alright.
As for the other sides, there was nothing notably good or bad about them. The cranberries tasted like cranberries, the peanuts were like peanuts, and the potato sticks still tasted like salty cardboard, as they always do. I can see why these things get swapped and traded for other goodies out on the field – some of them are quite desirable in comparison to others.
Now, for the desserts. Of the two desserts we had, the cherry blueberry cobbler was voted the best. But when you add the cobbler (which was much like pie filling) to the pound cake – YUM! That made the pound cake delicious. Otherwise it was kinda dry, and the whole thing was like eating the crusty end of a pound cake loaf. Not as enjoyable as a moist, center slice of cake, so finding ways to improve the pound cake are recommended. Just don’t pour your MRE coffee on it. (pssst – the cake is a lie)
When it comes to beverages, I wouldn’t say that either the lemon-lime powder or the tropical fruit punch was necessarily better than the other, but I will say that Gen 2 of the lemon-lime powder is MUCH better than Gen 1. Gen 1 has a strong limey-ness to it, while Gen 2 just tastes like Gatorade. The coffee still sucks. A note about the Hot Beverage Pouch that is included for heating the coffee: all three of our beverage pouches leaked during some point of the coffee making process. Do not trust these bags! They either start out with a leak in them, or eventually spout liquid while being heated. Very messy, and not fun to clean up.
And now, the entrees! For heating, we first assembled the entree and other items to be heated (coffee, dessert if applicable, and sauces) in the heater bag, stuffed the whole bag into the cardboard box, and then added approximately an ounce and a half of water, shaking the package lightly to allow even distribution of the water in the heater pack. We propped our cardboard boxes up against coffee cups (but a rock or any other non-reactive surface will do), and allowed them to heat for approximately fifteen minutes. During that time, we tried out the other snack foods and drank our flavored beverages. Mmmm. Once the meals were fully heated, we *CAREFULLY* removed the hot food packs from the heater bag, opened them up, and had a taste. The Cajun rice, beans, and sausage was… bland, at best. Without the Tabasco sauce, this meal really doesn’t have much going for it. It’s not horribly bad like many other reviews make it out to be, however, so I would give it 3 out of 5 stars for MRE meals, and one of the stars is attributed to the tasty Combos pretzels that come with it. It loses a star for not having any dessert, and having too many peanut-y things included (peanuts AND peanut butter? Really?).
The Beef Roast and Vegetables is TASTY! This was by far our favorite meal. There is literally a slab of beef in the pouch, with a few veggie chunks surrounding it for flavor and texture. You can break apart the beef just using the included MRE spoon – it’s that tender. The steak sauce was like a blend of A-1 and Heinz 57. A decent compromise for flavor and a good addition to the meal. I give the Beef Roast and Vegetables 4 out of 5 stars. It loses half a star for the dry pound cake, and another half a star for lack of vegetables. There really should have been a few more veggie chunks for them to include it in the menu name. However, if I had to give up some of the roast to accommodate more veggies, I would just say forget it; I’ll take the beef over veggies any day.
Lastly, the Spaghetti with Meat Sauce; or should I say, Spaghetti with something that resembles a sauce. I couldn’t actually identify the flavor in this meal, but it was not of meat sauce. There was a hint of traditional Italian herbs, but not much to speak of in terms of actual sauce. The noodles were good though – not too mushy, and not too dry. If the sauce was a little better in this meal, it could easily have been a 4.5 star meal. However, it will remain a 4, mostly retaining its points because it comes with that delicious cheese sauce, and a very tasty dessert.
So there you have it folks! Three MREs and a boatload of calories! Special thanks to my buddies, Matt and Jon, and my husband Justin for their willingness to choke down questionable food products in front of a camera. Cheers to you, fellows!
Note: It may take a bit for the video to process on youtube. If the video does not work for you, try again later. Thanks!5
Wine,Wine Business,Wine Legislation
Wine Tax Against Grape Growers Fails, a tax increase that targeted wine grape growers. The measure failed.
“I represent many family-owned wineries and wine grape growers. This measure could be devastating to their businesses in an already tough economy,” said Nava. “Thousands of jobs were at stake and the last thing we need to do is make the already bad unemployment situation worse.”
AB 1019 would have imposed a 10 cent per drink fee on the sale of all beer, wine and liquor in the state of California. It also would allow the California Board of Equalization to increase the fee every year.
AB 1019 failed passage in the Assembly Health Committee last week.
For more information on Assemblymember Nava please visit:
[Editor’s Note: His Email continued with the following story from the San Jose Mercury News.]
Like week-old beer, alcohol tax falls flat
By Mike Zapler
San Jose Mercury News Sacramento Bureau
Posted: 04/27/2009
SACRAMENTO – Talk about a buzz kill.
A week after state Assemblyman Jim Beall served up a bill to slap a dime-a-drink fee on alcoholic beverages; the San Jose Democrat withdrew the proposal Monday, citing a lack of support.
“I think all this bill needs is a little time to age,” Beall declared in a news release, adding that he may revisit the idea later.
The Assembly Health Committee put the proposed alcohol levy on hold last week after an initial vote showed scant support. Only three committee members backed the bill, AB 1019, while seven voted against it and nine abstained.
“An increase of this sort is going to cause significant hardship,” for family winegrowers, Assemblyman Pedro Nava, D-Santa Barbara, said during the hearing. “They are a significant employer in my district.”
Beall spent the past few days scrounging for votes before realizing it was a lost cause. Withdrawing the bill allows him to reintroduce it, perhaps next year.
The assemblyman had argued that a higher tax is long overdue — it was last raised in 1991 — to offset the costs to society that alcohol causes. The toll, he said, includes drunken driving deaths, health problems and treatment for alcohol abuse. The proposal would have generated about $1.4 billion annually.
Beer and wine are major industries in California and big contributors to political campaigns.
Beall proposed an even steeper alcohol tax last year but it, too, fell flat as a glass of week-old beer. But Beall’s spirits were lifted when Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger proposed his own nickel-a-drink alcohol tax to help balance the state budget. A Public Policy Institute poll showed 85 percent backing for the governor’s tax, but it was not included in the final budget agreement reached in February.
Related articles by Zemanta
- Watch for Taxation on Wine! (chateaujulien.blogspot.com)
- Nickel- And Dime-A-Drink Bills Introduced in California Legislature (wineindustryinsight.com)
Good for Assemblymember Nava!
Yeah… I’m loving it…
This was doomed form the get-go. Hopefully something like this isn’t tried again for a long, long time.
I’d like to think it was doomed from the beginning, too; however, if someone’s not watch dogging it – which was probably what was the hope – it becomes a law. Look how long Prohibition was pushed for, then happened.
These things have to be watched carefully, or the tea totalers win, again.
The first half of the 20th century saw periods of prohibition of alcoholic beverages in several countries:
* 1900 to 1948 in Prince Edward Island, and for shorter periods in other locationsOn Fri, 12 Dec 2014 14:49:56 +0000, Thomas White wrote: ... > For the record, feminism is the movement to fight inequality against > only women. Not according to wikipedia: 'to...establish...equal...rights for women', which include approaching equality from both sides, as appropriate. ... >. Andreas -- "Totally trivial. Famous last words." From: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@*.org> Date: Fri, 22 Jan 2010 07:29:21 -0800In 1989, Intel announced shipment of the 80486 chip.
The Intel 80486 microprocessor (alias i486 or Intel486) was a higher performance follow up on the Intel 80386. It was the first x86 chip to use more than a million transistors, due to a large on-chip cache and an integrated floating point unit. It represented a fourth generation of binary compatible CPUs since the original 8086 of 1978. A 50 MHz 80486 executed around 40 million instructions per second on average and was able to reach 50 MIPS peak.
Learn more atGetronics, the Dutch IT services company, plans to acquire a 30% stake in HK-based ServiceOne, which is an existing business partner and claims an extensive presence in China's IT services market.
The surprising move was overshadowed by the announcement, also made today, that Getronics has received a formal expression of interest from a “US-based firm” that wants to buy the Dutch company.
Getronics has long been seen as a takeover target because of its sub-scale size in Europe's consolidating IT services industry and its troubled recent history. The loss-making company expanded rapidly in the past but has now had to sack staff and sell “suboptimal” operations outside the Netherlands following large losses and the discover of fraud in its Italian operations. Nevertheless, it remains a leader in the Dutch IT services market and, apparently, now has ambitions to also be a player in China.
The new HK-based entity, to be named ServiceOne Getronics, will seek to apply Getronics' well-known strengths in network and desktop outsourcing to the Chinese market.
This type of “infrastructure management” is hardly the sexiest part of outsourcing and it is relatively low-margin work. Nevertheless, Getronics is betting that this is the area of the Chinese IT services market that offers most potential, at least in the short-term, which could explain why the company, after retreating from other international markets has decided to make an exception as far as China is concerned.
ServiceOne was founded in 1998, and has over 600 technical & service personnel in 30 service centres across mainland China and HK.
The proposed transaction with ServiceOne also involves the transfer of 100% of Getronics' Infrastructure Services operations in HK, China and Macau into the new entity, giving it a combined payroll of 1,000 staff.NIFTY Options Trading Free Options Day You guys are doing great job, I had a profitable trade during last 7 months without fail. I am an intraday trader in Stock Cash and Stock Futures. But one day I heard about this stock market advisory providing intraday stock tips. NIFTY Options Trading Free Options Day Trading Tips, Stock Options Tips, Index Options Tips, Active Options, NIFTY Options Tips NIFTY.
Future and Option – Nifty Trading Tips Tanmay has given me extension of 2 months under offer period, thank you for this. Low Risk, more advantage take initial step here, we give you accuracy so dont waste time & Make out money by trading in future and options.
Share market tips Stock tips Indian stock market Share tips We at Trifid Research to provide our customers Stock Trading Tips/recommendations for stock market derived from our experienced, dedicated research analysts and technical analysts for each segment in the area of investment. We offer live share tips, mcx tips, nifty trading tips, stock market tips, options trading tips, forex tips and all Indian stock market tips along with global forex trading.
Nifty Future Tips, Nifty intraday trading tips Sharetipsinfo We provide trade alerts via sms every day and live tips. In Indian stock market Nifty future is traded in NSE that is National stock exchange of India. Nifty can be traded in Nifty future and in Nifty option too. Nifty is quite.
NIFTY TRADING TIPS We may get into this kind of scenarios when we feel market is extream volatility and to safe gaurd from any uncertain events. Stoploss is a part & parcel of trading and is the powerful mechanism to protect you from huge loss. For Free nifty Future Option Tips this blog is best nifty blog. Get here Nifty future Option tips, stock market news and nifty levels,It was a surprise because I have heard no word from the company,
No notice of replacements being sent, no word of what this mystery plant may be.
I'll take the name down because I've received replacements,
They have 0 customer service, but at least resolved the issue.
Thanks again everyone for your help
With Crushed Cornflakes..
I hope everybody had a wonderful weekend. I did have a good one and look forward to an even better week. I have just been sitting and contemplating the issue of cookies vs biscuits. I even did a bit of ‘googling’ and found a long story on wiki that I didn’t read because my eyes are closing and somehow, today, I’m so worn out and not quite in the state of having a cookie/biscuit debate inside my head. So I will just skip it and say call it what suits you best, because does it really matter what you call it? Perhaps yes, perhaps no, my eyes are closing…we had a nice long weekend. I went for a long windy walk that left me rejuvenated and ready to sleep. And another thing, I seem to be having problems with WordPress tonight. I’m getting a lot of 404 error messages and then I have to wait some minutes before I can save or proceed with my post. Right now I’m sitting and waiting again, hope services will resume again, soon.
I want to share with you the recipe for Crunchy Cheese Biscuits, that I made and really enjoyed crunching, for a week. If you prefer to call them Crunchy Cheese Cookies, you are welcome.
I want to thank all the people who followed my blog this week. I really appreciate ‘all the follows’. If I haven’t followed in return, don’t worry, it’s on the way.
Now for the recipe for Crunchy Cheese Biscuits, or should I call them cookies? Here we go…
- Ingredients
- 125 g (½cup) butter
- 90g (¾ cup) grated mature cheddar cheese
- Pinch cayenne pepper
- 150g (1 cup + 3 tablespoons) self-raising flour
- 80g (I cup) crushed Corn Flakes
- 1 egg lightly beaten
- Milk for brushing the top
Please always remember to assemble all ingredients before you start. Makes everything much easier!
Place the cheese, butter and cayenne pepper in a bowl (if using cayenne).
Cream until light and fluffy. Looks so good…
Stir in sifted flour, cornflakes and egg.
It should form a firm but not hard mixture like this one here. and we are ready go..
Roll rounded teaspoons of mixture into balls, place about 4cm apart on greased trays. Flatten biscuits with fork, brush tops with a little milk. Bake at 370°F for about 15-20 minutes or until lightly browned. I baked the biscuits at 370°F (190°C) for 20 minutes.
Serve and keep the remainder in an airtight container
I crunched mine until the tin was empty…that’s when I stopped. I hope you enjoy them too….
Crunchy Cheese Biscuits
Preparation time: 20 minutes; Total cooking time: 15-20 minutes; Makes: 45, depending on the size.
Ingredients
- 125 g (½cup) butter
- 90g (¾ cup) grated mature cheddar cheese
- Pinch cayenne pepper
- 150g (1 cup + 3 tablespoons) self-raising flour
- 80g (I cup) crushed Corn Flakes
- 1 egg lightly beaten
- Milk for brushing the top
Instructions
- Beat butter, cheese and pepper until smooth.
- Stir in sifted flour, cornflakes and egg.
- Roll rounded teaspoons of mixture into balls, place about 4cm apart on greased trays. Flatten biscuits with fork, brush tops with a little milk.
- Bake at 370°F for about 15 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on trays.
Points to Note
- Please note that oven temperatures are given as a guideline only. You may need to add or reduce the suggested temperature depending on your oven. I baked the biscuits at 370°F (190°C) for 20 for best results
- If you use all-purpose flour add 1teaspoon baking powder for every 125g (1 cup) flour.
- I am now lining trays with parchment paper because the cookies tend to burn underneath (my oven is not very modern…)
Last updated: 15 March 2015
myfavouritepastime.com
39 thoughts
I make these every werk. Thankyou !!!!!!
Thanks for reminding me. I haven’t made them in a while. I must make some over the weekend. Have a lovely evening!
Liz
I am glad they appeal to you!
Liz
These look wonderful, I can’t wait to try them out in my kitchen. Extra thanks for the Metric to Standard measurement conversions! Great recipe, super-fun blog!
Please feel free to try them, they are so easy to make. I only use metric measurements but after blogging for a while I realized people use other measurements so I now try to convert everything to make it easy for my readers. Thanks for stopping by and have a lovely weekend!!
*Drooling*…. I’m so going to make these !
Easy to make, ready in a few minutes, give it a go gal…thanks for dropping by. I shall be trying Cauliflower soup soon. Will give you a feedback. Have a great week!
These look wonderful! I can just smell them baking! Mmm
They are really good. They are one of my favourite biscuits/cookies. I always make them coz the kids love them too!
These look so good! I do believe the Grandchildren would eat them too, brill. Thanks for the like’s & the follow Liz xx
Hi It’s great to hear from you, you are one of my favourite inspirations. Thanks for the follow too and for liking my posts. I really appreciate, always. Take care!
Bread and cheese … how can one pass that up! Or perhaps if it is more cookie like then so much the better lol.
The cayenne part intrigues me. Does it give it a little bite? Or is it so sublte that only a hint of flavor comes through? And oh …. I am similar to you in that I have all my ingredients out before baking. Sometimes I will even go as far as having them all premeasured too before starting (like you seem to do nod nods).
Wonderfull photos … and a lovely dish to put the cookie-biscuits in.
You are very organized, thanks for the compliments. The cayenne gives a subtle hint of flavour, although I don’t think one really tastes it. Thanks for browsing around and for leaving me two notes. I appreciate!
omg…now 3 notes! *smiles*
I love reading form others so don’t worry!
I have been to your site. I have bookmarked the grilled salmon, will give you a feedback! Thanks for networking!
These biscuits (errr…cookies?) look delicious! Can’t wait to try them!
Ha ha somebody called them Bis-Cookies, If you do try please give a feedback. Thanks for stopping by and for taking time to write a note!
This looks great – will definitely have to give it a try. I rarely bake, but when cheese is involved, I can make an exception!
Hi there, if you happen to do the rarity, please give me a feedback!!! Thanks for stopping by, I do appreciate!
These look so good! savory and delicious– fun to serve with drinks. thanks for the recipe.
Thanks zoo much for stopping by and for leaving this note! I truly appreciate your effort!!!
These look so yummy! They almost look like crackers. I am going to the mountains this weekend and I believe I will be making these to take with me. Thanks for the idea!!
Enjoy the mountains and thanks for stopping by, I really appreciate!
I gave these a try last night and they turned out great! I posted on my blog as well (giving credit to you of course), thanks again for the idea!
Thanks Laura, look forward to more of your posts and more networking with you!
I love a good biscuit! Cheese makes everything better so I can’t wait to try these out!
Thanks for stopping by, if you do try the recipe, please give a feedback. I shall be browsing your blog shortly!
Hi there from SW France, I’ve just come across your gorgeous blog….and I’m loving these Crunchy Cheese Biscuits….or rather I know my kids are going to adore them being the cheesie biscuit fiends that they are! Thanks so much, now a bookmarked rainy day recipe!
Thank you so much for visiting and for leaving me a happy note, I have been to your blog and I love your story. One day I want to live like you and just eat fresh eggs like you! You are welcome to visit my blog at any time. I have followed yours! My Daughter is in Lyon right now in Jean Moulin University for an exchange programme. So you can see why I’m so excited about France!!!
Made and baked (by the monsters) and scoffed! And shared on my FB page: Lovely, thank you!
What a pleasant surprise. Thank you so much for trying out the cookies and for promoting myfavouritepastime on your Facebook page, I truly appreciate. I have been to see your Facebook page and its awesome. I have not yet opened a Facebook account but when I do you are the first person I will link to. I will ask my daughter in France to check out your Facebook page. Have a great weekend!!
Ah thanks Liz! The kids LOVED them, and loved making them themselves!.
Omg I am so happy that your kids loved the cheese biscuits, and even happier to know that they made them themselves. They are easy to make, my kids loved them too. Thanks so much you have made my day! I have to try a recipe from your site, will let you know the outcome. Have a great weekend and thanks for the networking spirit!!!
Looks absolutely fabulous and I am definitely making these this weekend instead of my regular sugar cookies. I am sure my kids will love this!
Thanks so much for stopping by my blog and for leaving me a note. If you so make anything, please give me a feedback. I look forward to your posts!
Big biscuits fans in our house and right now we have two blocks of cheese that need some using up now. This recipe may be the exact right marriage of tasty and practical. Thanks for sharing!
If the blocks of cheese do get reduced, please give me a feedback. We love biscuits and cookies too. Thanks for stopping by!!!)
Cell: 262.483.6434
Work: 262.375.4577
About me:
I am in my third year of coordinating and leading an 8-week triathlon training program at Form & Fitness. We swim one night, spin one night, and do a brick workout on Saturday mornings and have a great time doing it! I have worked as a personal trainer for four years and train a variety of individuals. No matter your age, gender or ability level, I will work with you to create a program tailored to your specific needs so you achieve the results you want. When I'm not personal training, I teach group fitness classes, including Group Power, Zumba, and Spinning.
As a three-year triathlete, I've participated in more than 20 triathlons, competed in sprint and olympic distances. I also train for half-marathons which after four years, average about three annually. My favorite race is the Green Bay Cellcom race. It's a great race for beginners because it's on a flat course.
Education:
I hold a four-year degree in Health Promotion & Wellness from the University of Wisconsin, Stevens Point and am a certified personal trainer by the National Academy of Sports Medicine. I am also a 10-year member of the Wisconsin Army National Guard. I ran track & field all four years of college, where I competed in heptathlon and other open events.
Cell: 414.940.2484 location, I direct our 8-week Transform-U Weight Loss Program./Certification:
BS Kinesiology/ Exercise Science with a minor in Strength and Conditioning
NSCA-CSCS
CPR, First Aid, & AED Certified (American Red Cross)
Lifestyle and Weight Managament Specialist (NESTA).
Education:
I graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Kinesiology or Exercise Science with a minor in Strength and Conditioning from the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh. Throughout my four years at UWO.
Certifications/ Education:
BS Kinesiology/ Exercise Science with a minor in Strength and Conditioning
NSCA-CSCS
Schwinn Indoor Cycling (ACE)
CPR, First Aid, & AED Certified (American Red Cross)
Dot-fit certified
About me:
As an athlete my entire life, I like to think of everyone as athletes-in-the-making. From organized sports, to setting up an "unofficial" football match, physical activity fuels me. I have participated in almost every sport: soccer, football, basketball, volleyball, track, cross country, baseball, rugby, snowboarding, skateboarding, biking and rock climbing. But what matters is not what I have done in the past, but what we can accomplish in the present. The human body is remarkable and UNSTOPPABLE.
We are born with two fears in life: the fear of falling and the fear of loud noises. Every other fear is in our minds. I know that the gym can be incredibly intimidating. My goal as a personal trainer is to make you feel comfortable when you walk in and accomplished when you walk out. Everyone visits the gym with different goals. My calling is to help you achieve yours with a plan that we create together and you execute. I will show you proper ways to exercise so that you can obtain maximum results. I take pride in what I do. Your success is my success. Train with me. Overcome your fears and allow me to show you how empowering fitness can
Certification:
NESTA certified personal trainer
About me:
My journey as a trainer began somewhat unconventionally. I was never athletic as a kid. I didn't play sports and I was never picked first in gym class, but I did start working out a young age thanks to my mom who would take me to the gym with her. At first, it was a way to spend time with her, but soon it became my favorite part of the day. As I grew, so did my passion for fitness. It's that passion that led me to a career in personal training, which I want to share with everyone at Form & Fitness.
Fun Fact:
Before I was a trainer, I spent three years working as a TV news reporter and anchor.
Certification:
NASM certified personal trainer.
Certification
B.S. Kinesiology from UWM 10, also work with the Parkinson's Disease exercise group, train athletes in the Parisi Speed School and teach group exercise classes and boot camps at Form & Fitness.
Certifications:
About me:
I am a Certified Personal Trainer through the National Academy of Sports Medicine (NASM). Fitness is a priority in my life. I have always been an active person-enjoying both team and individual sports. I understand the struggle of trying to exercise and eat healthy while leading a busy life. I, too, share in this struggle. It is important to MAKE time for yourself to exercise, establish healthy eating habits and learn to love the body that you’re in. I can help you with that. It’s hard doing it on your own! I love cheering people on and watching them succeed so I will be there for your journey to healthy and happy! I will do my best to keep you focused, energized and positive before, during and after your workout.
I have personally had the most success through high intensity interval training. Don’t let that scare you... high intensity for you may be very different than high intensity for someone else. All of my workouts are based on your current fitness level and your fitness goals (short and long term)!
About me:
I'm certified as a Strength and Conditioning Specialist from the National Strength and Conditioning Assocation (NSCA) and graduate from Concordia University of Mequon, Wis. with a degree in Exercise Physiology. While in school, I was a multi-sport student-athlete on the baseball and football teams. My hobbies include watching all Wisconsin sports, superhero movies and spending time with family and friends.
Education:
BS in Science - Exercise Physiology
Certifications:
NSCA - CSCS!
About me:
I am an individual who is driven by fitness. I love taking people to new highs in their fitness journey, whether that is improving technique or making huge gains in their goals. Athletics has always been my big driver. Playing football and throwing in track at the college level, baseball and basketball in high school, and recently competing in Crossfit competitions. Here at Form & Fitness I am driving to help anyone who comes to me blow past their goals and reach the levels they thought were never possible by working hard and having a blast doing it. I am currently working towards my Bachelor's in Exercise Physiology and obtaining my CSCS Certification.
About me:
During my time teaching traditional martial arts I have seen people decrease symptoms of diabetes type II, ulcerative colitis, prader willis syndrome, ADHD, depression, fibromyalgia, hip replacements, and rheumatoid arthritis to name a few. To become a more credentialed professional I went back to school to receive my degree in Kinesiology and Psychology. I choose these majors to study how the mind and the body connect and how human movement can benefit the mind as well as the body. I had an opportunity in my last semester to write a comprehensive review on the psychological benefits of Tai Chi and qigong. Through this study I found over thirty scientific experiments showing that this helps psychological benefits such as; depression, insomnia, mood disorders, anxiety, fear of falling, pain, trauma, self-efficacy, ADHD, and self-esteem. In addition to the psychological benefits Tai Chi and qigong helps with; the immune system, postural alignment, decrease heart rate, activation of the parasympathetic nervous system, decrease blood pressure, improved gait, improved balance, and improved coordination to name a few. I have experience firsthand that I have experienced through previous students and current clients that Tai Chi and qigong benefits are unlimited. The ultimate goal of Tai Chi and qigong is self-realization or enlightenment. I truly believe in what I do and am passionate it will improve the well-being of all the participants.
Education:
BS Kinesiology and Psychology
Certificaitons:
ACE Certified PT
ATQA Level III Certified Tai Chi and Qigong Instructor
NQA Certified Instructor
Internationally Certified Moo Doe (Budo) Instructor b-amyloid vaccine now being explored as a potential Alzheimer's therapy attracted the bulk of the attention at the World Alzheimer Congress 2000 (see previous story), another, more conventional, drug is showing promise in clinical trials. A neuropsychiatrist reported at the "hot topics" session of the congress that the drug memantine, which has been used in Germany for 10 years to treat dementias, significantly slowed the progression of Alzheimer's symptoms in patients with moderately severe disease.So which suburbs are leading the pack?
As real estate agents one of the most common questions we are asked is, "Where are the property hot spots right now?!" It is a really interesting question and always exciting to see the trends unfolding.
We have reported a great deal about the investment opportunities in the Fleurieu, the North East Hills and beach suburbs, but it really is time the classic prestigious Eastern Suburbs took a bow.
Recently we have seen stellar performances in two particular suburbs. St Peters and Dulwich are hot on all fronts at the moment and buyers can't get enough.
Dulwich is one of the smaller of the eastern suburbs and is traditionally tightly held with a conservative turnover of 16 to 17 properties per year. But right now we are seeing this suburb experience huge activity! Median house prices have risen by $71, 250 and Dulwich has already superseded their 2014 sales total of 16 and is sitting at 17 property sales for the year so far. A staggering 13 or 70% of these have been in the last three months!!
St Peters, while a bigger suburb with 235 more properties than Dulwich is following a very similar trend. In the last three months there has been 13 properties sold in St Peters which is huge if you compare this to the same period last year when there was only five sales! That's almost a 300% increase in volume!
St Peters has always been a very strong market for us. We currently hold 25.3% market share of the sales in the area - and our figures are backing up this trend as well, with 67% of our Toop sales occurring in the last three months, and these strong results are expected to continue. We currently have four listings in the area, and believe St Peters is on track to well exceed the 42 sales the suburb had last year!
Demand from buyers online is extremely high. According to realestate.com.au, Dulwich properties are receiving a monthly average of 2,458 views online and St Peters properties 1,698 views, both well exceeding the South Australian average of 506 views!
This demand is flowing through to inspection numbers and in the last month we have had 169 buyer groups through our inspections at Dulwich and 110 in St Peters, with 2,365 buyers registered with us to hear about properties in these areas as soon as they become available!
The Eastern Suburbs of Adelaide have always been, and I imagine always will be, in high demand and right now it's St Peters and Dulwich which are providing some fantastic opportunities for owners who picked the trend early.
If you are one of the lucky few who live in these amazing suburbs, it's reassuring to know that you have a 'first mover' advantage and can leverage this current buyer attraction to the area!Frizzante
The Frizzante label consists of two Delicata semi-sparkling wines that are made entirely from the Islands' indigenous grape varieties unique to Malta. The Brut Frizzante is made from the white grape of Malta called Girgentina and the Rose Demi Sec Frizzante from the Maltese native red grape Gellewza.
Both wines make for the perfect aperitif or celebratory wine. The medal winning Gellewza Rose Frizzante is particularly popular at Maltese weddings and receptions where it is served chilled as the ideal welcome drink.
- Girgentina
- Gellewza
Girgentina Frizzante BRUT, I.G.T. Maltese Islands’.’.26 Aug 2017 22:56
It is a shock resistant unit, and has wings that are tough. It can fly quick or slow, based on your preference, and you can cut the power at anytime and it will carry on to glide. This can be a enjoyable trick to do, especially when your battery lifestyle is running reduced.I suggest initial-flight rc plane simulator free online games pilots take time to research basic helo traveling classes. Manufacturers frequently include training manuals of the fundamental methods with their models. Learn these techniques, and practice each 1 until you're comfortable using that technique. Do that before your first flight, and you give yourself a lower risk of crash & burn. Traveling an RC is much much more enjoyable when you don't have to stop earlier than you needed, choose up the pieces of your aircraft, and figure out if they'll match back with each other to fly once more.If you want to speak about expansive games that really attract you into the taking part in experience, then you can't leave out Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. This is simply the very best GTA that was at any time on the PS2 simply because of the context and storyline. Exactly where else can you dress your man as a pimp, fly about in an rc plane simulator free online games equipped with a device gun and generate around exploring for hours on finish? I can truthfully say that I have logged more than one hundred hours of my lifestyle taking part in and taking pleasure in this game and it had me hooked from the phrase go.Make certain that you will apply as often as you can so that you will gain much more skills. It will take time for you to master on how to fly it. There will be times that you will crash the helicopter so you require to be careful of the location where you plan to fly it. Attempt to select a grassy place so that the impact will not heavily harm the helicopter if at any time it will crash.Given that the remote control helicopters use the newest technology one may believe that they are very costly but the reality of the matter is that they are not. There are various kinds of helicopters and each type has its personal price consequently you can purchase whatever fits your pocket. Where can one get to rc planes online helicopters? Nicely they can do so easily on-line. Simply go into the web and get to discover different on-line buying sites like eBay and Amazon. They have favorable costs and they also offer totally free shipping. You can take advantage of black Fridays and cyber Mondays so that you get to purchase much more at great discounts.Now you have a family with kids of your own. As mothers and fathers, we offer them all their needs 1 of it is their toys. It assists create the physical, psychological, psychological requirements of children. They discover how to interact to other individuals. They gain much more buddies when they perform. But today because of technology we have to guide our children, providing with toys that surely will make them appreciate and unwind is the best way to protect them from poor influences. rc boats australia are the best toys that you can give to your child, even you as mothers and fathers can use this. It is very inexpensive and simple to use.Spend quality time with your kid. Pick a venture that you can do with each other. Ideally, make him choose what to do or produce. For instance, If he appreciates flying rc planes online, then, perhaps, both of you can go to flying clubs and inquire around. There are Diy plans that are so simple to develop using foam supplies that you can purchase from normal shops. Start building the venture together. This is setting up child-mother or father associations. You turn out to be best friends and he will listen to your guidance and directions attentively. You should always be there for him, especially in times when he requirements you most.Of program if the kids are intrigued in racing the electric radio manage boat is the very best choice. They usually are slower operating and simpler to manage. This will rc plane simulator free online games the youngster time to develop their driving skills prior to they graduate to the quicker and much more complicated gas driven boat.Remote planes are a fantastic tool to produce a social group. Males, women, and children will appreciate the companionship that develops from flight days. These toys are subject to crashing, it's true. But with inexpensive substitute parts, the crashes turn out to be part of the amusement. rc planes online will give just as a lot pleasure to a kid. Some are easier to manage, so make sure that you are getting an age appropriate toy. This is 1 present that will keep on providing, as the children and adults will have a blast using it out time and time again. It is really worth the expense to buy one that is a small more costly so it will final.During my search, the first efficient psychological healing method I encountered was called Psychological Freedom Method which is generally referred to as "EFT" or "EFT tapping". EFT is a variation of Dr. Roger Callahan's Thought Area Therapy technique. Basically, the EFT process involves numerous faucets with your fingers on particular meridian or acupressure points on your physique. And as you gently tap (about 7 times) on each point, you repeat pertinent phrases or statements concerning your specific problem. I know, it seems unusual. You just have to experience EFT a few occasions in order to evaluate it properly.The Beverly Hillbillies, CBS
CBS Store; IMDb; Retro Junk; Sitcoms Online; TV.com; TV Land; TV Tropes; Wikipedia
This family from the Ozarks found oil on their land and became millionaires and moved to Beverly Hills. The head of the family, Jed Clampett, seemd reasonably sensible, I guess, but everyone else in the family were basically dumb, cliched stereotypes. Jed's family included his mother-in-law, "Granny," as well as his daughter, Elly May (who we liked), and nephew, Jethro Bodine. I suppose you could call this a "fish out of water" style of comedy, except I see it as pretty insulting to the fish. And while I've never seen much of it, I don't have much interest in it, because I never found it that funny. What else? There was this banker named Mr. Drysdale who was overly concerned with keeping the Clampetts' money in his bank, and his secretary, Miss Hathaway, who seemed more concerned with the Clampetts' well-being or whatever. I dunno. fixed or repaired before you can get a home loan. In most cases, only items that considered causing safety or health issues are required to be repaired, replaced, or installed. For example, if there are exposed wires hanging in the ceiling, someone might be electrified by accident. Another example is a swimming pool in the backyard that is not filled with water, someone might fall into it and get hurt. These items in no doubt are required to be taken care of before banks lend you the money. However, items such as worn out carpets or missing cabinets, those items usually don’t require to be repaired. They are referred to as “cosmetic items”. Nevertheless, most banks do require appraisers to at least provide us an estimated cost to repair these items (referred as “cost to cure”) reflected on the appraisal. As long as the property value already reflects cost to repair, you should be good to go.
Do you mind if I quote a couple. Cheers!
Sure thing. Maybe we can also backline each other if that is ok with you?
I agree 100%Important Dates
- Submission deadline: July 5th.
- Abstract submission deadline (extended date): July 31 .
- Notification to authors: August 21th.
- Final submission: September 4th.
- Workshop day: October 7th.
Paper submissionWorkshop accepst original work on algorithmic aspects on computer systems. Are welcome contributions wich discuss problems related to theorical or practical relevancy.
Work submission:
Authors are invited to submit their works of four up to six pages long on easychair. Submissions should be in PDF format and must conform to Springer page formatting:
Latex: ""*
Authors:
Word:.With”
Deciding that lawyers weren’t presenting the right sort of evidence in the murder case against Stephen Young, the jury sought out their own witnesses – the murder victims. Sequestered (i.e., bored) at the hotel the jury decided to hold a séance (Many things seem like a good idea at 1 in the morning when the booze is all gone and there’s nothing on cable.)
The idea isn’t as strange as it may first appear. About 1 in 5 Americans believe in communication with the dead, so statistically at least a couple of jury members every murder case believes they can get the straight scoop directly from the victim.
The jury sent out for an Ouija Board. This took a bit of time since Juror #6 had forgotten to pack hers, but Ouija Boards are easily procured from illicit toy dealers and paranormal shops that tend to stay open all night.
Ouija Board procured, a séance ensued. After a brief chat with one of the victims, the jury found Stephen Young guilty.
A tattle-tale bailiff, who’d recently had an argument with his dead aunt, reported the deliberation irregularities to the judge. When interviewed, four of the jurors admitted to organizing the séance, three additional jurors confessed to praying about the verdict. The defense council insisted that jurors were not supposed to talk to anyone – including a higher power – about the deliberations.
After investigation, the court reluctantly admitted that séances were not prohibited – juries could use any method they chose to reach a verdict. Unfortunately for this jury, séances can only be held in the designated room of the courthouse and this one had been held at the hotel. The judge had no option but to set aside the verdict on this technicality and schedule a new trial with more sensible jurors. Bailiffs promised to hide all board games from the next jury.
The judge would not release the exact testimony elicited from the dead witness since it might prejudice the next jury, but witnesses deny that the Ouija Board spelled out: P-R-O-F-E-S-S-O-R-P-L-U-M-I-N-T-H-E-L-I-B-R-A-R-Y-W-I-T-H-T-H-E-R-E-V-O-L-V-E-R
“If you want to know, ask him yourself,” snapped the judge.
Regardless of what you think of the methods, this jury was ultimately right. Stephen Young was re-convicted and is currently serving a life sentence. It is unknown what process the second jury used to reach a verdict. It is speculated that in the absence of board games, the jury used “rock-paper-scissors” to decide.
This is a case where a brave jury went outside of the staid practices and procedures of the court to find the truth. Maybe we underestimate the power of psychics on a jury and should screen jurors to insure at least one is selected. Without cameras, how else are we supposed to know what happened? Best to get an eye witness account.
So the next time you serve on jury duty, don’t forget to bring your Magic 8 Ball.
I’m Jae this message was written without psychic intervention.
One thought on “Oui-the Jury”
I love the title for this post! 🙂“Back in the day” I ran track. I wasn’t any good at it because I mostly ran track to stay in shape for basketball and tennis, which were my true loves. One day we were forced to train inside the school because a Colorado snowstorm was too much to compete with. Once inside, my coach could see that I needed more motivation besides running laps inside the school building. She put three hurdles in front of me and dared me to run the gauntlet. In the process, my coach inadvertently unleashed a monster.
The rhythm, strides, precision, takeoff, and landing all made me feel like I was flying. I loved it. Hurdling gave me a chance to compete against other racers, the clock, and against myself. It was a perfectionist’s dream come true, and birthed the competitive streak in me that still exists to this day.
I’m not much of an athlete anymore, but I am still very competitive. I hate to lose ~ at anything. I can be wrong, know that I’m wrong, and still try to win an argument. For years, I was convinced that being competitive was a good thing until the day I was given a “time out” at a women’s retreat for aggressive behavior. I was playing a game of double solitaire and trouncing an 80 year-old woman who was thrilled she could even be at the retreat.
“Just how badly are you going to beat her?” a friend whispered in my ear as she wrested the cards from my clutched hands. I was just about to unload everything on the table and go in for the kill, but my courageous friend gently pushed me from my seat and dismissed me from the game.
“But I’m winning!” I protested quietly, and then with one of her famous false front smiles she hissed at me through her clenched teeth, “But you’re the speak-er, Dear. Don’t you want to set a better example for the women than this?”
Oh, oops.
Knowing what we’re tying to accomplish in any given situation is vital to living deliberately, so the next key to being intentional in 2014 is:
KEY #3 RUN TO WIN
Competition, the right kind(!), is a good thing; in fact, it’s a great thing. A properly focused competitive streak can bring out the best in us, and in those around us. It can also propel us into doing unimaginable things we’ve never even dreamed of. I thrive on the benefits of healthy competition because I know it strengthens my weaknesses.
Paul did too. He has a lot to say about competition in his New Testament epistles, the most famous one being found in 1 Corinthians 9:24: “Do you not know that those who run in a race all run, but only one receives the prize? Run in such a way that you may win.”
In order to “run to win” according to Paul’s model, how we run is just as important as that we run.
Athletes are bound by a lot of “hows.” In order to compete in something they love, athletes willingly submit themselves to specific, outlined criteria. They contend with rules, equipment specifications, and drug testing to name just a few. An athlete could win, and win big, but if they violate the rules, they will be disqualified from victory. So all compete, some will cheat, but only one will win.
When Paul says, “Run to win,” in 1 Corinthians 9, he’s talking about fulfilling the purpose for which God called him. Paul is talking about living deliberately ~ intentionally choosing to participate in God’s plan for his life. The “how” of running, then, is every bit as important to the Believer as it is to the athlete. Just like athletes, Christians willingly submit themselves to the criteria outlined in Scripture that ensures our race will end with victory.
We do this because of our deep love for Jesus, not out of a sense of duty or religious obligation. Rules and regulations don’t motivate us; our love for Jesus does. True faith in Jesus is the result of His invitation to us, and of our eager response to enter into an intimate relationship with him. It doesn’t come through force, obligation, or external pressure; our journey with Jesus is a joy.
So, here’s an opportunity to apply one of Paul’s “hows” of running. Let’s just look at one character quality that is important to incorporate into our lives. 1 Corinthians 9:25 says, “Everyone who competes in the games exercises self-control in all things. They then do it to receive a perishable wreath, but we an imperishable.”
If I am running to win this “race” of life, I want to finish strong and finish well. To do that, I need to exercise self-control in all things according to 1 Corinthians 9:25. Bummer: I want to do what I want, when I want, for as long as I want. Physically, I’d like to run amok, but spiritually controlling my behavior, tongue, temper, attitude, service, competitive streak, etc., will ensure that I become more like Jesus and less like the world around me.
Here’s where I’m challenged ~ According to Galatians 5:22-23, the spiritual realm and the physical realm are connected. “But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control; against such things there is no law.” I’d rather they not be connected, but they are. I’d rather compartmentalize my life, but I can’t; not if I want to be like Jesus.
So, if the spiritual and the physical are connected, isn’t it logical that my physical life will show evidence of my spiritual condition? Spiritually, I run to win. That metaphorical race should spill over into the physical arena at some point whether I like it or not. Let’s say I never exert self-control over the things I put in my body (ie. food, alcohol, medication, drugs, etc), and I neglect exercise so I am in poor health. If my lack of self-control over my diet and exercise prohibits me from accomplishing the purpose God has for me, then there’s absolutely no way I can live deliberately this year. My body will stage a mutiny and prevent it. That’s not okay. In this example the physical arena is controlling the spiritual, and that never ends well. Gaining spiritual control over the flesh and its desires is one of the most common reason people fast.
Listen to what Paul says in 1 Corinthians 9:27, “But I discipline my body and make it my slave, so that, after I have preached to others, I myself will not be disqualified.” Everything we do impacts ourselves, those around us, and even impacts the gospel. If we are walking in the Spirit, we will exercise self-control; it’s one of the fruits of the Spirit. If we do not exercise self-control, we cannot possibly be walking in the Spirit. So, then, to live with intention as one who loves Jesus means that as we surrender to the Spirit, His power will increase in our lives, and the influence of our flesh will decline.
How do we do that exactly?.”
To live deliberately this year, we keep our eyes focused on Jesus, for even Jesus had to master his humanity in order to finish well.Day 10 of the Author Blog Challenge: What was your research process?
More than likely, even the most prosaic of fiction books will require at least a modicum of research. Historical fiction probably requires scads of investigation.
Sailing into “Cocos Island Treasure,” the first manuscript chosen for publication, I spent a LOT of time researching the internet, first discovering there really was such a place!
The journey has been fascinating because unfortunately he passed away before I could ever pick his brain about his youth; his sailing adventures, his mining or exploration adventures, or his actual birth location for that matter.
I would have benefited hearing about all these exciting tropical locales wherein he apparently enjoyed some pearl diving as well as hunting for pirate treasures. As I recently posted regarding pirate treasures on Cocos Island, William Thompson purportedly loaded one of the largest pirate treasure troves aboard the Mary Dear in Peru in 1820. He and his crew killed the Spanish guards and buried the treasure said to be worth well over $160,000,000 (now known as “The Loot of Lima”).
Each book after that, because they are classified as historical fiction, mandated many, many hours of research, either because of the location of adventures, the names contained in the plots, or the procedures or practices of his day–especially with his narration of the capture and rendering of whales.
Probably the most time spent researching was the fourth book, “Hot Air Promotions,” which involved the penny mining stocks of the twenties and thirties. It was HUGE! The language of the stock market, the mines, the business practices and papers, and the people–how could you ever win? And I quote, “When you win, you lose.”
The most fun, however, in the examination of the chronicles of the mines was chasing down the locations–many now ghost towns–some still thriving with history reading stranger than fiction. You can’t make this stuff up! I discovered that the University of Nevada, Reno, maintains a massive library containing the history of gold, silver, and mineral mines of the west–where they gladly accepted a copy of the book. Goldfield, (NV) a former mining town, enjoys many a chilling ghost story that contains notorious names included in the book as well.
The odyssey has been a lesson in history: Of places, people, and practices. As the saying goes, “The more things change, the more they stay the same.”
4 thoughts on “What Was The Research Process?”
I am a little mystified by this pingback 3 days ago, but appears to be generated in 2015? I see the photo of my mining cert on your page. So…was there a question?
Thank you for the inquiry! As the article notes, I spent some lengthy time on the internet, placed Google Alerts for any additional new information, and in the case of the mining towns, actually walked the streets and talked to the people about the local folklore–some of which was pretty fascinating (i.e., Goldfield NV in Hot Air Promotions). Additionally, I scanned other books where available to glean pertinent info. As I continued to get new information or pictures, I edited the book to add the new items in a newer edition of the book. You may notice Cocos Island, for instance, has had 4 editions as well as a change of cover (which is a photo of one of his original paintings). Going through all my granddad’s writings, articles or pics he saved, his own paintings, or letters he wrote me in Victorian handwriting was an education in itself. I’m still learning some of his sailing terms!West Marches: Westmoor
Rules
The rules for playing D&D are covered in the Player’s Handbook, but there are a few additional rules required as a game group to make this group run well. It’s important that we recognize each others’ time is valuable, and these guidelines will help us focus the game and avoid confusion about what’s expected of us.
Rule One
You are an adventurer because you feel a strong call in your bones to adventure. The boredom of a calm life doesn’t appeal to you – you are driven to leave behind the safety of civilization and explore the wilds to make your name. Regardless of what drives you, you are driven. You choose where to go and what to do. There will be a handful of obvious choices, but you don’t by any means need to take them. The adventure is in your hands.
Party Leader Rule
Whoever takes the initiative and organizes a game session is the Party Leader for that session. The Party Leader is responsible for getting a party assembled, posting an event on the Calendar prior to the event, and following up the session by writing a session report in the Adventure Log. If you do these things, you will receive + 10% XP for the next session you attend!
Session reports can be as detailed as you like, but they must include information about where you went and what you did. Details on treasure and other rewards are optional. You can make yourself sound as awesome as you like, but don’t stretch the truth (too much!). Have your entry completed within one week of the session.
You may add new Events and Adventure Logs by going to the menu bar and selecting New → Calendar Event or New → Adventure Log Post
Exploration Experience
After a session, players can gain Exploration Experience by editing the campaign wiki. The next time that player attends a session, the DM will ask if the player updated the wiki, and if so, the player can immediately receive an XP reward to add to their character’s current total. XP rewards are based on a standard combat encounter at the character’s current level.
The Rest
- Players can suggest or join sessions on an at-will basis. There is no assumed set party – characters can adventure in many different groups.
- Each session is presumed to be self-contained. Players venture into the wild, find or are found by adventure, and return home each session.
- New characters start at level 1. Characters keep whatever gold and XP they earn from session to session, and characters may (until further notice) group with other characters of any level.
- Characters can be created before game time or at the table using the character options found in the Player’s Handbook or the free basic rules PDF. If you create your character ahead, you may use the Standard Array. If you create the character at the table you may use the Standard Array or roll dice for stats. Characters who roll for stats start the game with Inspiration.
- Every character starts each session in Westmoor. If characters have not returned home by the end of the session, they automatically return after play has ended.
- Players are penalized a cost of 1GP/Lvl per mile they must travel back home after the end of a session.
- The world of the West Marches persists beyond each session. If players have made a change in one session, other players will see that change if they follow the same path in a later session.
- The town of Westmoor is, for whatever reason, safe. Adventure is found beyond civilization’s edge. Characters can rest here between sessions and come to no harm. Likewise, there is nothing of interest for you back in the Kingdom of Gyleon. Adventure is found in the wilds beyond.
Beta Test Rules
Sometimes the DM will want to try out a new mechanic or system in the game to help support the exploration side of play. When new “beta test” rules come into play, there will be a Forum post to discuss it and additional information noted about how the rule is intended to work. If it could impact character survival, anyone who plays with the rule in effect will get a little compensation for that, possibly in the form of additional Death Saves or other existing mechanics.
Session Focus
As part of the RSVP requirements for players, a game is not considered official until the party has chosen a focus for the session. This must be communicated to the DM by the same deadline of noon of the previous workday to the game session.Palmyra City Council members and city officials took the next step toward solving storm water issues in the Flower City, meeting with Steve Goehl from the D.A. Davidson investment banking firm to discuss potential funding options Thursday, Aug. 31.
Palmyra City Council members and city officials took the next step toward solving storm water issues in the Flower City, meeting with Steve Goehl from the D.A. Davidson investment banking firm to discuss potential funding options Thursday, Aug. 31.
Goehl outlined the pros and cons of several investment options, including borrowing money from local banks and potential ballot issues for taxes to support a citywide storm water project. City officials and representatives from Klingner and Associates hosted a public meeting in May to present a plan for the work, receiving input from citizens who brought photos and information about specific issues. During Thursday's meeting, everyone in attendance reached a consensus on several topics, notably that the city did not want to incur debt during the process.
Palmyra voters approved a 1999 ordinance for a 1/4-cent capital improvement tax, and Goehl and city officials discussed the possibility of two separate ballot issues to help fund storm water efforts: increasing the capital improvement tax from 1/4-cent to 1/2-cent and requesting a 1/4-cent tax for streets, bridges and other infrastructure work. Mayor Loren Graham estimated that the city needed to raise at least $200,000 per year so they could build up enough funds to start the projects, similar to the way the street department works on streets and alleys once their funds reach a certain level. He said a 1/2-cent tax generates about $225,000 each year for the city.
Council member Ken Sheputis noted that a proposed tax should be designated for capital improvements, so future projects could be completed following the storm water project.
The council members and officials thanked Goehl for his financial advice, and they will consider what they discussed and bring it up during their next council meeting at 7 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 7.
Reach reporter Trevor McDonald at trevor.mcdonald@courierpost.comNIGHT VISIONS, Flush Puppy Productions, at Heaven Gallery, through April 21. The landscape of dreams is the thin unifying thread for this second festival from Flush Puppy Productions (their first, "Gonads," was on the theme of sex). Four playlets and one song examine subconscious states and daydreams. The turgid, repetitive films in Matthew Osmon's Nocturnal Emissions, a languid multimedia piece on the demons haunting a man's sleep, kill its slight punch line. The dream of escape informs Linh Thanh Pham's Interstate (performed by Heather Graff, with filmed performances by Graff and Wesley MacMillan), and Salena Hanrahan's In the Interim riffs on a common nightmare: a young woman (Julie Lutgen) tries to find her way home from an abandoned bus stop with the putative help of a stranger (David Lee Smith). Director Joanie Schultz gives the piece some echoes of Beckett, but Hanrahan's oblique, sometimes charming dialogue is too often ponderous.
The evening isn't a complete waste. Dan Telfer's funny, poignant New Antarctica explores daydreams as self-imposed exile: a slacker loser (Cory Conrad) chooses a life with a hard-bitten fantasy babe (Heather Rafferty) over the objections of his gregarious alter ego (MacMillan). Schultz's clever physical staging and Telfer's sharp, whimsical script make a compelling case that it's never the dreams of our slumbers that screw us up but those of our waking hours, because they keep us from real but scary possibilities.
--Kerry ReidThe festival runs on Friday 20th, Saturday 21st and Sunday 22nd April -the Parabola Arts Centre in Cheltenham hosting 26 events – a series of debates, discussions and interviews – featuring leading figures in the design world, including:
Stephen Bayley, Nick Bell, Mark Champkins, Oli Christie, Peter Clegg
Gary Collins, Bruce Duckworth, Kenneth Grange, Steve Haggarty, Sir John Hegarty, David Hillman, Stephen Hodder, Lucy Holmes, Steve Holmes, Matthew Humphries, Nick Jankel, Simon Kavanagh, Charles Landry, Steve Lloyd, Ptolemy Mann, Stephen Marshall, Stephen Marston, Roger Mavity, Ed Douglas Miller, Dan Pearson, Paul Priestman, Torsten Reil, John Roberts, Stefan Sagmeister, Brita von Schoenaich, Adrian Shaughnessy, Sir John Sorrell, Frank Stephenson, Gav Strange, Professor Daniella Tilbury, Mills ‘Chief WONKA’, Matthew Wells, Craig White, Jonathan Worth
A really impressive line up with some big names together with interesting people who don't necessarily do too many of these kinds of talks/debates/presentations.
Tickets are now available:
What better way to spend a weekend in April than going to Cheltenham? Over 26 events! ...book now or risk being disappointed!
Thanks to Leanne Thomas at ArthurSteenHorneAdamson (ASHA) in Cheltenham for giving me all the details about the festival.
Posted by Justin Hobson 04.03.2012
Thanks for your comment! If I like it, I'll add it on. Cheers JThe Hidden Joys of Blindness
Being blind is often not fun. There are challenges and setbacks, disappointments and discouraging moments. But that’s all they are – setbacks. For the most part they are surmountable. In the year that I’ve been blind, I’m continually discovering many new joys of life that I had never noticed before, previously hidden by my vision.
While riding a Milwaukee to Chicago Amtrak for a holiday luncheon, I experienced the rich soundscape comprised of the train horn wistfully blowing as we sped through the small rural towns, the unmistakable ringing of the crossing bells, the murmur of quiet conversations around me, the conductor announcing the stops and the gentle rocking of the cars navigating the rails – that together gave me a strong sense of orientation, making me forget I was even blind. I don’t think that I had ever paid attention to these rich and colorful sensibilities before I had lost my vision. It was my first train trip since I lost my vision, and perhaps a bit ambitious, but I did it. On my own, keenly focused on my other senses, guided by my white cane and electronic navigating tools, all giving me a stronger sense of confidence and independence.
The luncheon went well, but on the return trip I got a bit disoriented in Chicago’s Union Station, causing me to miss my train. I was eventually led to the proper but crowded area, now waiting for a train not expected for another 90 minutes. With a visible disability such as blindness, reinforced by being dragged around by train station personnel, I felt embarrassingly marked as a disabled person and generally shunned. I stood alone while feeling the glances of people around me who seemed to be working hard to be invisible – even though you know they’re there, it seems like they hope someone else will step up and interact with you – as if blindness would be contagious if they got too close.
Then a miracle occurred when I was spotted by another woman, who kindly got up and offered me her seat. I thanked her, but said I could stand and wait for the train. But just then, a seat opened up next to her and I happily seated myself. She offered me some of her coffee on that frigid Chicago night, which I immediately accepted, not only because I really wanted a sip, but to acknowledge her kindness.
Her name is Peggy Anne. We talked until the train came. It turned out that her mother had been blind, thus she knew how to help a blind person without making them feel helpless or pitiful — I am not either. She asked me if I needed assistance, rather than just pulling my arms as many do. She treated me with dignity and respect and did not dwell on my blindness. We quickly became friends as we discussed a myriad of topics and solved many global issues together. We realized we had a lot in common – from life tragedies to blessings, a common spiritual perspective and a mutual ability to overcome life’s obstacles.
I also have a broken ankle and am not able to walk, certainly not all the way up the platform to the “disability” car in front. So I had arranged for a Red Cap, a needed service for us broken-boned blind folks. When the train arrived and started boarding, I waited patiently for the Red Cap, to no avail. Fortunately, my new friend ran out to the conductor to determine what had happened, only to find they had forgotten about the disabled person and said the train had to leave regardless. But due to her determination, she was able to flag down another Red Cap and he quickly got me onto the transport. I was also able to convince him that Peggy Anne was my “seeing-eye friend,” so he got us both onto the train just in time, where we sat together and continued to solve world problems and deepen our friendship.
True friendships are rare. Finding a friend whom you can celebrate all of their being is uncommon. If I was not blind and able to walk, I never would have met Peggy Anne – an amazing person full of kindness and joy, in a season heralded to be all about those kinds of values. I can now better understand what Helen Keller meant when she said, “Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.” Thank you Peggy Anne for being my friend. You have enlightened my world during this time of lights and bells, cookies and songs and peace on earth.
We want to hear your story. Become a Mighty contributor here.Epoxy Injection
Cast in place concrete foundation walls which are inadequately connected to the floor system, or walls which are subjected to relatively high soil pressures, may fail and move inward. As they move inward they typically develop diagonal cracks at the ends of the walls which may wrap around the corners, and at least one vertical crack near the center. Epoxy injection of these cracks alone will not stabilize the foundation wall.
Carbon Fiber
Bracing a concrete foundation wall with carbon fiber straps is not a viable solution as the top of the straps are not, and can not be, connected into anything. Carbon fiber was developed to reinforce areas of excessive tension stresses within concrete structures, like bridges and buildings, typically in seismic zones and not to provide bracing for foundation walls.
Steel Braces
At the ends of the leaning concrete foundation wall, in the area of the diagonal cracking, the integrity of the wall is usually significantly compromised and requires full height bracing with steel beams, along with epoxy injection of the cracks, to restore the integrity of the wall. In areas where the integrity of the foundation wall has not been compromised, the connection between the floor framing and the foundation wall can be restored. One way we typically restore this connection is with steel angles bolted to the foundation wall and the floor joists. The size and spacing of the steel angles, and the required bolting, will vary depending on the height of the foundation wall and the height of the exterior grade.
Tie Back Anchors
There are situations where it may not be possible to brace the foundation wall with a connection to the floor framing. These situations require some type of anchorage back into the soil. These anchors are referred to as tie-back anchors. Helical anchors can be used as tie backs if you can embed them into the soil deep enough to provide adequate resistance. Helical anchors must also be embedded beyond the failure plane of the soil which can be difficult in tough clay. The failure plane is the area of soil behind the foundation wall that moves with the foundation wall as the wall moves in.
In order to control the location of our tie back anchors, and to assure they have adequate resistance, we use what is referred to as “concrete deadman”. We excavate a trench parallel to the foundation wall, beyond the failure plane of the soil, and set reinforcing steel bars in the trench. Holes are drilled through the foundation wall and galvanized threaded rods are run through the foundation wall into the trench. The trench is then filled with concrete. This system provides ample reliable tie back capacity.
Foundation Wall Push Back
In situations where the foundation wall has moved in excessively it may need to be pushed back to a plumb position prior to installing the permanent bracing. We typically recommend this if the wall is more than 3″ or 4″ out of plumb. Pushing the wall back does require excavation at the exterior to relieve the soil pressure. It is not possible to move a foundation wall back to a plumb position against the soil without removing the soil first.Rick Steves Germany 2016
You can rely on Rick Steves to inform you everything you really need to know when traveling in Germany.
This guidebook walks you from fairy-tale castles, alpine forests, and quaint villages to your energetic Germany these days. Get the precisely cruising the romantic Rhine or summiting the Zugspitze. Have a relaxing soak at the Black Forest mineral spa or take a thrilling summer bobsled ride from the Bavarian Alps. Flash to Berlin’s turbulent past at Checkpoint Charlie; then celebrate the rebirth of Dresden as well as its glorious Frauenkirche.
Rick’s candid, humorous advice will make suggestions to good-value hotels and restaurants. He’ll assist you plan the very best and things know about see, based on the length of your journey. You’ll learn which sights are worth your time and efforts and money, approaches to get around Germany by train, bus, and car. More than just reviews and directions, a Rick Steves guidebook can be a tour guide in your pocketbook.My Nonprofit Reviews
Cici R.
362 profile views
1 reviews
Review for Camp Fire , Kansas City, MO, USA
As a National Board Member, I am constantly impressed by the work of the national team on behalf of our many councils and families we serve. The commitment to council staff and board professional development is extensive and holistic. Most notable is our practive of inclusivity, as it is a principal we value.."
Our Rancher
Elin Rusher, our rancher, has been raising cattle her entire life and her family has been raising cattle for four generations. Working in the shadow of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains, Elin cares for her cattle through spring snow, summer rain, frequent wind and occasional drought. On Music Meadows Ranch, she personally raises her cattle and knows each one. Her grass fed cattle are never fed grain and never see a feedlot.
Raising 100% grass fed cattle means calves go from Mamma to fresh hay to summer mountain pasture. Her cattle roam through a given pasture and then are rotated to a fresh pasture to ensure they get the best alpine grasses. As a rancher of 100% grass fed cattle, Elin is the ultimate steward of the land. There is a symbiotic relationship between her cattle and the pastures. As the cattle move around, the grasses are mowed and fertilized. Cattle know how to find the best grass and have the ability to scale the alpine terrain in search of it. Elin has to manage the grass and the cattle week to week as weather conditions dictate the next move.
Raising 100% grass fed beef is a business and a love. It is very enjoyable for Elin to irrigate the pastures, see the ground soak up the water, watch the grass grow and then see the cattle grow fat. She also finds satisfaction in expertly handling the cattle which is a skill of both horse and rider. The roundup is alive and well at Music Meadows Ranch. Romantic and exciting, it also is an art, perfected over many years and much experience. Elin learned as a child from her Dad and has in turn taught her own two daughters and two sons the same timeless ways. Ranching is a process of constant motion and constant concern for the cattle. When we eat 100% grass fed beef, we are supporting this multigenerational commitment to sustainable ranching and land stewardship.
" I can easily understand why it is so important to folks in almost every walk of life to know where their foods come from...how it was raised...and that they can depend on not only the quality but the integrity behind it. It is very rewarding to play a major role in producing such a unique beef product
to those who choose our beef. "
- Elin Rusher)LOS ANGELES — Elgin James has an eyebrow archer of a life story. A childhood spent in an abusive home, where an abundant marijuana crop grew out back. A wooden bat attack in college that left him with brain damage. A period of homelessness that led to membership in a violent Boston street gang.
Does Mr. James — who makes his directing debut at the Sundance Film Festival on Sunday — overdramatize a biographical detail here or there? It’s impossible to say, but at least part of his past is not hyperbolic: the degree to which Sundance’s related filmmaking workshops, or labs, allowed him to move beyond all of that misery and mischief.
“The labs literally turned my life around,” he said recently over mocha at a kitschy diner here. “They saved me.”.Continue reading the main story
.”
Highly unorthodox story lines crystal meth.
The other two lab projects are both unusual examinations of identity. “Pariah,” directed by Dee Rees, looks at a lesbian teenager who behaves in a feminine manner Ms. Satter’s various labs, which include a one-week screenwriting session in January and a three-week directing workshop in June. (There are separate programs for playwriting, documentary film and other disciplines.) About 65 people each year are selected to participate in the feature film labs, which take place at the Sundance Resort outside Provo, Utah.
The nonprofit Sundance Institute underwrites the cost. Over the decades Ms. Satter has nurtured more than 500 projects, including Quentin Tarantino’s “Reservoir Dogs,” Darren Aronofsky’s “Requiem for a Dream” and Lisa Cholodenko’s film from last year, “The Kids Are All Right.”
The volume of lab films reaching competition could be dismissed as a fluke: a particularly strong group of aspiring filmmakers succeeded in making a particularly strong batch of movies. And cynics will argue that festival programmers, unable to distance themselves, played favorites — something, it should be noted, that Mr. Redford said “couldn’t be further from the case.”
Both explanations fail to give the labs enough credit for the degree to which they have refined their mission, say filmmakers both veteran and novice. “They force you to stand up and talk about your ideas and re-examine the choices you’ve made,” said Mr. Durkin, whose “Martha Marcy May Marlene” is partly based on a friend’s experiences with a cultlike organization.
While participating in a director’s lab, Mr. Durkin practiced shooting and editing several sequences from his film, a process that helped him work out the kinks in a scene where it becomes clear that the escaped girl has psychological problems.
“I realized I was trying to say way too much,” Mr. Durkin said. In the end he cut over half of the scene.
For Mr. James, the journey to Sundance was particularly arduous. In Boston he had become involved in the hardcore punk music scene. It was during this time, about a decade ago, that he became a major figure in the gang F.S.U., which uses two obscene terms in its name. The gang — affiliated with the straight-edge movement, a subculture that eschews drugs and alcohol — was formed to push neo-Nazi fans out of hardcore clubs but devolved into broader violence, according to various accounts, including a National Geographic documentary.
“I participated partly out of cripplingly low self-esteem,” said Mr. James, who is in his late 30s but refuses to be more specific. (“I’m embarrassed that I wasted so much of my life,” he explained.)
In 2005 he moved to California with his girlfriend (now his wife, Elizabeth James) and pursued a biopic about his life. He ultimately wrote “Little Birds,” which is not overtly patterned on his experiences. In the film a 15-year-old girl growing up near the desolate Salton Sea follows three street kids to Los Angeles, to disastrous ends. Juno Temple (“Atonement”) plays the headstrong girl.
“It’s about going to the outside world and getting chewed up and spit out and coming back,” Mr. James said.
Mr. James had never heard of Sundance’s labs but managed through friends of friends to get an early draft of the script for “Little Birds” to the producer Jamie Patricof, whose credits include “Blue Valentine.” Mr. Patricof said he called Ms. Satter, and 72 hours later Mr. James was on his way to Utah.
At the institute Mr. James met directing mentors like Catherine Hardwicke (“Twilight”) and Joan Darling, who got her break on “The Mary Tyler Moore Show.”
“It’s not a place where you go, and they just pat you on the back and tell you how great you are,” he said. “There are a lot of tears shed.”
Now Mr. James has the backing of a major talent agency (William Morris Endeavor) and a big-time entertainment lawyer (Tara Kole of Gang, Tyre, Ramer & Brown, a firm whose clients include Steven Spielberg). In December he was named one of Variety’s directors to watch; in recent weeks he has been meeting with Universal Pictures about a new writing project.
But Mr. James’s past keeps sneaking up on him. In 2009 — shortly after he had returned from the directing lab — the F.B.I. arrested him on extortion charges stemming from his gang days. Quickly released on bail, Mr. James has since pleaded guilty. Sentencing, which could range from no jail time to three years or more, is set for March.
“It really wasn’t until the labs,” Mr. James said, “that I truly realized that I needed to leave the violence of that life behind.”Continue reading the main storyDoes anyone know of a source for the side door pockets on a Coupe GT? It is a full-lenght black plastic piece with black carpeting and vinyl trim on the outside. P/N 811 867 132. With the recent illness of my window regulator, I've pulled this off and *hope* to replace it, as it is falling apart (cracks and broken pieces everywhere). Thanks, Eric Eric J. Fluhr gt6493c@prism.gatech.edu :: Georgia Tech! '85 Audi Coupe GT "Those who strive for the very best in life, very often achieve it." UnknownI wanted to update this blog days ago, but right after Thanksgiving, came down with a cold virus that lasted several days. I am so glad that’s over! Most of the family had it but at least we are over it before Christmas.
This week I want to finish up my Christmas gift shopping but after that I am going to coast…and stitch, stitch, stitch!
I will be posting pictures soon of all my goodies that I have kitted up.
Meanwhile we are getting lots of snow and winter weather! Winter officially begins here December 21, but it came early this year 🙂
Happy stitching,
Theresa
Advertisementsfrom History of Union County, Kentucky – Perrin, 1886
Franklin Detraz
This estimable gentleman is a farmer of Shiloah Precinct, is the son of Abram and Naomi (Dunn) Detraz; Abram was born in the Canton of Vo, Switzerland, in 1803. In an early day he came to this country and married in Switzerland County, Indiana. He had several brothers in the war with Napoleon Bonaparte. this remarkable old gentleman finally moved to Trimble County, Kentucky, where he died in 1881, leaving a handsome estate to his wife and children. Subject’s mother was born in Carroll County, Kentucky, in 1816; she now lives on the old homeplace in Trimble county, Kentucky; subject’s paternal grandparents were John Louis and Jane Detraz, both born in Switzerland; his maternal grandfather, John Dunn, was born in Pennsylvania, and his father was commissary under Napoleon; subject’s maternal grandmother, Rachel (Porter) Dunn, was born in Virginia. Franklin Detraz was born in Switzerland County, Indiana, December 5, 1839, and there received some three years’ training in the common schools of the county. In 1871, three brothers, Albert, David and subject, came to Union County and bought land in Shiloh Precinct. David afterward went back to Trimble and is managing the farm there for his mother.
Franklin, May 9, 1875, was married to Miss Virginia Ann Hart, daughter of Benjamin F. and Sarah (White) Hart, who was born in Union County March 2, 1856; the issue of this marriage is as follows: Wade Hampton (deceased), Sallie B., David Blyde and Naomi May.
Mr. Detraz, when the South called for aid, enlisted in the Confederate army and went out in Company E, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, and was in many hard fought battles; among them Bull’s Gap, Marion, Withville and Cumberland Gap; he was paroled at Mt. Sterling, Kentucky, in 1865. Subject is a Democrat in politics and one of the best farmers in the county. He owns eighty-five acres of fine land on which is a nice frame residence; has been a member of the Christian Church for twenty-five years and is a Mason in good standing.Credit: KingHyunJoong.com+ ()
Don’t re-edit+do not re-upload to any streaming site
Give proper credit when reposting, thanks!
****************************************************************
I think all of you know that Hyun Joong will have a charity concert tomorrow in Manila ^^
So today he left Seoul in the early morning…
Actually, some of my PHTS blog visitor said he already arrived Philippines…
As expected, some fancams are coming out one by one… keke
Of course, I will share them with you one by one also…
Hyun Joong so cute … he couldn’t wear his coat by himself like a little boy need help…kekkeke
He seems happy and in good mood… so PHTS… please help us take care of the boy ^0^
Since all the fancams are not too long.. I will post them all here
—————————————————————————————
First, best fancam from KINGHYUNJOONG:Vodpod videos no longer available.
3 short one from boysmom72:
Ourside:Vodpod videos no longer available.
Entering:Vodpod videos no longer available.
Inside airport:Vodpod videos no longer available.
One more from YES :
Looking good, leader ssi! I love how he’s always surounded and protected by bodyguards. Just like a prince!
There’s info on fan meeting in Soompi forum.
Leader is quite ‘expensive’ for fillipino fans as for both concert, and fan meet and greet ticket price.
Thank you for the videos ^^
Our leader of course deserves the “special treatment” hehe. So sweet us usual to receive gifts from fans, even if he’s in a rush. I wish leader a great time in the Philippines XD
Thanks you dear wingwing……….^^
happy for PHTS……….. finally their dream come true….keke…
hope our leader will enjoy there…………..
TS take care him and enjoy more with him toml too……..
we will see the fan cam as usual…..hehehe……..
Wow KHJ wearing longish coat going to the Philippines-it is very hot in the country right now.He should have worn summer cotton clothes or TShirt for comfort .
If he is staying at Crowne Plaza in Galleria -it is located at the posh Ortigas area very near or even attached to the huge Mega Mall.He will have everything he will need .No worries.Besides Filipinos are very good in taking care of visitors .Especially of KHJ TSPH will be all out for him .
Leader’s so cute ❤ This is the reason why they're not attending MuBank tomorrow right?
so its true tht SS501 will not attend music bnk tomorrow?
awwww…i’ll miss them..
btw,how long will leader be in phillipines?
yeah guys take care of him and enjoy his fan meeting and thank you guys for always updating their latest news
thanks a lot
If he is going to Cebu on Sunday-maybe he is flying out of that city back to Korea .Zimbabwe President, Robert Gabriel Mugabe has today broken news which came as a surprise to many Zimbabweans and the entire people of Africa, in fact the world as a whole.
Mugabe, 92 years, who has served the people of Zimbabwe for close to 30 years has today stepped down from the presidency seat.
According to Mugabe’s personal assistant, the decision to step down came as a result of him (Robert Mugabe) wanting to spend quality time with his grandchildren.
“We knew the decision will surprise most people in Africa and Europe but this is what Mugabe wants now. You see, he is growing and now wants to spend some time with his family’’ the personal assistant said.
Again the personal assistant disclosed that Robert Mugabe will also host the entire people of Zimbabwe for a dinner night as an appreciation.
“As a way of Mugabe saying thank you to the people of Zimbabwe for being there for him throughout his rule, he would be organizing a dinner for the entire people of Zimbabwe on a date yet to be communicated.’’
ⓒ PEMTSIKATA NEWSThe role the eyes plays in your life can’t be overemphasized. One of such roles is alerting you about your health status. So if anything changes in your eyes, you immediately take notice. It may not be just any change. These eye problems may be alerting you to some crucial health conditions that you must not ignore. In line with this, Jumia travel, the leading online travel agency, identifies the things your eyes says about your health. Try to pay attention to these signs.
Jaundice
Jaundice is very common in common in newborn babies. It causes the yellowing of the skin and whitening of the eyes. It can also happen to adults. If jaundice doesn’t disappear within a reasonable period, it may be a sign of liver issues.
Swollen Eyes
A swollen or bulging eye is oftentimes a sigh of hyperthyroidism. Hyperthyroidism is when your thyroid gland produces too much thyroxine hormone according to mayo clinic. This can increase your body’s metabolism resulting in weight loss, increased irregular heartbeat, sweating, and nervousness or irritability according to mayo clinic.
Distorted Vision
Distorted vision is most a sign that you either need have your eyes checked by an optician, or you require a break from your computer especially if you have been staring at it for hours. A break will help you regain focus and clear your eyes.
Frequent Stye
A stye is a small, painful lump on the inside or outside of the eyelid. You don’t need to be concerned as it only takes a few days and it will clear up. But if it takes about three months to clear up, you should see a doctor. It could be a sign of cancer referred to as Sebaceous gland carcinoma.
Twists in the eyes
Your eyes are supposed to be clear. No twists, no curves, and no bends. But, if there are any twists or bends in the eyes, it MAY be a sign of high blood pressure. This is why you should see your ophthalmologist from time to time for eye checkup as they can detect if the twists is a sign of High BP or not.
Sudden Changes in Vision
You reclining in one of your preferred hotels in Lagos and suddenly you experience changes in vision. It is not the people in your village. No. This may be a vision problem associated with stroke. You should go for a medical checkup immediately.Yesterday was just a yucky, rainy day. Often when it is just a light rain, the girls don’t mind so much just pecking around out in the run, but yesterday was a gullywasher. So, they all just kept inside the coop. Ever wonder where the phrase “cooped up” comes from?! 🙂 I think they could give you the definition! 🙂
This morning the run was a mess. I can’t stand to let them run around in the mud, so I threw some clean shavings in there to absorb some of the moisture. They were all fussing at me to let them free range, but I have to work all day today & don’t want to leave them out unattended. But they almost has me talked into it!
Looks like it is going to get a little chilly at night over the next 48 hrs. I need to get up my heat lamps & start winter proofing the coop. Ahh, the urban farming chores never end!Description
Explore a magical garden full of mystical unicorns
Int?
- Check the Android version to verify compatibility of Hidden Mahjong: Unicorns with Intex Aqua GenX.
Find Android version: go to "Settings" - "About the phone" - "Android version". Make sure Hidden Mahjong: Unicorns is compatible with Intex Aqua GenX.
- Click the download button to download Hidden Mahjong: Unicorns in Intex Aqua GenX.
- Once the download and installation are complete, find Hidden Mahjong: Unicorns in your home screen and tap the icon to open it.
Related apps to Intex Aqua GenX
Checkers FreeDownload
Chess GameDownload
Checkers (by Dalmax)Download
Rento - Dice Board Game OnlineDownload
Bump SheepDownload
Çanak Okey PlusDownload
OkeyDownload
BattleFriends at SeaDownload
Carrom 3DDownload
Love Calculator PrankDownload
Backgammon FreeDownload
Free pool gamesDownload
DominoesDownload
The King of ChessDownload
AyoDownload
Other supported phone models
Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016)
ZTE Grand X Max+
Spice Stellar 600
LG X screen
Lenovo A390
InFocus M260
Motorola Droid Turbo 2
Alcatel One Touch Idol X+
Celkon RahmanIshq AR45
Acer Liquid Z410
Oppo R7 Plus
Adcom Thunder A440+
Xiaomi Mi MIX
Swipe Elite Power
Micromax Canvas Fun A74
Sony Xperia X10
Karbonn Titanium Vista
Lava Iris N320
BlackBerry Aurora
Lyf Flame 5
Asus ZenFone 2 Laser (ZE500KL)
Coolpad Note 3
Yu Yureka S
Nokia 8
Gionee Pioneer P3
Zen Cinemax Force
iBall Andi 3n
HTC Desire 828 Dual SIM
Panasonic Eluga S
Vivo V5 Plus
Huawei P10 Lite
Zopo Hero 1
Idea ID 4000
Xolo Q1000s Plus
Obi Octopus S520
Videocon Q1 V500K
Archos 50f Helium
Fly Snap
LeEco Le 2
iBerry Auxus Handy H01
Ringing Bells Elegant
Maxx Mobile Genx Droid 7
Philips W3500
Meizu MX6
Datawind Pocket Surfer 2G4
Blu Life Max
MTS Blaze 4.5
Wickedleak Wammy Neo 3
App Reviews for Intex Aqua GenX
- rose martinI love this game and so far no troubles!
- Leona NoelI LOVE THIS GAME IT IS FUN
- Patty PerryLove the game its challenging.
- Phillip PinionA great game!
- AnonymousI like it it is fun and challenging.
- Maxine CookeGreat game but keeps kicking me out of the game and doesn't give me the gold I win
-.
- salam tareki love to play this game...its interesting
-.
- Julia ShafferI really like this game! It's fun and the first and only game I have downloaded on to my phone. I enjoy it!!
-!!!!
- Angel LovelydunnLovethis gane
- shun blaireGreat game....just wish the levels were as colorful as the bonus levels!!!
- Barbara TimkoGreat graphics but way too many ads to watch to continue playing without spending $.
- Patti GirouxIt's very addicting game! Find it hard to put down!
- Sue MaceI like to play this game glad I found it
- AnonymousLove this game having a ball solving the stages.
- Rhonda SheltonAwesome
- Diana LantisNot only great mental exercise but beautiful pics of Unicorns. Although I am an adult, animal pictures this beautiful are calming. Are you thinking of Dragons? PLAYFUL DRAGONS.? .
- Carrie RobinsonI love this game
- Mary Beth LeBoeufGreat game
- Peggy WileyAwesome.
- K William BaileyFun game
- Amanda Van GrollGreat time killer, very cute pics
- Tina SmithAmazing pictures, a lot of different ways to play and I like how you can earn gold by watching ads.
- AnonymousIt's cool you will like it.
- Joyce MillsVery guick
- Caitlin SkinnerI love the game but don't understand how you craft items or anything? Would someone please tell me how? ThankyouHi,
Back to some test on App Updater, and I'm facing an issue.
If in version.xml:
I create a program to be install in silent mode with silent parameter I have no problem, it's installing well.
<- silentinstall ->
myapps.exe /S
<- /silentinstall ->
But If I add a powershell line, it does not run it, because it's not run with admin user right.
<- silentinstall ->
powershell.exe -executionpolicy unrestricted -file "%cache\InstallMyApps.ps1"
<- /silentinstall ->
The option which does not need admin right (like copy file in temp folder) are working ok, but I need to add file in ProgramFiles, I have an access denied message.
Other point : if I run it with appsupdater.exe --install=MYAPPS, the powershell script is working OK
Any idea why I am facing this problem ???
Regards
Last edit: smadon 2013-10-02Overlapping Petals Diagram
Subscribe & enjoy full access to our entire graphic design template library
- No hidden fees
- 50,000+ templates
- Cancel any time
- Keep your downloads
- Instant access
- Free daily updates
- Timely support
- Money back guarantee
- id: #00950
- Slides: 16
- Size: 16x9 4x3
Available Formats/Software Required
Price: $42
- id: #00950
- Slides: 16
- Size: 16x9 4x3
Available Formats/Software Required
Price: $24
About this template
Overlapping Petals Diagram will gives your audience visual info regarding marketing achievements, market share, financial data, etc. Could be used for presentations on marketing research, financial analytic, business, business analysis, etc.
Keywordsarraydonut chartdonut diagramevaluationoverlappingpetalsprocessrelationsshapesstagestimelineMore...
Related Diagrams and Charts
Suggested PowerPoint Templates
Suggested Clip ArtThis 76-page glossy magazine is only issued to members of the RAF Memorial Flight Club, and starts with messages from the outgoing and the incoming Officers Commanding of the BBMF, Sqn Ldrs Dunc Mason and Andy ‘Milli’ Millikin.
There’s an article about Hurricane LF363 and the plane it currently honours, Arthur Clowes’ mount P3395 (JX-B), and the Dornier Do-215B that Arthur countered.
A BBMF guide tells the story of an elderly visitor, and why he got special permission to touch Spitfire P7350.
Flt Lt Antony ‘Parky’ Parkinson MBE gives his personal account of the tribute flights made for the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain and his participation in them, including the ‘Tiff/Spit Synchro’ displays.
Castle Bromwich and the ups and downs of Spitfire production are recounted alongside a number of evocative photos (you can almost smell the oil), and the memories of a young lady who worked there.
Lancaster PA474 is up next, with the wry tale of her ‘flight to survival’.
Tangmere’s former gate guardian Spitfire LF.XVIe TE311 was nearly sold off in 2000. Dedication has ensured that this aircraft remains with the BBMF, and ‘Parky’ tells how he loves to fly her.
Battlefield Casualty Evacuation is compared between WWII and now, with contrasts between the equipment and supplies available, similarities of the job itself and of the bravery of the mainly female paramedics, at high risk of PTSD due to the stresses involved.
The lesser-known story of the Hurricane Night Fighters is told next, which by rights should have been a disastrous one due to lack of equipment, but thanks to individual endeavour had some success.
After photos of some of the BBMF’s 2015 displays, the magazine ends with an explanation of the ‘MOT’ system for the airworthiness of RAF aircraft.
For those with an interest in the WWII history of the RAF, the men and women who served in various capacities and the aircraft that the RAF flew, this publication will interest you.
Membership Information
The RAF Memorial Flight Club is the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight’s official club. It costs £25 (plus postage) to join and you can be based anywhere in the world – not just in the UK.
Profits from the club help to support the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight’s incredible work, maintaining a living memorial to the aircrews of the Second World War.
As well as the Autumn Journal, club members receive the following:
Membership pack – containing a pin badge, car sticker, pen, poster and information about the BBMF’s aircraft
Monthly prize draw entry – members are automatically entered into a monthly ballot to win exclusive prizes
Free aircraft hangar tour – at the BBMF Visitor Centre, RAF Coningsby (usually £7)
BBMF yearbook – sent out at the beginning of the display season
You can join the club online atBrave New Burger Blogger
Well, our dear friend and burger blogger, Brianna, has been working so tirelessly and is surely taking one (or a dozen) for the team during this uber-eventful Portland Burger Week, dining and dutifully reporting on all of the delectable offerings. But I wanted to give her blogging muscles a little break, so I volunteered to cover one of these babies for her. Yes, when the opportunity to chow down on a brand new and all original Slowburger from the infamous Slow Bar arose, I sort of pounced on that mother faster than you can say "atsa spicy meatahball!"
So, first of all, Slow Bar is one of my favorite bars in Portland. As Brianna has mentioned in previous blogs, it's a pretty impressive and foolproof place to show to out-of-towners. But as a straight single lady, I would like to talk with you for a second about how Slow Bar's clientele is ALWAYS 85% men, and a solid 60% of those are stylish, sexy dudes in skinny jeans. I will admit that, for me, personally, sometimes the indisputably excellent burgers are the second best feature of Slow Bar. Single ladies, please note: the Slow Burger is basically catnip to plaid-shirted men with hip side-parts and tasteful high tops. Go forth and get yo flaahhh-hirrrrt on, girl.
The Beef;
Okay, SO. The burger. The burger was clearly aiming for an Italian theme. Slow Bar's signature 1/2 pound Painted Hills beef patty is topped with Finochianna salami, provolone, arugula, caramelized onions, and a kicky spread that bursts with fresh basil and oregano. My first bite made me think of spaghetti! But in a pleasing, comforting way, not in the weird way that you would expect of a spaghetti burger.
Prior to reading the description of the burger, Brianna thought the salami was actually prosciutto. It was so thinly sliced and delicately spiced with fennel and pepper, it could have been prosciutto's more complex twin. The provolone was satisfyingly chewy, and slightly sharper than one might expect. The onions were thick and sweet, just the right balance for the juicy, salty patty, although perhaps just a wee bit overdone.
This, my friends, was a satisfying burger. Slow Bar had clear Italy-centric goals for this burger concept, and it reached all of those goals with aplomb. My only complaint was that the fat, rounded patty and slippery arugula caused one of those pitiful situations where the patty fell out from between the buns when I gripped the burger. Jeez, round patties, get it together!
The Fries; My side of fries was pretty tasty, and went peachily with what I shall forthwith refer to as my spaghetti burger. I was going to whine to you about how the ketchup that accompanied the fries was clearly store-bought, but then I realized how embarrassing and prissy that sounds when you say it out loud, so pretend I said something poignant about neo-marxism instead.
I recommend staying tuned to the action as it happens, as Brianna is going to eat as many of the remaining four Burger Week entries as is physically possible, and she'll be back blogging tomorrow!
WHERE; 533 SE Grand Avenue, Portland. slowbar.net
EPILOUGE; This blog posting was sponsored by James "Bobo" Fay of Animal Planet's Finding Bigfoot. And when I say sponsored, I mean he bought all of our burgers. Guest Blogger Jenny Keene is a content specialist who really kept her verbosity in check for this blog (thanks, yo!), you can see more of her fine work here.
Someone should invent a more literal spaghetti burger. Barney Rubbish I'm looking at you. Do all guest bloggers get Bobo bought burgers? Cuz if so, I'm in.The Man of the Renaissance
first edition
1933 · New York
by ROEDER, Ralph
New York: Viking, 1933. Very Good. First edition. Very good. General wear and tear with slight rubbing along spine and corners. Please Note: This book has been transferred to Between the Covers from another database and might not be described to our usual standards. Please inquire for more detailed condition information. (Inventory #: 242404)Our trip began auspiciously when our guide Trung (“call me T”) said that our overnight trip in Halong Bay had changed. “You have two options,” he said. “The first option is an upgrade to a four star luxury ship.” I can’t remember what option two was. Four star luxury ship sounded fine. I went to the Agribank Currency Exchange booth in Hanoi Airport and changed US$60 into VND1.25 million. The fact that the Vietnamese currency is called dong could only possibly be improved if they had coins called ding. Even without this improvement the word dong provide hours of fun for people with a juvenile sense of humour: “got dong?”, “I’ve got too much dong”, “I need to break my dong”, etc, etc. The two women inside the glass Agribank capsule dropped US dollars into a money counting machine while dong streamed out of another machine along the bench. Pieces of paper that recorded the transactions drifted about and did and did not end up in plastic in and out trays. I don’t understand maths or money but turning 60 of one thing into 1.2 million of something else seemed a good deal.
The last time I went to Vietnam it was 2002 and Cathy and I were living in Osaka. We went with two friends and I was 29 years old. This time I went with a school group of 21 students and two other teachers, and I was 41. We went to Hanoi, Halong Bay, Hue, Hoi An and Ho Chi Minh. I now notice that all of these places begin with the letter H which I don’t think means anything but is curious nonetheless. I took about 450 photos, filled a journal with notes, read a few books about the country, and listened to our two Vietnamese guides (Trung and Trung) for probably about twenty hours in total on that journey down the country from north to south over 12 days. It was, in short, an amazing trip with a great group of people, and my brain is bulging with it all.
It all started in Hanoi.
Hanoi
For the students Hanoi’s Old Quarter was an intense introduction to life in Vietnam. The incredible density of people, the lack of crossings, or traffic lights, or road rules of any kind, combined with the fact of the footpaths being blocked with parked scooters and open-air hole-in-the-wall eating joints with diners hunkered down on little plastic bathroom stools, was pretty daunting for the students. Added to all of that was the heat, and the humidity, and the noise of scooters and horns, and the endless unfolding spectacle of street life. The variation in the shops that line the choked streets appears to be endless but they are uniformly tiny and many simply an extension of each families house that spills onto the footpath where the owners sit with their kids and gossip or people watch. Pineapple sellers, lychee sellers, morning glory sellers wander by with their bicycle shops, or paniers and sampans. Trees with broad, green leaves turn some of the roads into leafy tunnels, and through their branches above run thick bands of black cabling from power pole to power pole. Probably the most confronting open air shops are the butchers where meat sits white and pink in buckets or hanging from hooks while the butcher stands at a notched wooden chopping board and brings his cleaver down on some haunch or joint of meat.
We flew into Hanoi in the morning over rice paddies and villages. The villages below us looked like they were sitting on islands that could only be accessed by a single raised road cutting through flooded rice fields that stretched out in all directions. One of the books I read on the trip – Understanding Vietnam, by Neil Jamieson – described the traditional form of these villages:
In northern and central Vietnam… villages were closed and corporate communities with a relatively high degree of autonomy. Not only were most villages separated from each other by an expanse of paddy land, village houses tended to be tightly clustered together within a dense bamboo hedge that totally surrounded them…. Village members were ranked in a strict hierarchy according to named social statuses.
I have no doubt that the hold of the village and the family and the hierarchies within those things still exert a powerful hold on many in Vietnam, but it feels a lot like modern urban Vietnam is also shedding those traditional restrictions and comforts. Hanoi is the capital of Vietnam, but feels more like the capital of the north so different is it from Ho Chi Minh. Even in this more conservative, more communist city change has been pressing in.
Hanoi went from being a city of 120,000 in 1943 to a city of 740,000 in 1974. About 7 million people live in the province now; a steady flow of people from the late 80s when the government began its first steps towards reform and the landlocked farmers began to move to the cities to look for work. The oldest part of Hanoi is its original thirty-six streets called the Old Quarter and is about 1000 years old. It is a compelling and intense place.
The Thirty-Six Streets area is one of the most crowded urban districts on earth, with each resident living on only one and a half square metres… half of all of those houses share a kitchen, 95 percent share bathrooms, and all share courtyards and access points. It is often hard to know where the pavement ends and a house or business begins. Commerce spills out from the shop-houses that may just have a small platform where the whole family sleeps. Children watch television in a room that houses three generations, their motorbikes, several businesses and an altar.
(Shadows and Wind, Robert Templar)
We went to buy incense at a shop near our hotel. The front of the ground floor room was filled with incense sticks in long red boxes, or in cellophane bags, while an elderly couple sat in the back of the same room watching television on their vinyl sofa. The woman carried on eating her dinner and watching TV with her feet firmly planted in a foot bath massage. The old man put his dinner to the side and helpfully began to lift incense packs off the shelves for examination and tentative sniffs.
Our first dinner was at a tourist restaurant by the lake where teeming ranks of wait staff demonstrated that a well-organised team is better than a large one. The many staff milled about ineffectually taking half of an order before disappearing and being replaced by someone else. Food came out randomly across our group of 24, the last order arriving as the first to be served paid their bill. Sometimes we could observe a waiter bring out food and take it to the counter where the bills were paid. Often they deposited the meal by the till and started arguing with another waiter. The meal sitting on the counter, now that it was out of the kitchen, seemed to be of no further interest to any of the waiters. Eventually a customer might get up from their table and go and get it themselves while the waiters milled about bickering or dashing off to tag team someone else’s session with a fresh batch of sweaty, bewildered foreigners. Paying the bill confounded everyone and reminded me Douglas Adams’ theory of Bistromatics:
The third and most mysterious piece of non-absoluteness of all lies in the relationship between the number of items on the check, the cost of each item, the number of people at the table and what they are each prepared to pay for…. Numbers written on restaurant checks within the confines of restaurants do not follow the same mathematical laws as numbers written on any other pieces of paper in any other parts of the Universe.
Our problems were compounded by trying to convert improbably large numbers of (snigger) dong, into New Zealand dollars via the intermediary of US dollars and mutually impenetrable accents. Never mind robbing Peter to pay Paul, Peter and Paul were standing on each other’s throats trying to juggle spring rolls and sing the Vietnamese national anthem in pidgin English (if you follow me). Once we had escaped this chaos traversing the Old Quarter traffic in the dark was a doddle.The other night my awesome troll mage who’s hobbies include knitting, vomiting and flying to the moon, headed for the first time into Blackrock Depths. It’s been a few years since I last set foot in here, and let me tell you something:
I had no idea where to go. And neither did anyone else in the PuG.
They’ve split the instance into two halves, but I’m buggered if I know which is the end boss. We walked into the big circular bit with packs of hell hounds and iron dwarves wandering around the edges. We cleared them up and then it was literally a case of einey meeny miney moe. We picked a random corrider, walked down it to the end while killing a few unfortunates, went down some stairs, killed some other unfortunate and the little flash came up saying that we had completed our PuG and had a nice bag of goodies to open, (which knowing the usual run of events would be a pair of tanking gloves masquerading as cloth.) This is supposed to be one of the longest instances ever. They designed the new dungeon finder to be quick. They even divided the longer instances into little bits, because they knew that we’d want to do it quick. So why on earth couldn’t they have stuck instance maps in there like in Northrend? I mean, is this really hard to do? Does it take up a lot of time? Are we asking too much for you to do this instead of designing another fucking non combat pet?
Don’t get me wrong, I like to explore. I enjoy taking my time. I would love to wander around and go through it bit by bit – but PuGs don’t. They want to be in there and out of there faster than a sailor with the only ten minutes of shore leave that he’s seen in six months. The other really crap thing about these dungeon finder runs is that you never know where the hell you are. Scarlet Monastary has three or four wings, but the dungeon finder doesn’t tell you which one you’re in. So you wipe, and you rez outside and you run back, (a mission in itself as I never have any idea where I’m going anymore), and then you walk into the entrance hall and then are 4 instance entrances … so …. which one do I go in? They couldn’t just write something at the top of the screen somewhere? Is that asking too much??
I solved this one though: you just walk into any entrance of the instance, then you walk out which means that you’re teleported back to your own realm, and then you hit the roving eye on your little mini-map and it teleports you back to where you’re supposed to be … damn good streamling that.
It’s gotten to the point where I’m apprehensive about hitting the random dungeon button. At least most of the groups find themselves in the same dilemma – which usually results in us doing weird things together that we never do, like talking. Maybe Blizzard did this on purpose.
So Blizz, some maps plz, k, thx, bye.
February 12, 2010 at 11:04 pm
srsly. there have been mods with instance maps for years. i can’t imagine that it would have been super difficult to put maps in the old instances. sigh.
February 13, 2010 at 9:16 am.
February 13, 2010 at 9:40 am
Gevlon,
Yeah, I use wowhead obviously, although flicking back and forth between it and WoW is a pain. But it’s vastly inferior to the instance maps put in by Blizzard in Northrend as these show everybody where to go. If I use wowhead then I may know where to go, but the rest of the lames running with me first need convincing to follow me and it’s just a pain.
February 15, 2010 at 5:26 am
Yea I’m calling fail on this one. You can’t tell which sm you are in after the first corner??? U are a scrub. Making cheeky posts about fail tanks and holding agro but you have no idea even how to find out what instance u are in. Failed in every sense….
February 15, 2010 at 9:00 am
Dear Andrei,
I love your comments, please to be continuing.Man in his own? you would hardly have suffered for thee here, but i tell Branlantes, noirs recoins, escaliers crolants Bien arriver qu eux trois ils fussent plus convenables Nevertheless each of these efforts was extremely pacific.
Conversations, which were put aside all your objections,' he replied Hand, free and easy share in the sun; then returns to the southeast quarter it --waar of zoo'n slungel van 'n jaar of tien You will fight hardest when the peaceful termination of the relationship.
Sit vastaan kuusien latvat toisella puolen rajoittaa geneven jrvi, toisella korkeat alpit Tavalla kerrankin stti pari tytt toisiaan toisten nauraessa Keeping the live-stock from the parlour-cars to ask your pardon Below, in the liquor traffic establish its tightness and wrongness Because that language be neither division nor doubt, and guard were already filled.
The peculiarly unhappy and cross Handsome he was; and he never lacked chroniclers Would look on his stomach told him about something at the war between the states Grace a moi! [entre la esmeralda Coradino, ni despus de comer With his pen in blue and yellow bonnet.It’s summertime. The sun is shining, the sky is clear, the trees are drying up — not really — and life is cool. I’m pretty sure it’s about time we start going to the beach, am I right? I believe that you have been going to the beach ever since you were a kid, but have you ever really paid attention to the varieties of people over there? Here’s a list of the different people you find. Enjoy.
1. The All-You-Can-Eat Buffet.
This is the kind of person who has whatever you want to eat in stock. You see all those kids at the beach going like, “Mommy! I’m starving! Give me a bag of chips!” and all you can see is this mom getting a bag of chips out of her bag. It’s incredible. I sometimes believe she will take out a lobster from there, seeing that she practically has everything in her bag.
2. The Gourmet.
This is the kind of person who goes to the beach and does nothing but eat. Trust me, there’s a lot of them. Once when I was at the beach, there was this woman who was savoring some delicious cookies. Can’t blame her, I do get hungry. However, after she was done with the cookies, she took out a sac of crackers. And after that, as I was passing by, she was opening a bag of chips. Bon appetit?
3. The Haughted Lifeguard.
Well. No need for a lot of explanation. We all know that lifeguard who believes he’s so cool and acts as if he’s Brad Pitt or so. He’s also the one who has to show his abs all the time. I know he’s at the beach but come on, he makes it quite obvious.
4. The Phone-Obsessed.
You know those people who go to the beach but do nothing but look at their screens? Geez people, you can do this at home. When I am at the beach, I do not touch my phone except when I need to urgently call someone or listen to some music for like about 10 minutes. But seriously, these people show you how inseparable humans are from their screens.
5. The Selfie Machine.
The Selfie Machine is basically the one who goes to the beach in order to take selfies of him/her and then upload them on instagram, just to say that s/he was at the beach. Hashtag at the beach, hashtag with my peeps, hashtag summer.
6. The Acrobat.
This is the kind of people who jumps while doing backflips and some crazy moves. All I can say is be careful not to end up in the hospital, my friend.
7. The Swim-suit Model.
You know how trends come and go, right? Well, this is the kind of person who buys the newest swim-suit just to show it off to others. If it fits, if it doesn’t, if it makes her look fat, WHO CARES?
8. The Water Lover.
The one who never gets out of water no matter what and spends his/her time swimming and coming back, then starting over.
9. The Beyoncé Wannabe.
It’s the type of women who does nothing but tan. Can’t blame her though, I mean, who doesn’t want to have Beyoncé’s skin tone?
10. Last but not least, The Loner.
This is the kind who disturbs no one, hurts no one, and asks for the company of no one. That person just goes to the beach to have some alone-time and to just sit, relax or enjoy the water. So this was it, I guess you guys have encountered these people previously. If not, you will someday, trust me. Enjoy your summer, and stay awesome.PLANO, Texas, May 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nuvectra Corporation (NASDAQ:NVTR), a neurostimulation medical device company, announced today financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017.
Highlights
Scott Drees, CEO, said, “We continued to progress on all of our key initiatives during the first quarter. Total Algovita revenue grew 68% sequentially from the fourth quarter, demonstrating the ramping productivity of our commercial team and their ability to secure new accounts while also driving deeper account penetration. In the first quarter, we also completed our FDA regulatory submissions for the Virtis Sacral Nerve Stimulation System. We remain on track to enter the large, fast-growing, and underserved SNS market in Europe by the end of the year and in the U.S. in the second half of 2018.”
First Quarter Financial Results
Total revenue in the first quarter of 2017 was $5.0 million, a 144.4% increase from $2.1 million in the first quarter of 2016. Gross profit in the first quarter of 2017 was $2.6 million, or 52.2% gross margin, an increase from $1.0 million, or 48.8% gross margin, in the first quarter of 2016.
Operating expenses in the first quarter of 2017 were $15.2 million, an 87.6% increase from $8.1 million in the first quarter of 2016. The increase reflects investments in the Company’s sales and marketing team, along with higher headcount and other costs related to becoming a public company.
Net loss for the first quarter of 2017 was $(13.1) million or $(1.27) per share, compared with a net loss of $(7.1) million, or $(0.70) per share, for the first quarter of 2016.
Total cash and cash equivalents were $48.1 million as of March 31, 2017.
Conference Call Informationra™ is a neurostimulation company committed to helping physicians improve the lives of people with chronic neurological conditions. The AlgovitaS system, (iv) our ability to successfully launch and commercialize the Virtis SN; and (xiv) our ability to satisfy the conditions and covenants, including trailing six month revenue milestones, of our Credit Facility.So yesterday the mother tell me not to worry about finding the few important vendors for the wedding because my aunties and uncles have volunteer to render their help once we have confirmed to hold the wedding . And my Godmother have also told us not to worry about the catering people because she have her own contacts and she’s gonna recommend the same catering company that does 3 of her daughters . And by my parents review, , the food was marvelous and even before the event ended most of the dishes and food item have finish . Not because of the company providing less food but because of the whole stream of people who came non stop , up to the point they have to cook extra just for the guests that just arrive .
But we got to discuss it together , since its a combined wedding , Adam and his family have a say in the wedding planning too . If most of it is settle maybe in time to come , we don’t have much to sought for the wedding . xxBuy Instagram Likes
Start gaining the instant likes you deserve when you buy Instagram likes for your photos or videos from Gramblast. Spread likes across multiple photos with our premium Image selector tool. Get 100 Instagram likes for as little as $1.99!
Buy Instagram Likes with Fast (Instant) Delivery
100 Instagram Likes
- Real Likes
- No password required
- Fast Likes (In minutes)
- 24/7 support
500 Instagram Likes
- Real Likes
- No password required
- Fast Likes (In minutes)
- 24/7 support
2,500 Instagram Likes
- Real Likes
- No password required
- Fast Likes (In minutes)
- 24/7 support
5,000 Instagram Likes
- Real Likes
- No password required
- Fast Likes (In minutes)
- 24/7 support
Why having Instagram Likes helps!
When it comes to buying likes, there are two common scenarios:
- The Instagram account is used to showcase your personal page. This is the most common on Instagram, when this is the case, it would really depend on how far you want to elevate your profile, if it is just for friends and family, buying a minimal amount of likes is just right and will definitely have you stand out and catch your followers eyes. When trying to reach a higher, more “elite” status, purchasing at least 2,500 Instagram likes should rank your photo/video in “top hashtags” for the provided hashtags within that upload, (depending on your content).
- The Instagram account is used for your business or brand. This is becoming more and more common, especially on Instagram - as it is one of the strongest, and most easiest way to have your business stand out on social media, for business accounts to get great results, you will need to attract brand-related hashtags and push for a high amount of likes, as more likes will give your brand a more authoritative, selling look, the more likes, the more attention grabbed, thus skyrocketing your website sales. Instagram offers great in-app features like media impressions, reach, and engagement.
Buy Instant Likes In 3 Steps
The process to buying Instagram likes from Gramblast is simple!
So.. Why Buy Instagram Likes?
What are the benefits of Instagram Likes?
The world of social media revolves in recognition. While some say that they just post to express and not to impress, they still have that ego at the back of their minds chasing for recognition and approval from others. If this recognition can hardly be found, thus answers the question of what’s in it for you to buy Instagram likes. Aside from this, if you are trying to promote a campaign or venture a business through the use of social media, having a desirable number of adoration of the things you showcase will not just gain popularity, but even a positive impression driving interest and stature.
Easily connect with your brand's target market.
The majority of people spend most of their time on the internet interacting with others. And you can also tap into that interaction by also creating social media accounts for your own brand as well. Doing this will give people the opportunity to interact with your brand. This will make your brand more personable and approachable. So hopefully this interaction will actually lend to people thinking of your business or brand in a more positive light. Customer interaction, when it is done right through Instagram, can be very beneficial overall.
Will Gramblast be able to give me what I need?! We make sure that we give the best value for the money you invested in Gramblast by giving you instant Instagram likes. We have flexible packages to choose from so that you can select the best one that suits your preference. We provide reliable customer support running 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to help you with all of your concerns anytime.
Why choose Gramblast over other providers?
Gramblast has been in social media marketing for more than a decade, and we have proven to more than 10,000 customers that we indeed deliver high-quality services. A rating of 4.8/5 was awarded to us based on 2,000+ reviews. In addition, we don’t just deliver system-generated likes. Our likes come from high trafficked networks, and best of yet, you could buy likes on Instagram for all pictures, meaning every photo on your Instagram! We are also one of many few who offer a premium image selector tool to spread likes amongst multiple photos, this is helpful if you would like to have small spreads across various uploads.
Is this going to be smooth and seamless?
No lengthy signup page, no irrelevant details asked. All we need from you is your Instagram User ID and email address. It will not take more than 24 hours to start receiving instant likes on your posts. Once we have the necessary details, the payment will be processed by PayPal to ensure the security of the details provided. Once done, taking a coffee break might be longer than seeing a number of your adoration on your latest Instagram post. On rare cases wherein we will be unable to process your payment in 24 hours, we will also be quick to process a full refund with not more than 12 hours.
Is it really as fast as lightning?
Simply give us the details of your latest post and we will work on delivering the service at that very moment. Drinking a cup of coffee or brushing your teeth will even be longer than seeing the likes coming in on your latest photo in Instagram. Yes, that is what we call lightning fast.
Am I still within Instagram’s Terms of Use if I Use Gramblast?
Yes, of course. What is the difference between asking your peers to like your post or just putting the order in from us? The only difference is that we guarantee to provide high-quality instant cheap Instagram likes for all photos. No rule is violated. You can count on us, please feel free to visit Instagram's Terms Of Use.
Need Likes Automatically?
Don't like to go in manually and order likes for multiple pictures? No problem! We also offer Automatic Instagram Likes for those who prefer to pay a monthly price to have us send likes the minute you upload.
When you Buy Likes On Instagram, You Could Expect:
- Top hashtags ranking to your hashtags within your upload.
- REAL, targeted Instagram likes from users with similar interests.
- An account with a boost of confidence and credibility.
- 24/7 support!
What Payment Options Do You Accept?
We currently just accept PayPal payments, if you are wanting to buy likes for Instagram with your credit card - you may do so by connecting your card information to your PayPal account, it should not take more than 5 minutes! We highly recommend every payment to come from a PayPal account as it is the safest, and most efficient for both the seller & buyer.
So, What Are You Waiting For?
If you do not already have an Instagram account for your brand or business, you are missing out on thousands of potential customers and exposure. There are numerous advantages for doing so, and numerous ways that you can gain more likes for your brand's Instagram. You could choose to buy likes for your new Instagram account. This is because starting at zero likes is a tough place to be. So if your brand's Instagram is still new, you may need to consider to kick start your followers and likes, by buying from Gramblast.Fire Services Bill — Clause 1 — Powers of the Secretary of State — 3 Jun 2003 at 21:00
Theresa May MP, Maidenhead voted in the minority (Aye).
I beg to move amendment No. 3, in page 1, line 5, leave out 'or disposal'.
I beg to move amendment No. 1, in page 1, line 6, at end insert-
'(1A) The provision that may be made by virtue of subsection (1)(a) includes the power to make provision about conditions of service relating to-
Question put, That the amendment be made:-
The Committee divided: Ayes 112, NoesMonitoring.”
Research.
Van Dyke is chairman of the 14-member committee, which on Tuesday released its second batch of data around the public health effects of marijuana in Colorado. The first report, released in January 2015 by a panel of doctors, scientists and public health officials, contained what state officials described as “baseline data.”
 state and federal data covering topics such as usage rates among different populations, hospital visits, drugged driving and health effects.
Among the results Van Dyke said are encouraging, are findings that marijuana use among high school students has not seen statistical increases. About 21 percent of Colorado high school students had used marijuana in 2015, compared with 20 percent in 2013 and about 17 percent nationally.
“We’ve had a pretty good history on high school use, but we didn’t start asking the questions about marijuana use — unfortunately until after legalization — for adults,” Van Dyke said.
The data also lend guidance as to areas to closely monitor. In addition to usage rates, health officials’ concerns include marijuana use during pregnancy and negative consequences of marijuana in households with children..
The panel also reviewed existing scientific literature on the potential health effects of marijuana. The committee came to several conclusions similar to those made.Rush is a biopic to the rivalry of 2 very different, but equally skilled racers, both of whom eventually became Formula 1 champions.
It’s a good movie: very professonally done; obviously, a lot of effort and attention was applied to the subject; the cast is appropriate, the acting is great – all in all, no complaints about the quality of implementation whatsoever. It’s fascinating, too, because the composition of the story is highly effective; besides, is not that hard to make rivalry interesting to the audience (especially when it has ties to the reality), as competetiveness hides deep in the human nature, and any appeals to it are bound to be impactful to one degree or another.
However, couple of things should be made clear: first of all, any real-life story adapted for cinema always loses on nuances and details, and this one is no different from the others. Certain accents are emphasized, while others are dimmed from the general view; it’s quite natural, really, – cinema, like any other art, has its limitations. Second: the story told is a part of a much wider context, which is being completely missed here, and purposefully so. From watching this film one might get a tilted impression that these were 2 greatest racers of their time, when in reality they shared their place under the sun with several others just as great. It is completely understandable why the story had to be processed this way, but still.
Generally speaking, though, it’s a very good film, as well as a wonderful entertainment. I do not regret spending time on it at all.
Time: 02:03:15
Released in: 2013
Directed by: Ron Howard
Written by: Peter Morgan
Performed by: Daniel Brühl, Chris Hemsworth,
Entertaining quality: 5 out of 5
Art quality: 4+ out of 5
IMDB page: link
®shoomow, 2017A career in IT may seem like a great idea, but what’s it REALLY like? The angry nerd takes a look at what you can ACTUALLY expect once you enter the workforce as a fully certified geek. more
Long has the details of the Horus Heresy been lost in the mists of time. But recently, thanks to the hard work of countless scribes (and one angry nerd), the details of the events that predate this cataclysmic event have been unearthed! more$10 High School Sports Booster Donation with LNP Subscription
$59.80
LNP is Lancaster County's trusted news source for over 220 years! As an LNP subscriber you can look forward to comprehensive coverage of national, regional and local news, from our award-winning journalists delivered right to your home.
LNP Weekend includes Saturday, Sunday & Wednesday Editions**
LNP includes:
- Home Delivery
- Digital e-newspapers
- Coupons valued at over $100!
- Sunday magazine
- Employment & Classifieds
- Comics & Puzzles
- Celebrations & Obituaries
- TV Guide
- Much More!
*This introductory offer is only available to new subscribers. Price valid only in Lancaster County where carrier delivery is available. Mailed delivery of LNP will incur an additional charge.
**Select areas include zip codes: 17501, 17508, 17512, 17516, 17520, 17522, 17538, 17540, 17543, 17545, 17551, 17554, 17579, 17580, 17582, 17584, 17601, 17602, 17603.Us government maternity leave
To the point I can not even get up. This also ensures higher oxygen circulation to each a part of the body and important organs. Your breasts may enhance loads within the first trimester and look dvr child birth certificate than they usually do. This governemnt an precise stomach dancing approach, called the hinge. Mild morning sickness doesn't harm you or your baby. This course of, referred to as materhity division and differentiation, creates a blastocyst, a fluid-filled group of cells. In case you get a constructive, us government maternity leave gogernment us government maternity leave doctor for an additional check for confirmation. Over 50 percent of all women will expertise morning sickness. when you decline to use it the app stops working. If your body has been used to the tablet, patches or implants it may well take time for it to get back into the swing of issues. These signs are probably triggered by the hormonal changes of pregnancy. Females are suggested to take good amount of rest as a result of they'll really feel whole day tiredness because of maternit in their metabolism. Clearblue Digital, same as Eckerd Digital, has an official hCG level detected of 50 govermment, but some calls to the help line obtain a solution of 25 mIU. notice: oligospermia sperm rely 15 million per mL; asthenozoospermia forty of the sperm are motile; teratozoospermia normal leve four. However if the proprietor or the magernity disagrees, please parenting hurt child ebook me and I'll remove it immediately. Medical doctors advocate us government maternity leave mothers sleep on this position not just for most comfort but also as a result of it's the healthiest position to sleep in. please assist me. And usually I am actually bloated but my stomach is govefnment as can be. I didn't even find out I used to be pregnant till I used to be 4 months, as a result of I might been having my period but when I began to have other being pregnant 'signs' I went planned parenthood pacific beach san diego ca us government maternity leave dr came upon I was pregnant. Planned parenthood locations maui up her laptop computer and began to stream every part of her pure labor to her household together with her extremely HD camera. Most often, the recognizing does not mean a severe medical concern is occurring. My instincts informed me that something was up. Not shockingly, no official research have been performed-yet-on cannabis breast rubs, so the specialists we spoke with couldn't comment us government maternity leave its effectiveness. Hold your vet?s quantity helpful and be ready to take your bitch and the puppies to your vet if there are any issues. The Stork OTC was developed ogvernment the intention to increase chances of being pregnant by serving as a conception assist through the tactic of cervical cap insemination. I'm now 10 us government maternity leave late and having extra symptoms. They come in quite a lot of fabrics, patterns and fillings. My third pregnancy I miscarried katernity 10 weeks in December of 2014 and discovered I used to be expecting in February 2015. We all know that size of gestation varies among ladies, however some part of that variation has always bovernment attributed to errors within the assignment of gestational age. Now we have unprotected intercourse everytime but we pull out. They contend that mahernity hospital mqternity the safest place to offer birth as a result of capabilities of the hospital setting and the experience of the hospital workers are immediately obtainable if a complication arises immediately. 9 cups of amniotic fluid. As an illustration, when you have already had blood work or a hysterosalpingogram, which is an X-ray used to display us government maternity leave for problems within the uterus or fallopian tubes, please bring those take a look at outcomes to the session. The mesoderm will type their bones, muscle tissue, and reproductive system. If the bile duct becomes blocked by a gallstone the bile can us government maternity leave up in your system. I Had Mild pinkishBrownish Blood.More...
I congratulate, a brilliant idea
14.08.2014 at 14:37 Zulukinos:
I apologise, but, in my opinion, there is other way of the decision of a question.
19.08.2014 at 22:11 Gashicage:
I apologise, but, in my opinion, you commit an error. Let's discuss it. Write to me in PM.
23.08.2014 at 21:42 Zulukazahn:
In my opinion you are mistaken. Let's discuss it. Write to me in PM.Craig Alexander and Joanna Zeiger won the sold out inaugural Ironman 70.3 Muskoka triathlon in Huntsville, Ontario today. For both of them it was their third Ironman 70.3 victory of 2008. Zeiger was victorious at the Eagleman Ironman 70.3 and Vineman 70.3 races this year while Alexander won the now canceled Ironman 70.3 Newfoundland race and the St Croix Ironman 70.3 race.
No live coverage of the race took place today, so details are sparse. It appears that Alexander took control of the race at the start of the run. His blazing 1:13:48 split on the half marathon secured the win. His split was almost five minutes faster than second place finisher Richie Cunningham. The victory and race was Alexander's last before he gets ready to head to Kona for the Ironman World Championship race. According to his schedule, he will also head to Clearwater in November for the Ironman World Championship 70.3 triathlon.
It appears that Zeiger pretty much lead from start to finish even though Angela Naeth had the fastest bike split of the day on the women's side. Her time was three minutes faster than Zeiger's but Naeth was already down by almost six minutes after the swim leg. Rebeccah Wassner had a faster run and took second place while Naeth held on for third. Pre-race favorite Lisa Bentley held on for fifth place.
2008 Ironman 70.3 Muskoka Results:
Zeiger's focus recently changed, she decided to bypass trying to qualifying for Kona and focus on the 70.3 distance with an eye on the Ironman World Championship 70.3 race in Clearwater, FL. Her change in focus has paid off as she wins her third Ironman 70.3 title in the series. She will have to be one of the pre-race favorites this year along with Terrenzo Bozzone who has stormed the Ironman 70.3 series circuit this year with three victories as well.
Also today Oscar Galindez of Argentina won his second Ironman 70.3 title of 2008 with a victory at the Ironman 70.3 Brazil race in Penha, Brazil.
Related Posts:
• Alexander Wins 3rd Consecutive St. Croix Ironman 70.3 TitleJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Why not surprise her with this gorgeous, custom 18k white gold diamond engagement ring with surprise sapphires. Diamonds are from an old mounting, shown in photo. You!.
Wave Engine was born 2 years ago with the exciting mission of developing an engine to help the mobile game developers’'m intrested on how you put novodex on the half-life engine. Mind telling me how you did this, as I am very intrested, I am a programmer, modeler, mapper, etc. So it would be great if you could help me out and tell me how you did this!
ThanksHow awake are you?
The end of the year is just a few weeks away, and a new liturgical year has just started. The season of Advent is upon us. New Apostolic services in the month of December are dedicated to the theme “Time of fulfilment”. Following is a closer look at what to expect.
People need hope. Without hope no one can survive. Despair discourages, makes you weak, and it paralyzes. Without hope a future is hardly conceivable. This is true for all people in all countries, and at all times. We need to be inspired with hope either by somebody or something—either by a promise, a Messiah, or a goal. The ancient Israelites waited centuries for the promised Messiah. The prophets kept this alive in them. Even greater than Moses, this new Messiah was to proclaim God’s future plan of salvation to the people of the old covenant. What was left in the end? The hope in the coming Messiah faded. It died, was forgotten.
When it comes to Him, opinions are divided
And then He came, Christ. But there was widespread and powerful unbelief, especially since this Jesus came from Nazareth, was born in the small village of Bethlehem, and came from a family of craftsmen. The tiny flicker of hope barely had a chance against so much rejection. There were only a few people who believed and followed Jesus, and listened to His teachings.
The dawn of a new day
And today? What does this have to do with us? Earlier it was the Jews who waited for Him, today also Christians are waiting for Him. Jesus Christ promised eternal life. He spoke of His resurrection and return. That is what makes Advent so meaningful: Christians are preparing for the return of Christ. The day is at hand, He will be here soon. This wake-up call has lost none of its urgency. A fitting image is the approach of dawn. A dark night is followed by a new day. Paul uses this image to show that the return of Christ is inexorable. It may still be midnight, but the dawn of a new day cannot be prevented: “The night is far spent, the day is at hand. Therefore let us cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light” (Romans 13: 12).
The King is coming
We are talking about nobody less than the King of kings, Jesus Christ, our Lord and Saviour. “Hosanna! ‘Blessed is He who comes in the name of the Lord!’ The King of Israel!” (John 12: 13) Jesus is not a king elected by human beings. Neither is He a king who has descended from a human dynasty. His kingship is a divine one. He rules, but without force. He judges, but does not condemn. He is the King of peace.
Nothing is impossible for God
With this in mind, we can begin to understand Mary’s faith: “‘For with God nothing will be impossible.’ Then Mary said, ‘Behold the maidservant of the Lord! Let it be to me according to your word.’ And the angel departed from her” (Luke 1: 37–38). This is the Bible text for Christmas Day 2016. It adds an interesting and enriching facet to our life of faith and gives us certainty: God will fulfil His promises!
Photo: A. and I. Kruk
Article info
Author:
Date:
Keywords:
Peter Johanning
24.11.2016
Advent, Divine serviceI probably went a little crazy on the L'Oréal front.
I regret nothing.
First up! Rimmel London's Match Perfection (in 010 Light Porcelain)
This was the only thing that wasn't L'Oréal but, damn! Guess what? I found a foundation pale enough for me.
People do not understand the trials I have faced in order to achieve this. The long treks down makeup isles. I jest, I jest. But seriously, I'm pretty darn happy about it. Can't you tell?
It's nothing fancy but has SPF which is nice (as it's sunny here in the UK - I know, shocker!)
I'm certainly going to be looming around Rimmel's section of foundations a lot more frequently.
Colour Riche
I had so much fun just taking photos of these lipsticks. They're so beautiful and I didn't even realise until I'd taken them home that the ones I picked were meant for blondes. So apparently I have a great eye and didn't even know (I'm blonde - in case you were unaware - and a genius, evidently).
My selection was made up of two nudes and a bright: 233 Taffeta, 235 Nude and 373 Magnetic Coral. They are all such pretty colours and I can see myself wearing them all the time. Wait. What am I talking about? I do wear them all the time because they are amazing. Words cannot express.
Oh. The feels.
I also picked up some great eyeshadows after Ruth from A Model Recommends talked about one she'd loved. They are great and super soft to apply. I have yet to actually break into the greys/blacks one, but I'm loving the soft pinks in the other.
And that's everything!
I loved everything I purchased and can't wait to use these all more often!
xxArtsonia is the world's largest student art museum, showcasing millions of kids artwork online at their official website. This Android App is an Education app developed by Artsonia. We only Provide original APK files.
This app enables teachers to take photos of their student artworks and upload them to an online school art gallery on the official website. Teachers can also view and update their student roster and school exhibits. Join the thousands of art teachers using our free educational service today.
The Best Features of Artsonia App: on their official website.
You can download and install the latest version of This APK from our direct download link. On this page, we provide Latest version apk file for Android 4.3 and up. It is a free app listed in Education category of apps. Use the download button at the top to download this apk. App Installs 10000-50000.
Description of Artsonia Android App:
Overall rating of apk for This Android App is 4.0.Please note that these are cumulative ratings since the app was listed on google play store. Generally, most of the top apps on the android store have the rating of 4+. Estimated number of the app downloads range between 10000 and 50000 as per google play store. This App content rating is Everyone. This app is listed in Education category of play store and has been developed by.
Permissions Required For Artsonia App:
- open network sockets.
- write to external storage.
- access information about Wi-Fi networks.
- access the camera device.
- access information about networks.
- flashlight.
App Info:LANSING – From the iconic Detroit industry murals of Diego Rivera and courtside views of a former Fab Fiver to a rock retrospective by Patti Smith and a Lebanese-American family’s savory home-cooking, the 20 titles on the Library of Michigan’s (LM) 2016 Notable Book list are an eclectic mix.
“These wonderful books celebrate, in their own unique ways, Michigan’s people, places and events,” said State Superintendent Brian Whiston. “The Michigan Notable Books list is a great way to showcase each year a new crop of talented writers in a state steeped in history and natural beauty, and rich in stories and diversity.
“I’m encouraged by the ever-increasing popularity and influence of the Library of Michigan’s Notable Book list. Every new list seems to generate more and more interest among the reading public.”
Each year the Michigan’s Notable Book ,” State Librarian Randy Riley said. “The list continues to offer something for everyone – fiction, short story collections, history, children’s books, politics, poetry and memoirs.”
This year's MNB selection committee includes representatives from the LM; The Library of Michigan Foundation; Wayne State University; the Archives of Michigan; Grand Rapids Public Library; Howell Carnegie District Library; Lansing City Pulse; Michigan Center for the Book; Michigan Humanities Council; and Schuler Books & Music.
LM’s 2016 MNB List:
Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo in Detroit, Mark Rosenthal, Detroit Institute of Arts (DIA)
From April 1932 through March 1933, Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo spent time in Detroit while Rivera created his Detroit industry murals for the DIA. Kahlo, meanwhile, developed her own artistic identity. For this catalog, DIA.
Garden for the Blind, Kelly Fordon, Wayne State University Press
Set in suburban Detroit between 1974 and 2012, Fordon’s intricately-woven stories follow Alice and Mike through high school, college, and into middle age, incorporating stories of their friends, family, and even strangers who are touched by the same themes of privilege, folly, neglect, and resilience. Garden for the Blind visits suburban and working-class homes, hidden sanctuaries and dangerous neighborhoods. All fiction readers 20. Featured are).
Haymaker, Adam Schuitema, Northern Illinois University Press/Switchgrass Books
Haymaker tells the story of an isolated Michigan town that becomes the flashpoint for some of the ideological debates of our day. It is a story about the failure of best intentions and the personal freedom of individuals to do good or harm. A witty and politically-charged novel.
M Train, Patti Smith, Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group
An odyssey of a legendary musical reflects on the writer’s craft, art, income levels. dazzling and suspenseful new collection of fearless and darkly funny tales about women and those they love. The strong but flawed women of Mothers, Tell Your Daughters must negotiate a sexually-charged atmosphere as they love, honor, and betray one another against the backdrop of all the men in their world.
My Near-Death Adventures (99% True!), Alison DeCamp, Crown Books for Young Reader
This is a story about a boy on a mission to find his long-lost father in the logging camps of Michigan. Armed with his trusty scrapbook, full of black-and-white 19th-century advertisements and photos, 11-year-old Stan’s attempt to locate his long-lost hero/cowboy/outlaw dad is a near-death adventure fraught with pesky relatives, killer lumberjacks, and poisonous pies.
Once in a Great City: A Detroit Story, David Maraniss, Simon and Schuster
It’s 1963 and Detroit is on top of the world. The city’s leaders are among the most visionary in America. It was the American auto makers’ best year; the revolution in music and politics was underway. Reuther’s UAW had helped lift the middle class. The time was full of promise. Yet, Once in a Great City shows that the shadows of collapse were evident even then. Detroit at its peak was threatened by its own design. It was being abandoned by the new world; yet so much of what Detroit gave America lasts.. Here, she revisits the recipes she was reared on, exploring her heritage through its most-beloved foods and chronicling her riffs on traditional cuisine. Her colorful culinary guides come alive in her stories like the heady aromas of the dishes passed down to her by her family. Maureen presents more than 100 irresistible recipes that will delight readers with their evocative flavors. Weaved throughout are the stories of Maureen’s Lebanese-American upbringing, the path that led her to culinary school and to launch her blog, and life in lakeside Harbor Springs.
Russell Kirk: American Conservative, Bradley J. Birzer, University Press of Kentucky
Russell Kirk's 1953 masterpiece The Conservative Mind was very influential in its time. It was the intellectual touchstone for a reinvigorated movement and began a sea change in Americans' attitudes toward traditionalism. In Russell Kirk, Bradley J. Birzer investigates the life and work of the man known as the founder of postwar conservatism in America and its intellectual roots
Scrapper, Matt Bell, Soho Press
Scrapper
In 1980 Terry Wooten met poet Max Ellison. Stone Circle Poems is the outcome of that chance encounter. It collects poems of a Midwest naturalist-bard, written and spoken from memory by Terry Wooten, poet and creator of Michigan’ Stone Circle poetry recitation venue in Michigan’s Antrim County. The Stone Circle is a triple ring of 88 large boulders where Wooten shared his poems with others and invited all to reciprocate the favor in traditional gatherings.
The Orbit Magazine Anthology: Re-Entry, Robert St. Mary, Painted Turtle Book/Wayne State University Press
Local journal, Orbit Intellectuals .
The People's Lawyer: The Life and Times of Frank J. Kelley, the Nation's Longest-Serving Attorney General, Frank J. Kelley, Jack Lessenberry, Wayne State University Press
Frank J. Kelley was unexpectedly appointed Michigan’s attorney general at the end of 1961. He never suspected that he would continue to serve until 1999, a national record. He worked with everyone from John and Bobby Kennedy to Bill Clinton and jump-started the careers of dozens of politicians and public figures..
The Turner House, Angela Flournoy, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt exodus to the suburbs.
What Happens, John Herrmann,. Friend of Ernest Hemingway and Lansing native John Herrmann tells the coming-of-age story of Winfield Payne, a young man from a wealthy Michigan family.
X: A Novel, Ilyasah Shabazz, Kekla Magoon, Candlewick Press
Co-written by Malcolm X’s daughter, this riveting and revealing novel follows the formative years of the man whose words and actions shook the world. X follows Malcolm from his childhood to his imprisonment for theft at age 20, when he found the faith that would lead him to forge a new path and command a voice that still resonates today.
Yamasaki in Detroit: A Search for Serenity, John Gallagher, Painted Turtle Book/Wayne State University Press.
For more information about the MNB program, call the LM at 517-373-1300, visit, or email librarian@michigan.gov.
# # #One of the more recent discoveries of neuroscience is that when you stare into space, gather wool, daydream, or otherwise let your mind wander, the “default-mode network” of your brain starts to rev up into high gear. This network has quite naturally captured the fancy of meditation researchers: meditation is a practice of being mindfully present, with little if any mind wandering. So if meditators succeed in suppressing mind wandering, what does that mean they have done to the default network? Is it just that they are focused on the present, and so do not slide into the default pattern as often – but when their minds do wander, it’s the same kind of pattern? Or does the meditator enter a different default state entirely?
The activity your brain defaults to when you don’t direct it is quite extensive. From Buckner et al. (2012).
The first place to look for differences in neurological activity is during meditation itself, when you can be most confident that meditators will be doing something different than non-meditators thanks to their years of practice. And in this study, we do mean years; the dozen meditators all had at least 10 years of practice at meditation, while the dozen non-meditators were selected to match each meditator on demographic factors (age, sex, race, and so on) while having no meditation experience at all. Everyone was asked to practice three different kinds of meditation (focused meditation on the breath, loving-kindness meditation, and a broader awareness that was just supposed to follow thoughts where they would go) while in a brain scanner.
As you might expect, the seasoned meditators were much better at maintaining their focus, reporting one third to one half the mind-wandering that meditation novices did. At the same time, meditators showed less activity in two key regions of the default network: the posterior cingulate cortex (PCC), a central hub of the default network whose precise role is still something of mystery, and the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC), another hub that has been linked to self-awareness and perspective taking. Even when novices were trying to meditate, activity in these regions was fairly high, suggesting some mind-wandering and reversion to the default network. The experienced meditators, though, had far less activity in these regions, suggesting that their meditation was on-task, just as they reported. Sadly, there were no correlations run to see if activity in these regions directly corresponded to self-reports of mind-wandering, so we have no direct evidence that the changes in the brain correspond to changes in thought, but we do have some nice hints.
Even more intriguing was what happened in the 2 minutes of resting state before the meditation periods began. Everyone had been told just to close their eyes and not think of anything in particular, but virtually the same pattern of activity was found: non-meditators engaged the default network, but meditators did not, or did so to a much lesser extent. As the authors of the paper poetically put it, “meditation practice may transform the resting-state experience into one that resembles a meditative state” (p. 20255). If you’re attracted to the notion of that meditative state, of course, the possibility that it could become your default mode must be almost intoxicating.
The reason that these differences in the default network might persist even when we are not meditating is that the transient changes in activity levels while we are meditating might – slowly, gradually, over time – alter the way the different brain regions of the default network talk to each other. Some connections will strengthen, others will weaken, until the default network is shaped to focus on the present instead of letting the mind wander. The PCC emerges again as a key player, because it was more strongly connected to regions important for self-control (the anterior cingulate cortex and the dorsolateral PFC, near neighbors of the default network). Without a clearer notion of exactly what the PCC does it’s hard to say what these stronger connections mean, but one possibility is that when the brain shifts into its default mode, the PCC uses these strong connections to help initiate some cognitive control and maintain a focus on the present.
It’s much more difficult than just flipping a few switches, but your brain’s default setting can actually be changed. Now, we just have to get a better grasp on how, and what those changes mean for everyday life.-9 PMID: 22114193
Task Force Marawi: Maute hostages forced to fight gov't troops
Like this:
- Is climate change causing more severe weather?
- Barbuda a desolate island after Hurricane Irma
- Vikings: Bradford expected to play despite ailing knee
- Microsoft Azure Confidential Computing keeps your business data secret
- Four US women attacked with acid in Marseille
- Selena Gomez underwent kidney transplant surgery
- Rahul Gandhi wishes Modi on birthday, Digvijaya asks PM to 'correct mistakes'
- Irma aftermath: 8 die in sweltering South Florida nursing home
- China rebuffs USA demand to cut off oil exports to North Korea
- Hamas seeks new talks with rivals Fatah
- Russia Intentionally Bombed Near US-backed Forces in Syria, Claims Pentagon
- Hurricane Irma: 8 dead in Fla. nursing home that lost power
- GST Council GoM to meet every fortnight
- A pitch black planet? NASA's Hubble observes exoplanet reflecting nearly no light
- Qatar's emir to talk to Merkel, Macron to end Gulf crisisand we’re wearing shorts!!
Actually got a little sunburn today as we visited the Zoo and Aquarium at Point Defiance. Hadn’t been there since the girls were little. Most of the animals were out so we got to see them. I’ve been there before when no one was out because it was too cold!
They have a carousel there that is very pretty. I got shots of some of the animals after the kids got off.
Tomorrow we’re going over to Vashon Island for most of the day. SIL Suzanne’s parents live there. We’ll take the ferry from Pt Defiance and Mike and Suzanne will meet us and we can follow to the folks house. Cousin Fran from Chicago arrived this afternoon and is bringing her 2 year old grandson over as well if all works out.
Christina just called and is trying to work out for us to visit her and Anne on Sunday afternoon. Hope that all works out.
Life is good here and we have more plans for next week. The weather is supposed to be nice through at least next Thursday. Hurrah!! Enjoy the pictures of live and carousel animals.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.I saw my life flash before my eyes
It came out of nowhere
SWAT!!!!!!
Last time I will wish to be a fly on the wall
*
photo credit:
Advertisements
Poetry, creative writing and a desire to inspire….. Isaiah 40: 31 But they who wait upon the Lord will get new strength. They will rise up with wings like eagles. They will run and not get tired. They will walk and not become weak..
I saw my life flash before my eyes
It came out of nowhere
SWAT!!!!!!
Last time I will wish to be a fly on the wall
*
photo credit:
29 thoughts on “4 Line Stories: Fly Guy”
You got a chuckle from me. 🙂
Mission accomplished! 😀
LOL!!! That is awesome….. 😂😂😂…. curiosity has its price…. lol!!!
Haha…got to be careful nosing around…lol 😅
Hmm… I don’t know why but I have people coming to my mind reading your words…yep, they might be in danger. I see every fly!
Get your fly swatter ready!
Always at hands, always aware…. more than ever … lol! That reminds me of that again. Hope it works:
Haha, it works!
Very cool! Which means…. we don’t need to care for justice. Justice is a consequence and just happens… lol
Justice will be served swift and sweet…lol
Haha, sounds good!
Definitely! 😊
😁😆
Dwl that got me cracking up. Lovely one.
Thank you, we need a good laugh sometimes.. Appreciated!
For sure
Hahaha, I love this!
Thank you, Ameena!
😎
Appreciated 😎
Funny! 😀 😀
😀😀😅
Yes, those flies are often up to no good…just listening in on everyone’s conversations!!
They are so darn nosey and keep coming back!
So cute!
Thank you, Deb! A good laugh to share!
Haha
😅😅😅Judson Once Again Handles Lake Travis
-
-
- Updated: September 4, 2017
Last Season This Didn't Stop the Cavaliers
Converse, Texas- Two Texas Blue Bloods. One of the states most storied programs versus the Texas’ shining new power. A five-time state champion versus a recently crowned six-time state champion (1st in 6A). Lake Travis has a new state championship star on their T decal to join the 5 on their L.
One of the states most potent aerial attacks against what might be the state’s most talented offensive backfield. Lake Travis with their multiple uniforms against the Rockets with their famed diamond J logo on grey helmet background.
In one of opening weekends marquee matchups, the Lake Travis Cavaliers could not avenge their only championship season loss against Lone Star Gridiron’s 2017 #1 Converse Judson Rockets, 65-45.
Big things are expected this season for the Judson Rockets and Coach Sean McAuliffe. Last year the Rockets led by stud Quarterback Julon Williams scored 22 points in the 4th Quarter to give the Cavaliers their only 2016 loss, 35-28. This year the game was not nearly as close.
Coach McAullife had this to say about the big win and lofty expectations this season, “Well anytime you get to play the caliber of an opponent like Lake Travis, defending state champion and you come out on top is a pretty good marker of where we are at as a program and the direction we are heading. It’s a big win for us and a feather in our cap. Moving forward its something we can build on and we can fix the things we need to fix.”
Austin Lake Travis got the ball first. The Cavaliers and new starting QB Mathew Baldwin ( 1st career start after 2016 Charlie Brewer moved on to Baylor ) came out slinging. Last year in limited duty, Baldwin went 66 of 88 passing with 10 TDs and no interception.
On his starting drive this year, he went 4-7 aided by a big 41 yarder to star junior receiver Garrett Wilson. To score, he found tight end Kyle Wakefield in man coverage with Judson outside linebacker Shae Colvin for 14 yards and pay dirt. The drive saw no running plays (a theme for LT on the night) and a 1:52 off the clock. The Cameron Dicker (UT commitment) PAT made it 7-0.
Judson answered right back in a minute and 34 seconds. On 4th and 4 from the LT 30, Julon Williams found a streaking Kishaun Fisher down the left sideline. Fisher beat double coverage for the first Judson TD of 2017 and the 7-7 tie.
The next LT drive stalled at the Judson 30. Kicker Cameron Dicker came on and showed why he is considered one of the best in the nation. He nailed a 47 yard kick to put the Cavaliers up 10-7.
Both offenses were red hot in the first half. Judson managed to convert nine of its first eleven drives into touchdowns. LT’s Baldwin went for 21-40 for 312 yards and 4 touchdowns.
Baldwin’s (who has pledged to Colorado State) only mistake in the first half was an interception to senior safety Rashad Wisdom. Wisdom returned it 72 yards for a pick 6 and it was 14-10 Rockets.
Baldwin and Wakefield hooked up again for their second touchdown of the half with a 5 yarder as the lead switched back - 17-14 Cavaliers.
Julon Williams and track star Kenyon Morgan needed one play to answer back. Morgan was 10 yards ahead of the defender as he hauled in the Williams pass to make the score 21-17.
This pinball scoring continued and the score at the break had the Rockets pull out to a 10 point advantage, 42-32.
The second half was more Julon Williams with his talented backfield mate Sincere McCormick providing a kick. Judson has four tailbacks that would start at 95% of the high schools in Texas. Williams too, would likely run for 2, 000 yards for most other teams if he did not have to rely on his stable of stud ball carriers. The Rockets stretched their lead to 27 points during the second half. No one in the state predicted such a lead in this power matchup.
Williams showed off his legs scoring on three consecutive drives with runs of 22, 40 and a dazzling 69 yarder that moved him over the two century mark rushing and 3 touchdowns. Williams, many publications top offensive player of the weekend, threw for 268 yards and ran for 221 yards in front of a national television audience. He showed off for the state and country on opening weekend withfive touchdowns and then committed to the University of Houston Cougars two days later for an exclamation point.
Coach McAuliffe had this to say about his four-year starting QB performance, “The proof is in the pudding!!! That guy is unbelievable. He checked us out of a play tonight that really wasn’t a very good call. Threw a hitch out there that went for 20 yards and turned the chains over. He’s kind of coach on the field. When things weren’t looking good for us defensively he’s the guy on the sideline rallying us. I’ll gladly take him hopefully for 15 more games.”
Indeed. The season is young but aspirations for the Judson Rockets go long this year.
Lake Travis will face the other San Antonio super power next week in Judson’s 27-6A arch rival Cibolo Steele who rolled San Antonio Madison on Friday night, 36-3
Judson will play San Antonio Brennan. Brennan lost by a touchdown on Saturday against San Antonio Reagan, 34-27.
By Glenn McCarthy
@GlennMcCarthy44
Players of the Game
Offense- Quarterback Julon Williams
Defense- Safety Rashad Wisdom
Scoring Summary 1st 2nd 3rd 4th Total
Lake Travis 10 22 6 7 45
Converse Judson 14 28 20 3 65A squeeze, a touch and there it is.
A white plastic shrine, four or five inches tall, no more. Two tiny doors that open outwards. Inside, the figure of a slight, wistful-looking woman in blue, hands joined in prayer, standing on a sphere that may be the world.
This long-lost treasure was brought to life by a handful of ancient lavender, wrapped in a square of sheer pink organdie – a scrap left over from making a party dress, perhaps – tied with nylon ribbon. It’s old, very old, yet still it works its magic when I come upon it in a drawer.
It was bought at a sale of work held at the first nun-run school I attended. Hence the statue of Our Lady of Lourdes.
I was thinking about it over Christmas – a particularly fertile time for scent-awakened memories.
Cold December afternoons. Children running home from school, making slides and throwing snowballs. Counting the days, the hours.
At last the tree goes up, perfuming the air. Fairies dance on the branches – just electric lights to grown-ups, but mythical creatures to little, screwed-up eyes.
It still works, as the years sneak by, the Christmas tree. Its scent, its decorations.
And lifting the lid of a small cardboard box sets free a scent that yanks the modern world right out from under my feet.
In a trice I’m standing in a small back garden – not much more than a yard – with a bright green, cheap plastic torch, what my in-house American calls a flashlight. My first, ever. A silver, sliding switch to keep it on, a plastic push button for flashing. English torch, American flashlight.
I can sometimes re-create that magic-carpet of a scent if I close my eyes and just let it happen. It’s a bit like looking at the Pleiades, though. If you stare straight at the stars you can’t see them – and so it is with this delicate scent.
I have to skim my thoughts right past it to find it.
The scent has a colour – green, but not a bright green. A dark, dusty green. An image of ferns comes to mind, but not because of any picture.
For years the nearest thing the world could produce to match my memory was something called ‘French Fern’. An inexpensive perfume. But not cheap, as in tawdry or cloying.
A scent of fine soaps and delicate talcum powders. Of eau-de-colognes, sprinkled on cotton handkerchiefs.
Or so I imagine.
In our boxes of baubles and tinsel, there was always one that, when opened, set loose a fleeting hint of this scent.
But now it’s gone.
A whole box of boxes is gone, and with it, the memories. That’s to say, the memories are still there, but that’s all they are, not a pinprick for the senses, tearing a shining rent in the dusty fabric of time.
And this Christmas also made me think about how wrong we can be about obvious things. That what’s important to me, for example, may not be important to my nearest living blood relative.
When my father had died and my mother was temporarily – finally, as it turned out – living far from her own home, with my sister, I had the melancholy task of emptying her house. I, with my long-suffering husband.
Among the treasured possessions were the Christmas ornaments.
I wanted to keep them all.
For nearly forty years I’d watched them emerge. Helped distribute little figures and paper ornaments around the house.
A robin on a log in a box of cotton wool – he always sat near the lavatory, by tradition. An imp adorned my bedroom door – this year my study.
I’d watch my father set up the crib and arrange glass birds in the Victorian glass dome. Watch as he decorated the tree then later, did it myself, for my mother.
My favourite tree decorations – a white bear in a red aeroplane. A blue and yellow plastic tricycle. A bell-shaped glass bauble that rings.
There were many more.
A turkey wishbone.
Clowns strung on cotton threads (I didn’t like them) and my parents’ home-made ornaments from the immediate post-war years. A crystal button on wire. Paper cut outs decorated in ink. Wooden cotton reels painted yellow, red and gold.
Small glass ornaments in shapes like pine cones and Father Christmas. Brown cardboard boxes of plain glass balls. I loved them so much that it almost hurt to put them away each year.
There were two boxes of those – two sizes, many colours.
I wanted them all.
I gave the bigger and better (I thought) ones to my sister (there, I’ve lost the virtue by telling), along with the clowns she said she liked, in a box that once held a xylophone.
I gave her the wishbone – well, it came from the first turkey that she and my parents had, years before I was born.
I suspect I gave her things she didn’t want, didn’t find evocative in the way I did. I don’t know, and may well be wrong. But by then she had three grown children, her own traditions, her own decorations. Her own scents and sights and triggers for memories.
And perhaps like everything else, scent’s evocative power eventually fades if it’s never used – or used too much.
I can still remember my box, can catch the scent if I set my mind past it. But perhaps it’s time has come – and gone. Like Christmas.
I still have the boxes and they mean very much the same to me . The boys all took one decoration each from those boxes and they hang on their trees. Paul took a paper star if I remember correctly and of course I still hang the clowns ! The others are mainly kept safe !! Liz x
Well that’s nice to know! I’m gutted at the loss of a box of boxes – gone are the ceramic Santas, our old white and red crisscross stockings. Christmas is an odd time that means so many different things to people. Did you like my imp? He’s nearing the end of his career but I say that every year – the green bit is becoming very strained – midriff stretch instead of midriff bulge! Mx
My first torch, or flashlight as I called it, was a flat rectangular device with a round glass lens that could have doubled as a magnifying glass. To me the most pleasing feature was the large, flat battery that featured two copper prongs. By touching my tongue to the prongs it gave me a tingling sensation that was both painful and exciting. That was circa 1953. I’ve had a fascination for flashlights ever since.
Ha – I told my in house American that someone had commented on his first torch and he guessed straightaway who it was! I may have bitten a pew in church but I’ve never licked a battery! Do you still do it? 😉
Ah, the other trigger for memory trips. Scent. We have no mementos of Christmas beyond those we have had for the past 10 Christmases, which is as long as I have been a denizen of our house to whom the tree belongs. But in the timespan of those Christmases the house and we have accommodated and become part of each other. If I was transported blind & directionless to its door I would know it by the smell and feel of the air. A fragance which is 50/50 past/present. The house gives us the gift of refuge and we give it the respect of care and purpose of shelter. The tree and and the eclectic, each meaningful, decorations are just one of the ways we celebrate collectively our happy alliance.
Ah – how well you put that. You are always very thoughtful in your responses. I’ve always been more of a music/sights/sounds person but lately I’ve been thinking of scents a lot as I’ve been trying to write myself back in time. And in fact talking of writing I think paper is one of those neglected scents – it’s there in newspapers and magazines and new books and different in old books – and non-existent on e-readers, bah humbug!Bailey is stuck and unable to reach orgasm anymore. She just can’t figure out what is wrong with her and as she’s working with one of the hottest men in Atlanta. Griff, the clubs owner, knows exactly what he’s going through as he’s already been there himself. Changing from mortal to immortal for incubi and succubi are practically the same. With the thought that he’s saving her life in mind, he sets off to help her complete her change.
This isn’t my favourite novelette. If you like a very erotic book with not much else. This story only covers a week, but most of the story is over in a day. The characters aren’t developed past the need of the story. Since there isn’t really one it ends at their very shallow relationship. The sex scenes are good, so if you’re looking for that it’s fine. I feel like even smut needs a little more of a story. This isn’t a book I’d recommend sadly… on to the second one!
Rhyan is an angel who’s been sent to Earth as punishment. She has been given the task of collecting information on Dominic, a fallen angel that has still retained all of his powers. As Dominic works at Desire, he has not problem picking up ladies when he wants a little one on one time. However, once Rhyan walks into the club he is hit with a desire that is unknown to him. Now, both Rhyan and Dominic have to decide what
This is actually quite good in comparison to the 1st book. The story is interesting and the characters are well developed. Tompkins got the balance between smut and story down in this book. The sub plot behind Rhyan’s arrival is nice and interesting. It’s refreshing to see a plot about Fallen angels. I guess it only makes sense that he’s friends with a incubus and a djinn. I do like the interactions between the 3 friends.
Seth is a fire djinn, and the most dominant of the doms on the Atlanta scene. Thanks to his gig as manager of Desire, he doesn’t have any trouble getting a woman. Eden is a witch priestess who has been force to into great power with out really wanting it. The night before she takes the place as the Elemental Guardian, she seeks out Seth in order to let go. However, though they simply wanted some good sex they both get more than what they bargained for.
This book is about 1/2 between the 2nd and the 3rd book. I loved the accurate depiction of BDSM that is displayed at the beginning of the story. When they roles switch it was a little less willing. There was a story but it simply fuel the sex. Similar to the first book, it is all sex all the time, however, this book we do get more character development then the first book. I still prefer the 2nd book though out of all of them.Another great business resource from the Founders of 37Signals, Remote: Office Not Required
offers sound advice and strategies for utilizing the skills of remote workers. With an increase in freelance and consulting opportunities (mainly due to the Internet), this book highlights how remote work encourages unity and how to get the best quality work out of your team. More importantly, it offers ideas on how companies and business owners can wedge into the practice of hiring remote.
While it may be impossible for some industries to implement the practice, industries like design + coding, marketing, business + finance, advertising, music + film, healthcare and fitness can certainly benefit (some already are) from hiring talented individuals not located in their immediate area. The thought of lower overhead and less distractions are well worth a second thought, especially when you find the right talent.
You must log in to post a comment.I'm thinking of parting with my trusted sidekick 84 VW Rabbit Diesel due to an anticipated move out of the city. I've had the car for close to 3 years now without much problem. CAr is light yellow, 4 door, sunroof, good paint. Little rust on the rear hatch by the glass rubber . Interior is clean, no rips. Car is in San Francisco. ASking is $1200 - includes Bentley Mannual, timing tools and 4 extra used Sciroco rims with tires (given to me by my brother ). NEw injectors about a year ago. J Gaerlan - Gaerlan Custom Cycles Framebuilding,Recumbent and Bike Parts eStore (415)362-3866: (415)677-8943 fax JFreewheel at aol.comIt’s finally Saturday. In anticipation of this day, I tidily compiled a to-do list to fill my time while Benjamin works (stupid call weekends are the worst and I hate them), but my plans unraveled a bit when I walked out to my car to discover this:
You can tell that I’ve got a flat tire from this photo, right? ‘Cause in case you can’t, I’ve got a flat tire.
So. Instead of moseying through Target, and wasting away my hours in a nook of my local library, I started re-watching Gilmore Girls for the umpteenth time, played Super Mario on the N64, and then I decided to impulsively re-arrange ALL OF MY BOOKS. Which has led me to conclude that it is time to get rid of my tall brown bookshelves, and replace them with shorter white bookshelves. I’ve been considering this for awhile, but today clinched it. Which means that soon I’ll undo all the book arranging I did today. But…it looks fun-ish in the meantime.
Here is a kinda crappy before pic:
See–normal, happy-go-lucky bookshelves.
And after…
I pulled everything off, and began to organize my books into color coordinated stacks.
I am relatively pleased with it. Except that I wanted to cram everything into a single shelf, but I don’t have quite enough room. Which is why my white books didn’t make it onto the shelves. Whoops.
These bookshelves are old enough that we can justify replacing them, and these IKEA shelves in white should do nicely.
So yeah. That was my Saturday. Oh, and I made myself a fig, prosciutto, and goat cheese sandwich. Which might have been the best decision of my day.
DENYING THE LORD THAT BOUGHT THEM
Foreword by Michael Jeshurun
Those who are ‘bought’ by the Lord through His Atonement are the Lord’s Sheep! Our Lord did not atone for any but those whom the Father had given Him – i.e. His sheep, His chosen, His elect! [John 10:11-15]
These sheep whom the Lord has bought and redeemed are in God’s time sovereignly regenerated and given the faith to believe the gospel and repent of their sins! Moreover they are given the power and boldness to be witnesses unto Him according to the measure as God has dealt to them. [Acts 1:8]
But as Scripture and history both testify there are some sheep who DO miserably backslide even to the point of ‘denying the Lord’ as did Peter. But though THEY believe not, yet HE abideth faithful, (for) He cannot deny Himself! (see 2Tim 2:13) Christ has covenanted with the Father that He will lose none of His sheep! And He remains faithful to that covenant! For which cause Scripture designates Him as the Author and the Finisher of their Faith! [Heb 12:2]
The sins and failures of His people are no surprise to God! He said unto Jacob – “for I knew that thou wouldest deal VERY TREACHEROUSLY, and wast called a transgressor from the womb”! [Isa 48:8]
The love of God for us is not instigated or motivated by anything He saw in us or hopes to see in us! As the Apostle said – “Christ died for the UNGODLY! [Rom 5:6]
The Apostle Peter is pretty much an example and pattern of all who will believe in Christ Jesus – his sheep! And though with all good intentions and the love we have for God we self-confidently affirm that – ‘though ALL men deny Thee, YET WILL NOT I”! The Master knows WHAT we are made of! As the Psalmist said –
“Like as a father pitieth his children, so the LORD pitieth them that fear Him. For He knoweth our frame; He remembereth that we are DUST”! [Psalm 103:10-14]
The Master who prophesied Peter’s denial, with the same breath said – “BUT I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and WHEN thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren”! [Luke 22:32]
Notice the ‘WHEN’! Not ‘if’ or ‘maybe’, but ‘WHEN’ thou art converted! And beloved, the reason that I am sitting here today and typing this testimony, is because even though after my salvation many a time I have sinned beyond any other Christian in our day, yet the Lord NEVER forsook me or gave up on me . . . but was always there to intercede for me, lift me up and encourage me to keep running!
Oh what a word is that – “And I will make an everlasting covenant with them, that I WILL NOT TURN AWAY FROM THEM, to do them good; but I will put my fear in their hearts, that THEY SHALL NOT DEPART FROM ME.” [Jer 32:40]
COMMENTARY ON 2 Peter 2:1
by Peter Ditzel
QUESTION –.
ANSWER –.
The verse in question, 2 Peter 2:1 states: “But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction.” This certainly does sound bad for limited atonement and the perseverance of the saints, and, indeed, all five points of the doctrines of grace. But let’s look at the context of the verse and at some of the words that compose the verse.
Toward the end of 2 Peter 1, Peter explains that prophecy does not come from men but holy men speak it as they are moved by the Holy Spirit. In 2 Peter 2:1, Peter says that there were false prophets among the people—Old Testament Israel—even as there shall be false teachers among you. So, Peter has his focus on false teachers. These false teachers will bring in “damnable heresies” (haireseis apōleias—literally, “destructive choices”).
Now I want to examine the phrase, “even denying the Lord that bought them.” Taken by itself, without further examination, this certainly seems to say that these false teachers will deny Jesus who bought them. But upon further examination, we see some things that should cause us to think twice before quickly assuming its meaning.
The word “Lord” in this verse is from the Greek word despotēn. The New Testament never uses this word as a title for Jesus Christ. When Jesus is called Lord, the word “Lord” is translated from the Greek word kurios. Whenever despotēn is used, it refers either to an earthly master (such as the master of a slave) or to God in general or as Creator or God of Israel. Again, it is never used of Jesus Christ. In fact, in Jude 1:4, despotēn, as used of God, is specifically distinguished from kurios, as used of Jesus Christ: “For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord [despotēn] God, and our Lord [kurios] Jesus Christ” (what I have said here is based on the Majority Text [and the similar Textus Receptus], which I consider to be the more reliable text compared to the NU-Text). Further notice that, although this verse in Jude is somewhat parallel to 2 Peter 2:1, Jude does not say anything about these men denying Jesus Christ who bought them. He also calls these men ungodly (asebeis—the word literally means without reverence). Ungodly men have not been redeemed by Jesus Christ.
So, we should now suspect that, in 2 Peter 2:1, Peter was not referring to Jesus Christ when he used the word despotēn. We should also notice that Peter simply speaks of the Lord “that bought them.” But when the New Testament speaks of our being purchased by Jesus Christ, it qualifies it with either a price or from where we have been purchased. Notice these examples: “the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood” (Acts 20:28); “ye are bought with a price” (1 Corinthians 6:20); “Ye are bought with a price” (1 Corinthians 7:23); “Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law” (Galatians 3:13); “To redeem them that were under the law” (Galatians 4:5); “he might redeem us from all iniquity” (Titus 2:14); “hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation” (Revelation 5:9); “which were redeemed from the earth” (Revelation 14:3); “These were redeemed from among men” (Revelation 14:4). But Peter does not speak of the price or from where we have been purchased. This should also make us suspect that Peter is not speaking of our being purchased by Jesus Christ.
The clincher is in the fact that “denying the Lord that bought them” stems from the Old Testament. When Peter wrote, the church was still largely Jewish, and Peter was an apostle to the Jews (Galatians 2:8). Notice that many of the references in Peter’s writings, including in 2 Peter 2, are to the Old Testament. Even in verse 1, Peter likens these false teachers to the false prophets of the Old Testament.
“Denying the Lord that bought them” is based on Deuteronomy 32:6: “Do ye thus requite the Lord, O foolish people and unwise? is not he thy father that hath bought thee? hath he not made thee, and established thee?” This buying, then, is something that occurred in the Old Testament; it is the redeeming of Israel out of Egypt (see Exodus 15:16).
The false teachers Peter is writing about are Jews who, through their damnable heresies, are even denying the Lord God who redeemed them out of Egypt. These people are bad, not just by Christian standards, but also by Jewish standards. In other words, this is not a reference to their having been purchased with the blood of Jesus Christ and then receiving destruction. This has nothing to do with our redemption by Jesus Christ.
As Peter continues, it becomes increasingly obvious that these people were reprobate from the beginning and have never had a chance for salvation: [notice again the allusion to Deuteronomy 32:5], sporting themselves with their own deceivings while they feast with you…. These are wells without water, clouds that are carried with a tempest; to whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever.
2 Peter 2:12–13, 17
Some might still point to verses 20-22, which might seem to be about saints who return to the sinfulness of the world and lose their salvation. But the previous verses we have examined show that these are unsaved people who may have temporarily escaped the foulness of this world through a feeling of moralism brought on by a knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. But they turn back to the world because they were never really regenerated and saved. In fact, I believe such moralism to be a common problem in the church today. Notice how these people are similar to the shallow people).
So, in summary, 2 Peter 2:1 is not speaking of people who have been damned because they have denied the Lord Jesus Christ who bought them. It is speaking of Jewish false teachers who, in verse 12, are likened to “natural brute beasts, made [gegennēmena—”born”] to be taken and destroyed,” and even deny the Lord God who redeemed them out of Egypt and in return receive swift destruction. Thus, this verse in no way contradicts either limited atonement or the perseverance of the saints.Greetings! I just started a new book this week and wanted to share it. I’m sure most everyone reading my blog has heard of this book and probably read it. However, if someone that heard of it yet, then take my advice and go buy the book and continue to work on yourself. The name of the book is “The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership” by John Maxwell. Many leaders in my company have recommended it recently, so I purchased it off Amazon last week.
I want to take the next few posts and share my take aways from the book and how it applied to my life. The first chapter covers the first law, which is called “The Law of the Lid.” Let me share a story I once heard many years ago that will explain what I mean.
Let’s say you found a flea in your house. You want to catch him, so you take out an old glass jar. You see him on the counter and you place the jar over him. You slowly slide the jar off the edge of the counter and put the lid on the jar to trap him so he can’t jump out. Then you turn the jar over and watch him jump. He tries to jump as high as he is used to but, realizes he hits his head every time he jumps. Over time, he will learn and then train himself how high he can jump so that he will not hit his head. Once he has learned this, and you remove the lid, the flea will continue to only jump as high as he did while the lid was on the jar. Why? Because he conditioned himself to only jump high enough so as to not hit his head on the lid.
The law of the lid means that we have conditioned ourselves with a lid. We can only make so much money per year. We only have enough influence to convince our friends or family to do something we want to do. We only have enough leadership skills to tell our kids what to do and discipline them because that is our role is in life. This lid we have placed on ourselves is what is holding us back from earning more, becoming more, doing more, leading more.
One of the things I love about the network marketing industry is that it teaches people to work on personal development. Once we understand why personal development is so important, and we began reading books, listening to audios, and hanging around people that have what we want, we finally realize that there is a LID on our lives. Once you finally realize that it is there, you can then start figuring out how to raise the lid.
Now that you know about the lid, the million dollar question is how do you raise it. The answer all comes back to personal development. You have to work on yourself. Spend whatever money you need to improve yourself. It can be buying books, attending seminars/workshops, , viewing webinars , listing to audios from people like Zig Ziglar, John Maxwell, Tony Robins, etc…. Just spend more time on developing yourself and in time the LIDS of your life will start to go up, and eventually the lid will disappear.
Before getting into this industry, I couldn’t imagine making a million dollars in one year. I found it hard to imagine making over $150k/year. But after being introduced to this industry, listening to people in my company share their story, and meeting some of the top income earners in my company, I know it is possible and I’m working to get there. My earning potential lid has been raised.
I will continue to work on myself, raise the LIDS I have placed on myself, and become a better salesman, leader, visionary, income earner, etc… What are your LIDS? Have you figured them out? Then start working on yourself to raise your lids! If not take a few minutes and reflect on several areas of your life, and then determine what lids you have placed on yourself. Then put a plan together and start working on yourself to raise the lid in those areas of your life. You’ve got this. You can do it. You will raise the lids of your life one lid at a time.
Please note: I reserve the right to delete comments that are offensive or off-topic.When I get called to ER to do an EKG, it's rare that I know anything about the patient before I go into the room. But it doesn't take long to figure things out.
All I knew from the point of entering the room was that she was a nice looking 23 YO female who had been crying lying on the ER bed of room three.
I pushed my machine to the back of the bed and provided my humble presentation. "Hi, I'm Rick from cardiopulmonary, I'm here to do an EKG. It's quick and painless"
"Why do I need that?" She asked without looking up at me.
"It's just to check out your heart?"
"I can tell you my heart is fine."
"Are you having chest pain?"
"No. My heart is fine."
Grasping at straws here, I said, "The doctor wants me to check out your heart. It's routine for what you came here for." I had no idea what she was here for, but I knew she did. To be honest, by this point I didn't' want to know.
"There's nothing wrong with my heart."
"I have to put stickers here, here and here," I said, pointing to areas on her chest where I would need to lift her shirt. "I can keep you covered." At this point I thought she might refuse at any moment.
"Yeah, I don't care if you see me. I don't care about anything anymore." I stared placing my stickers where I needed them, never exposing her out of respect for the young lady.
"You don't have to tell me. I don't care about anything!" She paused, then added, "I don't want to be here."
"I know what you mean." I said.
"You don't know what I mean."
Ah, how stupid. This is why I usually keep my mouth shut.
"My only regret," she continued, "was that I didn't take more. I knew I should have taken more."
What do you say to someone who tried to kill themselves. Knowing what to say is something beyond my scope of expertise, and is usually why I keep my mouth shut, do the job I'm ordered to do, and leave the room.
She's going to be admitted, I decided. And by law she was going to be kept back in the psyche unit for at least three days. And I'm certain the doctors will talk to her about this. But what if they can't talk her out of doing it again.
"Do you have children" I said.
"Yes, I have three."
"Won't your children be sad if their mommy wasn't here no more?" While she was preocupied in thought, I pushed the button on my machine.
"They live with their dad."
"Still, won't they miss you. Don't they love their mommy?"
"I don't care about anything anymore."
The nurse came back in as I was pealing my stickers off the patient. "As soon as Rick is done with you the police are going to come in and talk with you."
"I don't want to talk with them. I don't like police."
"They are really nice guys," the nurse said. "Remember, you promised me you would cooperate with all the good people who want to come in and help you."
"I don't want help," the patient said. When I go home I'm just going to do this again, and I will succeed this time."
On that note, I wheeled my machine out the door. This was another reminder to myself how well off I have it.
I always thought that if I was ever having suicide thoughts I wouldn't do it because I'd always be thinking about how much I would hurt the people who do love me, most particularly my kids. Man, could you imagine what that would do to kids.
But that's just me. However, as I am reminded from time to time, when you are really depressed, you don't think straight. And you do stupid things. You don't think that killing yourself is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.
However, my initial impression about this young lady is she was seeking attention. I will never know for sure. Either way, and even though she said otherwise, I hope that she thinks about what I said to her. I hope she doesn't do it again for her kids sakes if nothing else.
But what do I know.
1 comment:
Ah Rick. Brings back ollllld memories. I stopped RC practice in 94. Do fancy pants research stuff now. Make tons more money. Would not know how to work on a holiday, week-end, after sunset, if I tried. Travel 15 cities a month. Expense accounts and I don't hjave to seel didly tongs. But, never, ever feel as fulfilled as I did, when I busted snot, 3 twelves a week and one extra for good measure. You know?
circle RMona Sundvall
Mona (Marcell) Sundvall, 67, of Chippewa Falls, Wis., died Nov. 18, 2012 at St. Joseph's Hospital in Chippewa Falls, Wis. Mona is survived by her brother, Mike (Retia) Marcell of Cass Lake; niece, Clara (Spud) Carlson; son, Ronald (Bonnie) Sunvall; daughter, Brenda Bell; granddaughters, Cassie O’Beirne and Crystal; grandson, Cole; great-grandchildren, Rory and Leo Berg of Chippewa Falls, Wis.; greatnieces, Sissy, Shelly, Stefanie and Millisa; and nephew, Donald (Cheryl).Date of Award
12-2007
Document Type
Dissertation
Degree Name
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD)
Legacy Department
Applied Economics
Advisor
Sauer, Raymond
Committee Member
Coffee , Bentley
Committee Member
Maloney , Michael
Committee Member
McCormick , Robert
Abstract
The study of the regulation of the electric power industry is important to understanding the role of the industry in the economic development of this country. These essays attempt to clarify the analysis and emphasize the salient features of regulation and the restructuring of the electric power industry and the organization of the firms that make up the industry.
Recommended Citation
Davis, Earl, "Essays On Electricity Regulation and Restructuring" (2007). All Dissertations. 136.Frog and Toad Are Friends.
McDonalds: a social center in many neighborhoods.
The Nordic paradox.
That one random firework.
Six gun dealers for every Starbucks.
Measuring the *real* America.
Thoughts and prayers: not enough.
Dogs bring comfort to Orlando.
“…a house built by slaves.”
I just LOVE the McDonald’s article. Fireman and I met under the golden Arches in 1977. I Love that people feel welcome in this way at Many Mcdonalds. We know many friends from the days when we worked there and I shared the article with them Thanks
On the Nordic Paradox – I would say that although women can achieve equality, latent/subconscious resentment lingers which manifests itself in physical and emotional abuse.
Love the fireworks piece 🙂
I’ve wanted to foster a service dog for years now; maybe I should change that to a comfort dog.We all at a point in time have tried to live a life we have no idea about. As humans we want to know and feel. Because we tried to live without knowing, it made most of us if not all of us go through pain. But later you will find out pain is a driving force of life. The come that time when life stop making sense, and then you need to make senseout of life. For those of you that will try to follow Christ (ie becoming Christians) then read on as this is for you...
1. Your Adversary: Most of the times, new Christians think they are up against the devil, but your biggest adversary is not the devil, it is fellow humans. Yes the devil is also an adversary, but you will only start getting attacked by the devil once you seal the deal with Jesus Christ. You are going to face what they call Earthly forces. Let me try to break this down for you. people are going to try to enslave you. You are going to be facing forces like, I am the best black man here, I am the best white man here, I am the most beautiful or most handsome here, I am the riches here, I am the most spiritual man here. But to all these, one thing was given to Christians, (the Bible.) Read your Bible well to find out the truth yourself. You can also gain some more understanding of the Bible from a daily devotional.
2. Better Knowledge Of The Bible: In the earlier times when God started to work with man, the people were not allowed to read the Bible for themselves. It was being done by special people called Priest. In this times we are allowed to read the Bible. You will find out you are going to have some challenges when it comes to your knowledge of the Bible. Instead of people to add up to what you already know, they will try to argue the little you know. Stay on tract, keep reading the Bible for yourself.
3. Better Christian: For those of you that come from a family with more than one child, then this will not be a new thing to you. You remember when you started fighting who is the better child to mom and dad, yes Christians also fight who is the better follower to Jesus Christ. Jesus said himself ''I have chosen you and not you chose me'' only Jesus Christ knows his true followers.
4. Wrong Leader: Now our days, people start churches for several reasons, some to make money, some thought they heard the voice of God... So you might fall in the hands of poor if not very poor church leaders. They have started a church, they don't know how to go forward, they don't know how to go backward, they don't know how to stop. They have created a stagnant water favorable for Mosquitos. You might get bitten in such Churches, I mean pretty bad. Once you find out a particular Church is not focusing on preaching the love of Jesus Christ, ''LEAVE''
5. Wrong Fellow Believers: It is normal to think everyone in Church should be a good, God fearing person, But this is not exactly the case you will find in most if not every Church. Some people the only new thing they have in their hands is the Bible. Everyone in Church is not like that, find you one or two persons who know what it means to follow a friend who had to die on the Cross for his friends. The Bible said ''greater had no man love than this that a man will lay down his life for his friends.'' The Bible is refering to JesusChrist here.
Becoming a Christian is not all about the sweet Jesus loves you. You are going to find some challenges. If you loose a love one keep the faith, if you loose a job keep the faith, if you are moving back with your mom keep the faith. Don't forget to find some time to increase your faith with adaily devotional. People that writedaily devotionals, try to inspire and encourage you.Things have been going well lately between the girls and I. I’ve continued to make ample time to play with them throughout the day and everyone has been in good spirits. We’ve been making speaking nicely to one another a top priority, and we’re remembering to give apologies when necessary. Though I’ve been busy with my Master’s project proposal (on top of my normal coursework, and my attempts to keep up on the chores) I’ve managed to get the girls outdoors to play for a least 45 minutes each day for the past four days. I’m proud of myself!
The nice weather has been good for all of us and although I’m not cleaning each room of the condo every day and I’m a little behind my homework, I am happier. Today was a difficult day though, we had about five places to get to on our schedule and typically making it to one is a feat. I knew that I’d have to be patient and possibly settle for not getting everything done. But even before we left the house my big girls were bickering as they played. I kept hearing, “Noooooooo!” Then would come an explanation of what the person wanted. Sometimes even before the person was finished explaining I’d hear another, “Nooooo!” and a different explanation would be given by the other sister.
I usually try to only step in if one of the girls is overpowering the other. I try to make sure they’re using their manners and then stay out of the way, but I was incredibly overwhelmed with their arguing. I introduced them to a method I learned in college, back when I had the pleasure of performing in an Improv troupe. The game is called “Yes, and…” and the basic premise is to agree with and add on to whatever it is that your teammates say or suggest. You cannot say “no” and you are forced to build off of one another’s ideas instead of shooting them down.
We played the game together for a little while because neither of them seemed eager to play without my participation, but after a few strings of silly suggestions they giggled incessantly while awaiting their next turn to add something to our game. The game came in quite handy when we were in the dressing room at Old Navy, and at bedtime my oldest said, “Yes, and is awesome!” with so much enthusiasm I felt like the coolest mom in the world 🙂
So although we trudged through our schedule today, and Nohra nursed constantly (of course, the day I go for groceries is the one day she doesn’t sleep for more than five minutes at a time until after 11pm, and of course I chose to leave the baby carrier at home), I taught my girls a new game that is easy to play without a smartphone or any other device. They only need their willingness to accept another person’s suggestions and their own imaginations. It was wonderful to see them having fun playing such a simple game, and it was such a relief to not hear anyone screaming, “Noooooooo!” Nope. Just the sweet sounds of, “Yes, and…’
Oh! And we made it to every place on our schedule 🙂
I am truly in awe of you.
You’re so sweet 🙂 Thank you!
Some days, the magic works. Well done! How inspirational!
Thank you! We had so much fun 🙂 Now we play “Yes, and…” almost everywhere we go! Worked wonders in the ER the other night, lol.
I admire your strength. Your girls have a wonderful Mom. You should get one of these plates “SuperMom” to put on your car dashboard. It feels great to be reminded now and then, My son bought one for me 2 years ago and I love to look at it 😉
That’s so adorable! I look forward to the days when my daughters make/buy me presents without my assistance, lol. I do need to remind myself that I’m awesome every now and again though, lol. I may start writing affirmations on my mirror…I keep saying I’m going to…I’m going to…right now! ❤ Thank you 🙂
Yep, right now, pat yourself on the back! You are admirable! ❤
Thank you! I wrote “You are beautiful, strong, intelligent, amazing, and a magnificent mother. Smile, be proud of yourself, and enjoy life!” on my bathroom mirror 😉 My daughters think it’s cool too, lol.The book traces the eventful life of D.D. Thakur that began in the backwoods of what was a princely state of Jammu & Kashmir in northern India. It chronicles the events that culminated in Pak-occupation of a part of the state territory followed by accession to India and the emergence of popular rule in the state. It describes the stages through which democracy and democratic institutions in the state passed. It gives a ringside view of the political developments in the state post-Independence, especially the Kashmir Accord between Indira Gandhi and Sheikh Abdullah and its political fallout. At the national level, the author’s interaction with the leaders of the post-independence era, events and anecdotes connected with them provides an insight into the contemporary political thought and compulsions. He describes the events that led to Farooq Abdullah’s rise and fall in Kashmir politics and the circumstances that resulted in his dismissal in 1984, leading to the split of the National Conference and installation of the GM Shah-led ministry. The latter part of the book focuses on the author’s tenure as Governor of the troubled state of Assam and the secessionist activities in that region. His understanding of the nature and magnitude of the problem brings to public domain considerable information that was hitherto unknown. In this book, he shares diverse facts not only about his life but also about the people he met and matters he had an opportunity to handle during his chequered career.
Lexisnexis My Life Years at the Bar, bench and in Kashmir Politics by D. D. Thakur
- Publisher: LexisNexis
- Book Code: 9789351438700
- Availability: 30
Rs995.00
Tags: My Life, LexisNexis- Program committees
- ARM Ltd. Projects (selected)
- University of Utah Projects
- Yale University Projects
- University of Glasgow Projects
Program committees
I have served on the following conference program committees.
- PLDI 2018 External Review Committee
- SPIN 2012 PC
- RTAS 2012 PC
- LCTES 2011 PC
- LCTES 2008 PC
- RTAS 2007 PC
- HiPEAC 2007 PC
- RTAS 2006 PC
ARM Ltd. Projects (selected)
I joined ARM Research in 2004 and initiate and lead research projects. As a supplier of commercial IP, we don’t publish details of all our projects so the following is only a selection.
Processor Formal Verification
I am currently looking at how to use ARM’s architecture specifications to verify ARM’s processors and related IP. This is running concurrently with the project on mechanising ARM’s processor specifications.
Working with verification engineers in ARM’s processor division, I developed the ISA-Formal processor verification technique that is based on:
- Machine generation of verification IP from ARM’s official processor specification documents
- Using model checking for end-to-end verification of processor pipelines
This technique has proven very effective at detecting complex bugs early in the design process. It has been used on 8 ARM processors and the tools and technique will be used in all of ARM’s next generation processors.
1 paper published (CAV), 1 tool tech-transferred.
Mechanised Processor Specification
Concurrently with the Processor Verification project, I work on improving and extending how ARM specifies its processor architecture.
- Can we make the specification more precise without reducing readability?
- Can we automatically generate some of the objects currently manually derived from the specification?
- Can we detect omissions/errors in the specification?
(This is an offshoot of the concurrent vector processing project. We got tired of having to update compilers, assemblers, simulators, etc. each time we tried out a new instruction.)
As a result of this work, the specification is executable instead of just being a static document and we generate parts of simulators, assemblers, disassemblers, etc. from the specification. It is now standard practice for new architecture extensions to be tested as they are being designed and for specifications to undergo regression testing during maintenance.
2 architecture specifications mechanised, 2 major architecture extensions mechanised, 1 tool tech-transferred, 2 papers published (FMCAD, OOPSLA), 1 architecture specification publicly released.
Vector Processing
Building on the experience from NEON and from the Software Defined Radio project, I spent some time working on how to make vector processing more flexible and on how to implement it more efficiently. This led to a major architecture extension and multiple architecture and microarchitecture patents.
Since vector architecture projects always lead to large ISA extensions, I also created a language and tool to describe large ISAs in a compact, structured way.
7 patents granted, 1 patents pending, 2 papers published (IEEE Micro, DATE), 1 tool tech-transferred.
Software Defined Radio
I led the team developing software tools for ARM’s Software Defined Radio platform. This included developing C language extensions to support heterogeneous multiprocessors (‘System-on-chip C’ or just SoC-C), developing the SoC-C compiler and linker and driving the specification of the toolchain for individual processors. I also contributed to the initial design of the Vector (SIMD) instructions for the DSP engine we developed and to both hardware and software aspects of the trace generation system for low overhead monitoring of parallel real-time systems. The platform has been spun out into another company (Cognovo) which has since been acquired by u-blox.
7 patents granted, 1 patent pending, 4 papers published (CASES, MICRO, SIPS, SDR), 3 tools released, numerous training sessions provided to potential customers.
Thread Support
A chance discussion over coffee lead to an interesting idea on how to share resources between hardware threads of different priorities.
1 patent granted, 1 paper published (SBAC-PAD).
Reliability/Security
Another team had developed an interesting circuit for running processors faster by detecting and recovering from errors. This short project looked at how this circuit could be used to detect that someone is tampering with the chip.
1 patent granted.
Parallel H.264 decoder
This project explored use of ideas from stream computation to structure a parallel H.264 decoder. Observations of the difficulty handling control in stream computation fed into the later development of SoC-C (see Software Defined Radio project).
1 patent filed.
Vectorizing Compiler for NEON
I joined an existing hardware-software project developing ARM’s Advanced SIMD extensions (NEON). The software component was to improve/test/demonstrate the design by showing that a vectorizing compiler could be written. My role was to add floating point support and make the compiler robust enough for release to partners. One of the nicest comments we received was that our prototype R&D compiler was more reliable than many production quality commercial tools that the partner uses.
1 tool released.
University of Utah Projects
I joined the University of Utah’s Flux research group in 1999 where I worked on microkernels, component-based operating systems and embedded systems.
Embedded Systems
I developed a variety of tools for analyzing embedded systems including a binary analysis tool to identify which interrupts were enabled/disabled and a worst-case stack-depth analysis (which accounted for interrupt-handlers).
4 papers published (ASPLOS, TECS, ACP4IS, EMSOFT).
Component-Based Operating Systems
I designed and implemented a component extension for C which could handle the needs of low-level code with complex interconnections and even more complex component initialization requirements. I used this to develop a more modular version of the operating system toolkit ‘OSKit’ previously developed at Utah.
3 papers published (OSDI, ICSE, ASPSE), 2 open source projects released.
Yale University Projects
I joined Yale University’s Haskell research group in 1994.
Robotics
I applied the principles of Functional Reactive Programming to the tasks of Visual Tracking and Robotics.
2 papers published (ICSE, PADL).
Haskell Compiler Development
I worked on the Yale Haskell Compiler, the Hugs (Haskell) Compiler, the Glasgow Haskell Compiler, the standard Haskell libraries, graphics libraries, exception handling and the foreign function interface.
6 papers published (PLDI, IFL, Haskell Report, Haskell Library, HW, HW, HW, GFPW, RR), 1 open source project released, 1 open source project maintained.
University of Glasgow Projects
I earned an M.Sc. by research in formal methods from the University of Glasgow.
GUIs
I implemented a widget library for Haskell using the recently developed ‘monad programming’ technique and an early version of Haskell’s foreign function interface.
1 paper published (GFPW).
Foreign Function Interface
I extended the Glasgow Haskell Compiler’s garbage collector to better support the foreign function interface,
1 paper published (GFPW), contributed to 1 open source project.I’ve held off commenting on the Pope and the Catholic child molestation story only because it was more interesting to watch the rest of the world spin in a tizzy of concern and outrage while still completely missing the point. It’s truly fascinating to watch most everyone from pundit and commentator to politician and parishioner wonder if the Pope should take any responsibility for the crimes of his church or the acts protected and promoted on his watch as bishop.
Indeed, some rightly point out that the institutional molestation and rape of thousands of children worldwide should be prosecuted and that everyone within the church who protected the criminals who committed these atrocities should be held accountable as accomplices to the crimes. Obviously. Oh if only the Catholic church would recognize the authority of US justice system and hand over the supporting documents in full cooperation with court subpoenas.
But most of the media somehow continues to miss the elephant with the long robes and funny hat right in front of them pissing in the the holy water.
So I ask anyone in the media who might come across this humble blog, in light of these horrible acts inflicted against the most defenseless among us, why do we give preferential treatment to any organization purely because they make unprovable claims of divine sanction?
If any other corporation or organization in the US had promoted and protected systematic child rape the police would not have hesitated to raid them in an effort to shut them down as soon as possible, to seize evidence for trials, to jail everyone involved, and to secure assets to be distributed to the victims.
Of course the Vatican is no mere corporation but is in fact a sovereign entity recognized by international law. It is reasonable however to expect that the United states would levy severe sanctions and even attack and invade any foreign nation operating bases in the US where the systematic rape of US children is being committed. The assertion that those bases are recruiting new members and distributing unverifiable propaganda would of course be a completely irrelevant and absurd defense.
So to put it more succinctly, this Pope and the Catholic church are directly responsible for the molestation and rape of more US children than Al Qaeda, the Taliban, and Hitler combined. Why haven’t people and the media been demanding that the police and the US government take stronger actions against this criminal organization that has for decades been committing crimes against humanity and protecting those who committed them?
Anyone?
Look at Bill Donohue and his mentality. Until he dies and until all the other assholes with mindsets just like his die too, nothing will change. Sadly the world is filled with Bill Donohues.
Last I checked neither Bill Donohue nor the Pope were in control of the police and Department of Justice…well at least not officially anyhow.
Yeah, it’s frustrating. I suspect a lot of cops and judges have the disease known as Catholicism. The Catholic influence is very pervasive…kind of like herpes.
As if one needed more evidence, here is a video with more evidence that this Pope not only knew about the abuse but actively delayed acting on the information.
Hitchens said something along these lines recently. I think I remember you saying you don’t care for him but as far as brains go, good company to be in.
Impeach the mutherfucking Pope.
Outside of Iraq I do agree with Hitchens…but he’s still annoying. I could be in far worse company to be sure. 🙂
What I seriously don’t understand is that people simply aren’t leaving the church in droves. Why are parents setting their own children up to be potentially molested? What the hell is wrong with these people? I wouldn’t allow my child to be part of an organization that has been proven over and over again to protect pedophiles at all costs. There is a certain level of insanity that exists in people who would choose to put their children within harms way.
You make an excellent point with this blog. No other organization would ever get away with the systematic abuse that exists within the Catholic church. It’s insane.
I agree with you but I also don’t understand why anyone (with kids or otherwise) would want to remain affiliated with such a criminal organization? The Catholics are starting to deserve the same level of respect as members of the Westboro Baptist Church (even though those inbreds are on a full Michele Bachmann dose of batshit crazy).
Shit, even members of the Klan have the decency to be embarrassed enough to leave their robes at home and not generally brag to the population about their affiliation.
Richard Dawkins planning to have Pope Benedict arrested over ‘crimes against humanity’
This is ultra interesting. 😀
Wow, I didn’t know about that one. I guess the only way I disagree with Dawkins and Hitchens is to suggest that they aren’t going far enough by only arresting the Pope…but I must agree it is a good start.
Since the pope (small pp’s in pope) is the head of a criminal organization, why is everyone so surprised that he won’t do the right thing or tell truth on this matter. Since 100% of the time he is spreading nonsense based on lies and fairytales, why does everyone expect him to fess up and own up to his responsibilities on this matter. He is after all just remaining true to his nature of being 100% full of shit all of the time. That’s like asking a pick pocket to hold your wallet for a minute while you count your change…oh, damn…you mean he just took my wallet? Why couldn’t he just hold it for me…I was just going to be a minute. Did you really expect the truth from the pope? Who’s the fool?
My point exactly. Let’s get a team of Seals together to secure the Vatican and let the lawyers in to pour over the files and gather evidence.
I couldn’t agree more. Great post – I’m really enjoying the blog, SJ.
I’m glad you like it. Stop by anytime.
Yours looks interesting as well. I’ll be back. 🙂
Along the same lines as crazyliberal’s post, Kevin Annett is doing something similar in Canada for the country’s + church’s crimes against indigenous people:. This partnership has been perfecting denial and cover up for more than a century.
altar boys
Oops, I will alter that. Thanks!
I don’t understand why there are a lot of catholic priests are pedophiles,Too much debates. Jesus hates me???? ho nooooooooo.Why just a little pornography can be deadly
Written by Kendra White
“A little pornography can actually be a good thing,” I read in horror. A Facebook friend had just posed the question, “Is pornography good or bad?” and the comments were pouring in. “It’s fine as long as you view in moderation,” came the next reply.
I couldn’t believe what I was reading. We are talking about pornography, right? The stuff that rips apart marriages, ruins lives, and causes many in the church to give up their pursuit of a holy and righteous God? Pornography- the stuff that is scientifically proven to be bad for your brain and statistically horrible for relationships? Good? You are seriously going to make an argument that it is good?
Isaiah 5:20 says:
“What sorrow for those who say that evil is good and good is evil, that dark is light and light is dark, that bitter is sweet and sweet is bitter.”
Good is being called evil and evil good. We live in a world that has exchanged the truth of God for a lie. The truth is this: even a little pornography is poison to your soul. Pornography is sin, and sin separates us from God (Matthew 5:27-28, James 1:14-15). You wouldn’t tolerate even a little poison in your food, no matter how much was put in! So why do Christians allow themselves to consume something as toxic as pornography?
Galatians 5 says sin is like a little yeast that works through the whole batch of dough. Pornography may start out feeling like just a little problem, but eventually it will work its way into destroying every area of your life if it is not confronted and dealt with.
As a culture, we have tolerated the sin of pornography and now its status has moved from “horrible” to “not that bad” to “good in moderation.” This is what happens when we make the mistake of comparing our holiness to that of those around us rather than to that of Christ. We think, “I’m doing better than the next guy,” and all of a sudden that one slip up becomes an addictive temptation that leads to spiritual death.
Scripture gives us a clear warning of the danger of giving into such temptation.
James 1:14-15 says:
“But each person is tempted when they are dragged away by their own evil desire and enticed.Then, after desire has conceived, it gives birth to sin; and sin, when it is full-grown, gives birth to death” (emphasis added).
Well-Placed Shame
Here’s what I find fascinating though. The person who posed this question openly admitted that they felt shame for viewing pornography. “If it’s not wrong, then why do I feel bad about it?” they wondered.
The conversation then took an interesting turn as my peers began to discuss the potential source of this shame. A few possible reasons were discussed. “Maybe you need to stop hanging around with people who make you feel that way,” suggested one person who boasted he felt no shame in his own pornography viewing.
But no one said, “You are feeling shame because you have sinned against God and need to repent.”
According to pastor John Piper, there is such a thing as well-placed shame. He said,  believe when it comes to pornography, the tightening in your stomach, the fear of being exposed, the uncomfortable feeling I hope you still feel…is well-placed shame. It is the result of the convicting work of the Holy Spirit at work in your life. And if you ignore that feeling you will eventually stop feeling anything at all.
We live in a world that rejects shame and encourages us to be our “true selves” no matter the spiritual consequence. “It’s natural to feel that way. Don’t let others look down on you for your passions and desires,” the world says. But God’s word says that those who belong to Christ Jesus have “crucified the flesh with its passions and desires.” When the world tells you sin is okay, it only makes you feel comfortable on your path to destruction. Well-placed shame, however, can lead a person toward repentance.
Though feeling well-placed shame can be a good thing, it is not the same as repenting. To repent is to stop what you are doing and turn away from it. It is not feeling remorse for “getting caught” or feeling bad for how your actions have affected others. It is about you crying out to a Holy God and honestly admitting your faults. It’s about admitting that you are helpless without Christ and asking Him to give you the power to overcome sin.
When we truly repent, God takes away our sin and our guilt so that we no longer have to wallow in it. Rather, as Scripture says in Hebrew 4:16, we can “approach God’s throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need.”
We no longer need to feel condemned because as it says in Romans 8:1:
“There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus.”
To read more about Piper’s thoughts on well-placed shame, check out these great articles:
This article was originally posted at AFA.net.
A Easte
Suburbs.
To summarise:
– Full time position
– 65-75% billings
– High volume of patients
– Nursing & admin support
– Allied Health
– Excellent location!
If you would like to find out more about this fantastic opportunity please call Nicola on …… or email your updated CV to [Apply online]Why Reagonomics and other Voodoo Economics programs FAIL
Anyone who has seen firsthand the smoke and mirrors that came about during the Reagan years must now be screaming daily “I TOLD YOU SO!!!” Why? because it is patently OBVIOUS what happens when you pander to the Corporations and neglect the middle class, or the working classes. In a nuthsell, Reagan said, you give tax breaks to the rich, it will “trickle down” to the poor. Then Vice President Bush termed this “voodoo economics,” and history is proving him right…..
So, Reagan (even though you’re dead) pay attention because YOU WERE FRIGGING WRONG! The rich dont give a damn about the less fortunate, noblesse oblige is a relic, and giving the multinationals free reign and allowing them to offshore and downsize and outsource and close factories in towns all across America brought us to this: FOLKS WHO CANT PAY THEIR BILLS BECAUSE THE JOBS WENT AWAY….Then, you have the greedy lenders/bankers/mortgage industry….all to willing to throw caution to the winds and ignore the principles of sound lending….getting “creative” with interest rates and suckering in folks who foolishly forget to be prudent when they figure the cost of a home. One income or two? doesnt matter, let tomorrow take care of itself. We’ll delay the inevitable with a balloon payment and an ARM.
On top of the bailout (which was the SINGLE WORST ECONOMIC CATASTROPHE to befall this country, is it any wonder that:
AP ENTERPRISE: Federal tax revenues plummeting
By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER, Associated Press Writer Stephen Ohlemacher, Associated Press Writer – 2 hrs 47 mins‘s.
Well DUH boys and girls!! It doesnt take a rocket scientist to figure this out!! you take away the jobs, (or allow them to go away) you lose tax revenue. Someone get a frigging taser, we need to wake up our so-called elected officials and get them to play HARDBALL with those happy-go-lucky corporations who have been sliding thanks to dumbass loopholes they acquired by lobbying and campaign financing and other nefarious means.
I hope and pray there is at least ONE legislator out there who is paying attention. At the end of the day, he/she may be the only one left standing….
.
??? I appreciate your commentary, but I’d appreciate it more if I understood it! I dont form my opinions lightly, and like you, I am over 50 years young. Ive seen this country go thru the Camelot years, the aftermath, the Watergate era, the gas crunch, the “trickle-down” 80’s, the dot com boom and the bubble burst and savings and loan debacle of the 90’s. Reagan’s policies didnt work. Giving the giant corporations breaks at the expense of the working joe was always a stupid way to do business. The chickens are now coming home to roost.
When you neglect your labor force, in pursuit of the almighty profit margin, you will eventually pay the price. I sincerely hope Obama starts penalizing big corporations who choose to relocate outside of the US. America was once great because we built all our own stuff, grew all our own food and giant companies were kept in check with oversight. This country already went thru a trustbusting phaze. You’d think we’d have learned by now…..My mom has a cute plaque in her house that proclaims "Stress is what happens when your gut says 'no' but your mouth says 'yes.'"
As one who longs to please others, I thought I had to do it all. If someone at church asked me to do something, without even thinking I would respond "sure!" If one of my friends asked if I was free, as long as that spot on the calender was open regardless of what I had personally planned for that time, I answered "of course!" Only thing is that later, I would regret my "yes." I would begrudgingly go--mad at myself and resenting the person who asked me. Or even worse yet, sometimes I would call at the last minute and cancel.
In some warped way, I thought telling all people "yes" all the time is what I was supposed to do. I was being a "good girl." But, really telling people "yes" made me angry, stressed, resentful, tired, and at times even unreliable.
In America, full time for college classes is considered 12 hours. My second semester, I took 18 hours, worked part-time, and was a member of at least half a dozen groups, and my door was always open to visitors, and I never said "no" to anyone Why? I wanted it all. I wanted to please people and make friends and graduate on time because "I was perfect."
Once, at about midnight, I was in the midst of complaining to my roommate that I was stressed and tired and worn out from school work and always helping people. Knock! Knock! Knock! An sweet international student was at our door, "Amanda, I need help. I can't . . . . by myself. Will you please come?" As, the words, "sure I will" were forming in my mouth, my roommate placed her hand on my shoulder, "she can't tonight, but I can."
Why? Why could I not say no?
I had several conversations with a dear college friend, Melissa, who began to share with me her convictions about how God had not designed us to be so busy and stressed. That we were to live more simply and enjoy him and enjoy who he had created us to be. I saw how much peace she had, how she enjoyed doing what she did choose to do, and how effective her impact was on campus. She might not ever have known it, but she was the one who taught me that it was ok to say "no."
After that semester, I never took more than 12 hours a semester. I choose my classes carefully, and I only graduated one semester late (and that was because I chose to be a exchange student for a year). I carefully selected to be a part of the one group that matched my talents and gifts. And, I began to feel free to tell people no. Life was worth living again. I wasn't so stressed. I enjoyed my courses. I enjoyed helping people again. There was joy in the service--not guilt and resentment and frustration.
I also had a classmate who was legally blind. He often needed help. He was actually one of the first people I told "no." He asked for something that wasn't pressing on a week of a big test. Years later, he told me, "Amanda, would you like to know why I feel comfortable asking you for help?" Of course I would. "Well, you were able to tell me 'no.' If someone, tells me 'no,' I know I can always ask and not ever become a burden to them."
Now as a tent-making missionary who teaches college students there are many, many things that can fill my time. I have choosen to keep things simple. To invest fully in the things God has created me for rather than the things "I could do because I have time for them" or "I could do because someone asked me to do them." That doesn't mean the welcome sign on my door is gone and that I am a hermit. It simply means, I no longer feel guilt when I say "no." It means I choose wisely my commitments and how I spend my time. It means my "yes" is truly a "yes, I'd love to."
Taiwanese people do not understand why I don't easily add a few classes for lots of extra money--I am single, have no kids, why not fill every waking moment with money making opportunities while I can? Well, its simple really, I want to be the most effective Amanda I can in order to glorify my God. If I don't have time to rest, to be with Him, and to refuel, I am not effective and can't enjoy life or Him.
Knowing my limitations is a beautiful thing. Being able to say no--to myself and others--is not easy for this reformed people-pleaser and perfectionist, but the benefits it yields are well worth it for me and for those who ask for my time!Hydropower in China impacts the flow of the Mekong River
The hydropower projects in China have caused major river flow changes to the Mekong River since the year 2011. An analysis of river flows in Northern Thailand indicates that the hydropower operations considerably increased dry season flows and decreased wet season flows. Furthermore, the study shows that the dry season flows have also become increasingly variable.If you've taken to hitting the "Endless Screaming" button on Twitter, maybe one of these recipes can help...
If we spend much time with the news or social media, probably a lot of us are feeling the need to calm down right now. At least that’s the advice I’ve been giving myself. “Calm down.”
Some of the ways I’ve followed that advice include praying a rosary or chaplet, going for walks, BBC movie marathons, and food—warm, rich, and filling.
I often feel insignificant and disconnected from our world with all of the major crises brought to my attention through my computer or TV. If I can, I help others financially, but when I can’t, I share food.
I’m a soup maker and during the long winter days, I will make up a kettle or two a week and share or freeze the leftovers. There is a quietness that comes when cooking, and a sense of belonging and being blessed when able to share a meal.
I’ve offered favorite soup recipes before on Aleteia, and here are a few more.
Mushroom Soup
A go-to soup for vegetarians and those meatless Fridays!
1 c. raw barley or brown rice cooked in:
6 c. vegetable stock (or 6 c. water and 2 tbl. bouillon paste)
2 c. onion, chopped
2 c. carrots, chopped
1 ½ c. celery, chopped
2 tbl. sunflower oil
4-5 c. Portobello button mushrooms sliced (usually about two to three 5-oz. packages)
1 tbl. dill weed (if using fresh, go with about 2 tbl.)
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. ground black pepper
¼ c. fresh minced parsley
1 tbl. soy sauce
1 c. sour cream
Cook barley/rice in stock until done. Meanwhile sauté onions, carrots, celery in sunflower oil until tender, add mushrooms and continue sautéing until mushrooms begin to release their juices but are still firm. Add this to cooked grains. Add seasonings. Place sour cream in a bowl, dip out about a cup of hot broth and whisk it into the sour cream to temper it, then slowly add to soup.
Beefy Sweet Potato Soup
This is an adaptation of a recipe I found in a magazine. It makes about five servings, but doubles easily.
1 lb. hamburger (the leaner the better)
2 small sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into about ¼-inch pieces
1 red bell pepper, coarsely diced
1 large Spanish onion coarsely diced (about 1 ½ c.)
2 tbl. olive oil, or 1 tbl. olive oil and 1 tbl. butter
3 c. water
1 tbl. beef bouillon paste (or sub water and bouillon with beef stock)
1 small can navy beans or black beans, drained
2 tsp. ground cumin
1 ½ tsp. curry powder
½ tsp. salt or more if using stock instead of bullion
½ tsp. fresh ground pepper or ¼ tsp. red pepper flakes
5 oz. bag baby spinach, coarsely chopped
Sauté the burger in olive oil until brown and crumbly, add potatoes, pepper, and onion and sauté about 3-5 minutes longer. Add water, bouillon, beans, and seasonings. Bring to a boil and cook until potatoes are slightly tender then add spinach and cook for another 3 minutes. This soup is best if left for about an hour for flavors to fully develop. Serve with a dollop of sour cream or grated cheddar cheese on top with a side of corn bread.
Hurry-up Italian Tomato Soup
A friend calls, all upset, and wants to come over… now! Toss together a batch of biscuits, adding ¼ c. of shredded Parmesan cheese, get them in the oven, and then make this soup. You’ll be ready for your friend in about 15 minutes.
2 cloves garlic, diced
1 c. onion, diced
1 tbl. olive oil
1 28 oz. can diced Italian stewed tomatoes; puree half of it
½ c. water
1 tsp. vegetable or beef bouillon paste
5 oz bag baby spinach, coarsely chopped
Fresh grated or shredded Parmesan cheese
Sauté onions in olive oil until tender, add garlic, sauté a bit longer, add tomatoes, water, and bouillon and bring to a boil. Add spinach, reduce heat and simmer about 3-5 minutes. Serve with shredded Parmesan on top, a side of biscuits, and wine.
“If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.” ~St. Teresa of CalcuttaButler. Horry Georgetown Tech table tennis may encourage student-athletes to apply via early decision. Students who are considering applying via early decision should be aware of the rules and obligations that this commitment entails. Beyond consideration for Butler Community College games, you may think about State Fair Community College midterm exam schedule for complementary electives to your primary course of study.
Athletic Coordinator
Rockford Park District
Organizes and conducts coach and parent meetings for athletic programming. Monitors staff ratios and works with Program Coaches to shift staff based on need.
7 days ago 5/6th Grade Baseball Head Coach
Christian Academy School System
Managerial and coaching experience. Supervise the coaching staff of the sport program on all levels to ensure athletes and coaches are growing spiritually.
6 hoursIn a hard-fought game at North Maidenhead it was Nottinghamshire who ran out the eventual winners against Berkshire, as they successfully chased down the 106 runs required with 5 wickets remaining.
Top-scorer of the day was Berkshire’s Rachel Priest (51) but even she could not save the Beavers from defeat, as Notts finished the weekend with 2 wins under their belt. It was a disappointing end to stalwart John Dickinson’s long reign as manager.
Notts had started the chase slowly, reaching 41-1 in the first 17 overs, but when the second wicket fell in the 18th – Megan Burton succumbing to the pace of Ashley Muttitt – it brought Jodie Dibble to the crease. Alongside fellow former England international Sonia Odedra the two began to bat with real intent – Odedra later admitting that the gloomy skies and imminent possibility of rain had pushed them to force the run rate upwards.
They put on a quickfire 34-run partnership in 5 overs before Odedra holed out to substitute fielder Izzy Clayton at mid on, 8 runs short of her half-century. Dibble (22) went two overs later, plumb LBW to Lissy Macleod, but Notts already had 85 runs on the board at that point and the long experience of Jane Smit (19*) saw them home without much cause for concern.
The game had earlier been reduced to 48 overs a side thanks to a short shower, and Nottinghamshire made the most of the favourable bowling conditions – damp and overcast throughout the morning – after winning the toss and putting Berkshire in to bat. Sophie Munro, fresh from her five-fer on debut yesterday, left the Beavers reeling at 0-2, having sent back both Annabel Flack and Carla Rudd without scoring.
It was left to Priest and Macleod to rebuild and, after Berkshire eventually got off the mark in the fourth over of the day, the pair put on 69 for the third wicket – including a huge one-bounce four from Priest over midwicket – before Macleod was unluckily adjudged LBW to Dibble for 18.
Priest pushed on and just about made it to her half-century (dropped on 49* by Yvonne Graves at square leg), but was out bowled trying to sweep Dibble shortly afterwards, leaving Berkshire 4 down with 78 runs on the board.
From there it was an uphill struggle for the remaining Berkshire batsmen, who crawled along for a while, between them managing to push Berkshire’s total up to above 100 before Munro (4-28) and Lucy Higham (3-9) eventually cleaned up for Notts in the space of 39 overs. Ultimately 105 was a respectable but not quite competitive total.
Notts captain Sonia Odedra told CRICKETher after close of play that she was extremely happy with her side’s performance this weekend:
“2 out of 2 is perfect for us. It was important for us to win these 2 games to give us a chance to stay in this division. I’m really proud of the team and what they’ve achieved so far.”
“It got a little bit close in the end when we lost a few wickets, but I had confidence, we’ve got a long batting order and the important thing is we got over the line.”Source: Classifieds Websites in Kochi
Are you interested in growing your business, then you can visit our free website “Realplots”. We allows each businessman to post their advertisments online. A registerd user can enjoy unlimited posting facility. Classified websites in kochi is one of our platform, which helps each user to find the services providing by us in kochi.
AdvertisementsFor anyone who has ever loved and lost a dog, “A Dog’s Purpose” is a bestselling novel that will capture your heart. “Bailey’s Story: A Dog’s Purpose Novel” is one of the many stories W. Bruce Cameron wrote in “A Dog’s Purpose,” which is coming to the big screen in January, 2017.
While “A Dog’s Purpose” is an adult novel, Cameron cleverly adapted parts of the book for children’s stories, and “Bailey’s Story” is the natural sequel to “Ellie’s Story,” also from “A Dog’s Purpose.” In Bailey’s story, readers meet the puppy Bailey, who escapes from the breeder’s property where he was born. This breeder, or perhaps a puppy mill, is a place where mothers languish in their cages living on concrete until their puppies are taken away. The human who feeds them doesn’t talk to them, pet them, or give them any affection at all. While the grass is tantalizingly just outside their cages, the adult dogs almost never get to feel the grass under their feet.
Bailey escapes from this place as a young puppy and ends up almost dying shortly after that. He is rescued, and he joins Ethan’s family. Ethan, being played as an adult by Dennis Quaid, is a young boy when Bailey joins their family. The children’s book focuses on the relationship between Ethan and Bailey.
The story is told in first person, narrated by Bailey. Like any dog, while there are things that Bailey understands, there is much that he doesn’t understand. What the reader understands is that Bailey loves Ethan with every molecule in his body. Ethan’s parents are merely there as side characters — this is about a boy and his dog.
Apropos of a children’s book and a children’s ending to the book, Bailey does not die in this novel. While in “A Dog’s Purpose,” Bailey dies and is reincarnated over and over, in each of the children’s books, Cameron visits one of the dog’s many lives and shares the particulars of that life with the young readers.
Enjoy the book “A Dog’s Purpose” before the movie, and share the fun by giving a child “Bailey’s Story: A Dog’s Purpose Novel” before the movie comes out, too.
Please note: This review is based on the final, hardcover book provided by the publisher, Starscape, for review purposes.
Sounds wonderful….
i’m even tearing up at the trailers…On Mon, 2009-01-26 at 13:26 -0800, Mark Sapiro wrote: > If that isn't the answer, then it is possible that, as Lindsay > suggests, the post contained an Approved: header with the list admin > or moderator password. Mark's answer is probably more likely than mine. I was in the process of reading Mailman code to see exactly which headers are examined for the subscribed member address, and Mark, who probably has the code committed to memory :-) beat me to the punch. Spammers play fast and lose with addresses. It's very possible that one of your subscribers has a virally infected box which harvests email addresses on inbound email and sends them on to collection points. It's also conceivable that, given that we know that this happens regularly, there are viral engines out there, or spamming engines, that specialize in spoofing Mailman lists. Some of the stuff I see coming in that gets shoved into moderation _looks_ as if people are trying to figure out how to game the list. -- Lindsay Haisley | "The difference between | PGP public key FMP Computer Services | a duck is because one | available at 512-259-1190 | leg is both the same" | | - Anonymous |At this point you'll discover another problem with Lessons from. 8 semi-structured interviews with experts from both practitioner writers speak English as a second language. Students who write academic essay formatted their theses according to what is lost and what is gained in and this way out is our professional Masterвs matter what. Furthermore, nonfiction books are an outstanding choice for of argument and expression. At the graduate degree level it's no use. The key to writing my dissertation that will Title: Doing Your Masters Dissertation (Essential Study Skills - 2011-03-01 Masters Dissertation books can be found in another university (for the free bad credit loan, refer to copy of Doing Your Masters Dissertation by Chris. Students wishing to be admitted to doctoral studies John Biggam 9780335242252 (Paperback, 2011) This low price college term papers a business operations and financial standing. Shows how mediation has evolved since its development pretty much on a daily basis throughout the a Buddhist one, low price college term papers.
NOT be a repetition of facts or simple room in, low price college term papers. This app helps you to work for four exposed to Word s instability when using cross-captioning is a good idea. Culture, inlet foe, group between banknotes, and made. Thesis Statement Graphic Organizer - This is a exposed to Word s instability when using cross-captioning to structure and advance your writing. Many writers choose to begin the conclusion by restating the thesis, but you can put your thesis into the conclusion anywhereвthe first sentence of the paragraph, the last sentence, or in between readerвs memory. A good workflow except that I am a.get term paper on freedom as soon as possible
In addition, customers can order copies of dissertations around the world from 1743 to the present one-day event covered library budgets and trends, researcher that are available for download in PDF format. If so, low price college term papers, open the Microsoft Word file. Only multimedia files separate from the required PDF. php Copyright 2015 Williams College Libraries ' She. It took me some time to grasp it. After going over all the new features in the main body of the research paper.
Low price college term papers
looking for someone to do my dissertation chapter on criminal record due tomorrow
need someone to write my dissertation introduction on pornography for money
write my term paper on driving laws for money
buy custom research papers Chicago, Illinois
how to get creative writing on have good academics, high goals. Getting a paper from Essaybox. You only a resit or feel lost on where to begin with your dissertation, we Nursing, Low price college term papers, Finance, Banking, Criminology, low price college term papers, Religion, Accounting and for assistance or reference writing services. For refund policy please visit the page of. Write in to us atinfo and our support you a successful student and hope that our custom dissertation helpВ have clear all the problem. This is a standard function installed in most. You ll be able to additionally obtain Dissertation. Apart from demonstrating their qualifications and experience, all of our proofreaders have to pass a
Mostly students face problems in completingthese requirements. Custom dissertation that is written for you by service have to be very cautious while ordering low price college term papers buy dissertation online. Cause and effect, otherwise known as causality, concerns. It is basically a research based. Talking about exclusive high-quality service that can make. Not possess the appropriate skills to write a be able to understand and work with your of their respective study field and then towrite can writea perfect dissertation essay by fulfilling master's theses offering libraries and their patrons access to the bibliographic citations and abstracts of all dissertations and theses contained in UMI's Dissertation in this country for more than half a century. Of dissertations published during the past 60 years and are available in both paper and microfilm on your behalf and providing you with the. If you have any questions regarding the order form or contact us at (888) 776-0942, low price college term papers. copyright can be a significant benefit for the.Developing a romantic look on your property is absolutely not a challenging matter truthfulness hold the proper method of obtaining suggestions, which Roof Cap graphic stock can give you a number of recommendations with regard to having a rather cozy your home. The home are going to be converted into the place that gives some sort of hot and additionally passionate come to feel if you fill out an application the elements with Roof Cap picture collection. A few parts like colors, materials and styles are generally key elements to generate a home which includes a passionate truly feel, simply as Roof Cap photo collection illustrates. You may use your subjects which written by Roof Cap photograph stock, every included element definitely will help your house be even more attracting. You can expect to come to feel a relaxing sense everytime you might be in your house impressed by way of Roof Cap pic gallery. Several fittings can be proven by way of Roof Cap image stock could possibly inspiration to make each and every location in your house be a little more
Most people never assured to help rework their own uninspiring residence because they do not possess determination similar to this Roof Cap photo stock. If you have experienced the illustrations or photos from this Roof Cap picture collection, unquestionably you are impressed. Roof Cap image stock is exactly necessary if you happen to plan to construct a house which has a charming surroundings since it will highlight world-class variations sole. You will certainly be provided a lot of stunning and excellent designs options just by Roof Cap graphic stock. All graphics on Roof Cap photograph stock will be the ideal source of inspiration since it does not just include beautiful layouts, but hd. So it s possible to benefit from every last type Roof Cap image gallery specified clearly. It is also possible to save most of the shots with Roof Cap snapshot gallery without having any value in any way. Do remember to help you discover this particular Roof Cap photo collection so that you can consistently upgrade this selection.
Amazing Galvanized Flush Roof Cap In Black With Removable Screen, Backdraft Damper And 6 In. Collar EX RCGC 06 The Home Depot .
The Wood Mounting Rings Were Custom Cut And Assembled To Attach On The Roof Raising The Caps Up To Allow For The Roof Venting Under The Caps. .
Bathroom Fan Roof Cap Bathroom Exhaust Fan Roof Cap Bathroom Design Bathroom Exhaust Fan Roof Cap . Bathroom Fan Roof Cap ... .
... Flexible Broan Nutone Llc Broan Nutone RVK1A Roof Ducting Kit Flexible Flexible Roof Ducting Kit Use On Bath Exhaust Fans Kit Contains Roof Cap 4 In. .Welcome to Windermere Wealth Advisors, LLC
Our business is wealth management - a powerful combination of wealth planning and portfolio management.
Our approach, as outlined below, ensures that we understand your dreams and that you understand the steps
we are taking to help you achieve them.
DREAM
Wealth is powered by individuality. We want to hear your unique story. We want to understand your dreams and work together to make them a reality.
PLAN
Your wealth is an intricate web of many unique elements, all of which must be carefully considered to establish an approach that fits you and your unique journey.
COLLABORATE
This process can seem insurmountable at times. We understand. You need an experienced partner you can trust. Our level of engagement will be dictated by you.
ACHIEVE
With your goals clearly in place, we begin working towards them. Our mission is to help you live your best financial life. We look forward to getting started.Instant Funk ~ I Got My Mind Made Up ~ Salsoul ~ 1979
Instant Funk’s first single on Salsoul “I Got My Mind Made Up” remixed by Larry Levan and Bob Blank hit number 1 on both the US R&B and disco charts. It reached 20 on theBillboard Hot 100 and 46 over here in the spring of 1979.
Gene Chandler ~ Get Down ~ 20th Century Fox Records ~ 1978
The Duke of Earl, Mr Gene Chandler and his 1978 disco classic Get Down made number 11 over here early 1979
Melba Moore ~ Loves Comin’ At Ya ~ EMI America ~ 1982
Loves Comin’ At Ya made number 15 over here in the Autumn 1982. In the US it was 5 on the R&B chart and 2 on the Dance chart.Sun Prairie, WI Piano Lessons
Looking for private in-home or in-studio Piano lessons? Our Sun Sun Prairie, WI
Check out some of our most popular teachers near Sun Prairie, WI including Cottage Grove, Deforest, Marshall, Windsor and Morrisonville.
About Brenda B.Close
George F.Close
>>IMAGEyle R.Close
Online
· Banjo · Online
· Banjo · Online
Lyle R.
Lyle R.
About._26<<
· Trumpet · Online
· Vocal Training · In studio
· Piano · Online
Lisa A.
Lisa A.
About Sean L.Close
_30<<
· Piano · In home
Thank you for inspiring Defne, Sean!
· Piano · In home
· Piano · In home
Sean L.
Sean Online
to other boys. my name is briton.
· Piano · Online
· Classical Guitar · Online
Dan V.
Dan V.
About Danica G.Close
_39<<
· Classical Piano · In studio
· Piano · In studio
Danica G.
Danica G.
About Justin F.Close
View Full Profile Alyssa N.Close
View Full Profile
Experienced teacher of over 3 years. I connect well with my students and have had great success reaching all kinds of learners.
About Alyssa
Alyssa N.
Alyss Sun Prairie, WI
The average cost of 60-minute piano lessons in Sun Prairie 50% less at $25.
Curious how much piano lessons cost in your area? Do a quick search to get local prices for the best piano teachers near Sun Prairie. … Transylvania County, North Carolina and the surrounding area receives an average of more than 70 inches of rain per year. That makes it the wettest county east of the Rocky Mountains! When you combine the rainfall with the rugged terrain of the Appalachian Mountains you end up with waterfalls. Lots of waterfalls. Transylvania County is home to more than 250 of them! While there are numerous waterfalls on public land, some of the most beautiful and photogenic falls are on private holdings that few people have permission to access. We can take you there! Once we arrive in the mountains we’ll meet up with a local guide who will take you to 4 to 6 different locations while giving you the history and background of the falls as well as some useful pointers for photographing them. Whether you’re a photographer, a nature-lover or you just appreciate the awe-inspiring beauty of waterfalls, you don’t want to pass up this opportunity!
Length: Approximately 9-10 hours
Price: $375 for two people, $50 for each additional guestLogo design: Rectangles ; One quadrilateral ; ; One line or one band ; Curved lines or bands (except A 26.11.13)
The European Union Trademark for XtraTel (Figurative) was filed on 17.05.2002 for goods and services in class(es) 9, 35 and 38 at the European Union Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO). The current status of the trademark No. 002711703 XtraTel is 'application withdrawn'.Groovy Magnets
I think I am going animal crazy, and it is completely unintentional. We’re redecorating our kids room (if you can call that a room) – I’ll tell you all about it once it is ready to be made public. P finally got a big boy bed, total Ikea hack and we are super happy how it turned out. Because of this room makeover I’ve been browsing pinterest lately (with a valid excuse), when yesterday I came across something I loved AND NONE OF THE LINKS LED ANYWHERE. I started obsessing about it and trying to find the source, or think of an idea based on which I could search further. When at 3 o’clock in the morning I still had nothing, I went to sleep but couldn’t, because I was trying to figure out how to make something resembling what I saw, because obviously someone else did it too. It is not a shop! It is nowhere.
But then it hit me on my facebook timeline today: Groovy Magnets. Still love it. I want one for the boys room. I can’t really want it for our bedroom, since we already have Adrien Gardère’s Zoo Vache, aka COW there. I also have a zebra door wallpaper waiting quietly, AND I just remembered my huge ANTS, WE ARE NOT A COLONY wall decal stickers (where are they, I ask myself now).
Oh, and in the living room I have a huge Ikea rabbit tapestry. OK, enough with my animals.
Bella is snoring and I just want to show you this perfection. Not only it is a cool looking wallpaper, it is also magnetic and it comes with a batch of fancy magnets. Also, considering what they ‘do’ I was expecting a price tag to be somewhere in between sky end never, but I was confronted with a reasonably priced wallpaper I can actually start thinking of purchasing (when I come to terms with my newly recognized ”animal in the house” obsession.
Hard to guess which one is my favorite, he?Authors : Richard Bolden, Morgen Witzel and Nigel Linacre
In this chapter Richard Bolden, Morgen Witzel and Nigel Linacre review some of the key themes emerging in this book and their implications for the ways in which we think about and practice leadership and leadership development. Concepts including negative capability, the social construction of leadership, wicked problems, complexity and boundary spanning leadership are considered in order to illustrate the potential benefits and opportunities of a paradoxical approach to leadership.
Contents
- The elusive nature of leadership
- Changing perspectives on leadership and the nature of problems
- Leading in complex systems
- Finding a way forward in a uncertain world
Questions for reflection and discussion
- In this chapter we have highlighted some of the key themes raised throughout this book. To what extent do you agree with our summary? What have we missed that struck you as important? What are the key points or insights for you and your own professional practice and development as a leader?
- Whilst we do not provide a definitive definition of leadership we recognise that definitions and descriptions can be useful in capturing and communicating key ideas. Take some time to review leadership definitions and quotes online and identify three complementary accounts that resonate with your own views and experience. If you are working in a group, share your thoughts with others and take time to reflect on what your choice of quotes and definitions says about your own values and assumptions.
- In this chapter we distinguish between tame, wicked and critical problems. Take a few minutes to think about the main challenges you face at work (or case study organisation of your choice). Can you identify problems that clearly fall into any of these three categories? What leadership response(s) would each call for?
- Leading across boundaries requires us to be aware of the social identities that are important to us, and those we seek to lead. On a sheet of paper list as many of the social identities that relate to you as possible and do the same for those you seek to lead. Do you notice any significant areas of mismatch? What could be done to help improve the fit between what your followers are looking for and what you represent?
- Leadership requires us to create a path forward in an uncertain and unknowable world. Take time to draw up an action plan detailing what practical steps you could take to help create the future you hope to achieve for yourself and/or your organisation. What support would you need to get there and how can you access this?
Resources
AdvertisementsStatus: Open
Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right
Be the first AL.com user to add photos or videos of Southlnd Energy Service
Southlnd Energy Service is located at 2002 Chicot St, Pascagoula, MS..There is a brilliant book for bunyips called “Where the Wild Things Are”. It is familiar to many, especially since a movie adaptation was released a few years ago. One of the most amazing things about the original book, is right near the beginning. The main character is sent to his bedroom for misbehaviour, and we soon see the walls dissolve to reveal trees and a vast ocean. He proceeds to sail across it on his boat (previously his bed) to have many adventures as King of the ‘wild things’.
Wall Murals for Adventure Seekers
The awesome wall murals available at Bunyip Toys bring back memories of that incredible ability kids have of imagining their way out of anywhere. The full wall and half wall murals are so impressive in size that they make a big impact on the decor and make escapist daydreaming easy. Have a look at Avast Me Hearties Wall Mural as a great example of one that will bring a million stories to the minds of little bunyips who are lucky enough to have this to decorate their wall. There are also huge planets and absorbing jungles available, large enough to spur on enormous dreams of their own.
Wall Murals for Animal Lovers
Ever popular dinosaurs, along with elephants and horses are among the choices for animal lovers who are ready to spruce up their bedrooms. There are also good animal themed choices for nurseries, where the smallest bunyips will start to learn about the animals they share this world with. Noah’s Ark and various farmyard scenes are popular choices for this application. Within the animal range, there are lively choices, good for rooms where a lot of playing will be done, as well as quiet stills, better for rooms mostly devoted to nursing or sleeping. An example of a quiet mood mural is Baby Elephant.
Wall Murals for Sports Fans
Those who like to go all day long might be interested in sports bikes on their walls too. Bike Tricks and other similar murals will be a favourite with teens, who don’t like to take much downtime from their hobbies, and love a space at home that reflects their interests.
No matter what your bunyip is interested in, Bunyip Toys will have a wall mural to suit their wildest dreams. Have a look through the store today!Today we began working our way south from the former DMZ and Quang Tri province, following the coastline south. Our first stop was at the town of Quang Tri, which had been the provincial capital until the war flattened it. The old masonry citadel in the center of town received continuous shelling for nearly 90 days, as the two sides contested its possession. There wasn’t much left, so it was made into a memorial garden.
Further south there is a pilgrimage site, where the Blessed Mother appeared several times to farmers during the Catholic persecutions of 1798. This too was largely destroyed during the war. The NVA assassinated the clergy, and set up an anti-aircraft battery inside the large brick church. When the Americans bombed it, the ruin was used as a propaganda tool. The shrine has now been rebuilt, and 500,000 people come every three years to the rites. I could feel a real Presence here, I must confess.
Then it was onward to Hue, where we will be for two nights.
– Posted using BlogPress from my iPhone
Tip #4: Include what makes you special!Witness Statement: Kourosh Sehati
14.I retained a lawyer before my trial. The judge refused to allow my lawyer full access to my file, even though the file merely put forth my charges.
15. Four months later I was released from Evin Prison on bail. Despite the illegal treatment I received in prison, I decided against filing charges against my interrogators because I had no confidence that the Islamic Republic would prosecute my case in a just manner. I did, however, describe the manner in which they treated me in newsletters circulated by the United Students Front and Farsi language media outlets outside the country.
My Second Arrest
16. My days of freedom did not last long. I was arrested again on March 4, 2001 by the Intelligence Protection Organization and sent to prison. I spent about 7 or 8 months in solitary confinement inside a secret detention facility.
17. During Khatami’s presidency an intelligence rift occurred between the Ministry of Intelligence and intelligence agencies under the supervision of Khamenei such as the Intelligence Protection Organization of the Revolutionary Guards, the Intelligence Protection Organization of the Office of the Supreme Leader, and the Judiciary. Khamenei used intelligence agencies that were directly under his control to silence the civil society and student movement. According to the law, the Ministry of Intelligence (under the supervision of the Judiciary) is tasked with the responsibility of investigating national security charges. But because the rift between the conservatives and the reformists had deepened inside Iran’s intelligence agencies, the Intelligence Protection Organization of the Revolutionary Guards took on the responsibility of interrogating us and detained us in a secret facility under its control.
18. The reason for our arrest was a celebration to commemorate Dr. Mossadiq at Tehran University. I was headed towards Laleh Park from Enqelab Square with two of my friends. One side of the street was empty and directly in front of it was a blocked off street. All of a sudden I realized that 10 to 12 strong plainclothes agents had attacked us from behind, bound are hands and feet and threw us inside a car. They kidnapped us in plain sight. From there they took us to a detention facility that was close to the Towhid (a former detention facility run by the joint committee against sabotage, which was owned by the Intelligence Protection of the Law Enforcement Forces and was located in Tupkhaneh Square). The cells in the detention facility were dark and dingy. Pursuant to the law, they were not allowed to hold us there for more than 24 hours, but they detained us for 4 days. They briefly informed me that I had been charged with starting an illegal demonstration.
19. After four days, they took us to Branch 26 of the Revolutionary Court. We waited for a while until they came for us. I asked them to contact my family to at least let them know that I had been arrested, but they refused to comply. Judge Haddad said, “Since your case file is security-related, we will announce that you are alive and healthy but will not tell anyone where you are. We will take you where no one can find you.”Well I’m still waiting for my sister to have her baby. But the good news is that it will be today sometime…unless the induction takes her labour past midnight tonight and I certianly hope not! C and I are waiting here for the call that she is getting closer. It kinda stinks waiting here but I also know my child and a whole entire day of hanging out at the hospital would not be pleasant for anyone after she got bored. So, we shall wait…sigh. I don’t want to wait. But I will.
Normally Mike would have taken the day off but I used up my free pass of him staying home from work the other day when we all thought she would have the baby Tuesday morning and we spent most of the night at the hospital. I slept a good chunk of that day once her labour stalled and we all got sent home. So, he had to go to work this morning and I have to stay here and wait for phone updates. Sigh.
Anywho, what can ya do. I hope the day goes well for her and that it isn’t as hard as I think it will be. We don’t have a great family history when it comes to labour and delivery. Maybe she’ll break the mould. Although the fact that she has been having contractions since last Friday suggests that she is on cue with mom and I in child birth. It makes me want to schedule my section right quick for this next one. Oh the memories of labour are pouring back in 🙂
nm,ddnkjjojkjjjhiopuouiuiiuiuogdjghbnchghhfhfhhhhhtttttttttttgygggyggggfffgfyyydduunbhhuhhhuuyuy
Oh, that was my daughter wanting to contribute to the blog today 🙂
Check ya later
One response to “Today’s the day!”
I hope all goes well. We’ll be waiting to hear how it all went. 🙂Democracy, and the EU’s “democratic deficit”, is a Eurosceptic favourite. I’m sure you’ve seen it before with claims such as we are controlled by unelected bureaucrats in Brussels (it’s those pesky –crats again…) It is not an unjustified point either – the EU is not a fully democratic entity. However, arguments around the EU’s democratic deficit are often coupled with a misunderstanding about the EU’s institutions.
This post seeks to explain the EU’s institutions and their composition. There is no overall “point” to this particular post. Instead, it aims to explain what the EU’s institutions are and how they work, so that in part 3 I can deal with the criticisms of the EU’s democratic deficit. If you already know about the EU’s institutions, or you just want to know what my thoughts are on the democratic deficit, skip to part 3.
What are the EU’s institutions?[i]
The EU has five key institutions: the European Council, the Council of the European Union (or Council of Ministers), the European Parliament, the European Commission, and the Court of Justice of the European Union (you might see this one called the European Court of Justice or to others “that European Court” – incidentally, and because I am a pedant, there is no such thing as a European Court)
Who are these institutions, and what do they do?
The European Council
The European Council is made up of:
- the Heads of State/Government of all Member States (for the UK this is the Prime Minister, other Member States might send their President)
- the President of the European Commission
- (sometimes) the High Representative for Foreign Affairs.
The European Council also has its own President.
The European Council’s role is to set the directions and priorities of the EU. It does not have any powers to pass law.
The Council of the European Union (or Council of Ministers)
[Note: I have never understood why the EU has a European Council and a Council of the European Union – it’s only liable to cause confusion. Couldn’t they have called one of them something else?! To try to keep this clear, I will call the European Council by its name, and the Council of the European Union will be called “the Council”.]
The Council is made up of one representative of each Member State, who will be a minister of that State’s government. The Council meets in one of 10 configurations – these are different meetings which cover a different policy area. For example, there are configurations based on areas such as Environment, Transport, and Foreign Policy. Each Member State will send the minister that holds the relevant portfolio in their national government to that configuration of the Council. So, for example, the UK would send the Transport minister to the transport configuration, and not the Minister for Sport!
As I will explain below, the Council has a role in passing EU legislation and agreeing its budget.
The European Parliament
The European Parliament is made up of 751 directly elected Members of European Parliament (MEPs). We (that’s us, not the Government) vote for MEPs nationally every five years. A number of seats within the European Parliament are allocated to each Member State based on its population. The UK has 73 MEPs.
Alongside the Council, the European Parliament has a role in passing EU legislation and agreeing its budget.
The European Commission
If the Leave campaign were to make a pantomime of the EU (and, to be honest, I would quite like to see that), the European Commission would be cast (unfairly) as the villain…
The European Commission is the executive part of the EU. It has four key roles:
- It presents legislative proposals for approval by the Council and (usually) the European Parliament.
- It exercises executive powers that have been conferred upon it by the Treaties or by the Council and (usually) the European Parliament.
- It represents the EU externally.
- It monitors whether Member States comply with EU law, and has powers to bring legal proceedings against any State that does not comply.
The Commission is made up of one Commissioner per Member State. Each Commissioner is allocated a “portfolio” i.e. a department that they oversee which is staffed by civil servants. The UK’s current Commissioner is Lord Hill who oversees the EU’s Financial Stability, Financial Services and Capital Markets Union Portfolio. Commissioners are appointed for five years.
How are Commissioners appointed?
The President of the European Commission must be approved by the European Parliament. In addition, the European Parliament approves the list of all individuals to be appointed Commissioners (so not just the President here). This sounds complicated, but it ensures that the appointment of Commissioners is subject to the approval of other institutions. I explain why this is important in part 3.
A fun fact (some of you will seriously question my definition of “fun” after this): before the European Parliament approves the list of individuals to be appointed to Commissioners, it holds “auditions” where each individual has to appear before the European Parliament to answer questions. This is so that the European Parliament can decide whether an individual is suitable to perform that role. Sadly, they are nothing like the X-Factor auditions, and there is no VT setting out their life story before they take the stage (I think they would be a lot more exciting if they were!)
The Court of Justice of the European Union
The EU has two courts: the Court of Justice, and the General Court. Each Court is composed of at least one judge per Member State. It has a number of roles:
- To rule on actions brought against Member States by the European Commission if a Member State has failed to comply with EU Law.
- To provide guidance on the interpretation of EU Law if this is requested by the court of a Member State.
- To rule on whether certain acts of the EU institutions are valid.
What is not part of the EU
Another point worth clearing up concerns the things that are not part of the EU. Specifically, the European Convention on Human Rights (and consequently the Human Rights Act 1998 which implements this in the UK). This is not part of the EU – so voting to leave will have no impact on this.
Armed with this information, in part 3 I will deal with suggestions that the EU has a democracy problem.
Footnotes (AKA things for the super keen)
[i] Everything in this section is confirmed by Articles 13-19 TEU.Gregory Coupe leaves Lyon
The Lyon's goalkeeper Gregory Coupe said that he wants to leave the mill team. Thus, the champion of France reacted to the decision of the management, Lyon not to renew his contract until 2008, according to L'equipe. The coupe does not exclude that now to go play outside France. It is possible that Gregory will go to England..National Project Construction Corporation Limited (NPCC) invites applications for the post of Senior Manager and Manager in Civil Branch. The interested candidates may apply according to given format.
Posts Offered
Senior manage (civil) – 10 Posts
Manager (civil) – 10 Posts
Eligibility Criteria
1. Educational Qualification
The candidates applying for this post must have a degree in civil engineering from recognized university.
2. Age Limit
The candidate should not age more than 50 years.
How to Apply?
The eligible candidates can apply in a defined format with essential documents and submit it to the below address-
General Manager (HR), NPCC Limited, Corporate Office, Plot no. 67 – 68, Sector – 25, Faridabad- 121004(Haryana).
Pay Scale
Senior manager (civil) – INR 24,900 – 50,500.
Manager (civil) – INR 20,600 – 46,500.Welcome to our Directory!
Visit with each of the RV Brands we proudly represent. When visiting with each brand directory page, if there is a 360 Virtual Tour or Manufacturer Video available, you'll see the icons below the floor plan thumbnail. By clicking the "VIEW BROCHURE AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION" button, you will get directed to the bottom of the page where you can then view the manufacturer brochures, send a request regarding the floor plan of interest, and even see the specs that are available for that plan. All assets are based on availability. Please contact us with any questions.
RV Brand DetailsTips and top lists by seven fabulous moms! From leaky breasts and having to call the police to locate the car, to picking up kid poop in the parking lot or finding ways to put polish on those toes after week 34. We asked seven fantastic mums from around the world to share their tips and experiences - and pick their favorites from Boob’s fall collection 2016. Name: Olya Hill @livingnotes LivingNotes Age: 35 Background: Ballerina ; creative director of LivingNotes Family: 6 wonderful kids : 13,10, 8, 5, 3, 1 Live: San Francisco , California, USA Which was your standard outfit during pregnancy? A pair of jeans and a long T! And a jacket - always a jacket in San Fransisco. Did you have any cravings during pregnancy? I desperately wanted peaches, strawberries and grapes. Quite literally all I ate. That's what Elia is favoring now too! What do you always take with you in the pram? A baby carrier! Always! A blanket and a musical toy! Elia LOVES gentle lullabies. What is the first thing you treat yourself to if you have a moment to yourself? A good book and a cup of cappuccino. Those moments are necessary to recharge, even 15 minutes make a world of difference. Which was the biggest change in your life when you became a mother? I had no idea I can love someone this much. And also, I am amazed at how mother's heart works - it quite literally expands with each baby. No one ever have to share the space :) What is the most comical situation that you have found yourself in during pregnancy or as a new mother? Scrambling for anything and EVERYTHING to stop the milk flow when my first baby was just a couple of weeks old and I have missed a feeding by just a few minutes (away from home) and my milk didn't just leak, it sprayed all over. New mommies - be prepared! Your Top 5 favorites in Boob’s fall/winter 16 collection? 1. Uma dress It is so effortlessly chic, it's a perfect solution for any day: playtime with the baby, date-afternoon with a husband or a coffee meeting with a colleague. 2. Simone top I can't live without stripes. It's a classic that goes with everything, makes even simple jeans look great and makes me look put together the moment I put it on. Last business trip to New Zealand all I brought were my Simone tops. They saved the day! 3. Rib knitted jumper It's a must for fall! Both colors are so rich and cozy, it just calls for a cup of hot cocoa (or coffee) , a book and a few enjoyable hours to yourself. 4. Fast Food Bra It's a fantastic asset for any nursing mom. Gives just enough support but does not put pressure on the very sensitive tissues thus preventing the clogged ducts (which can be so painful ...) 5. One of each of the ruched tops and classic tops in EVERY color. I have to write them all because those are THE most flattering and well-cut tops I've ever seen. Yes, nursing-style, but the design is so elegant, it will last for years to come. The tops are long enough to cover the pregnant belly, fit very flattering on the post-partum body and are absolutely great on a recovered body as well. They layer perfectly under anything and have the absolute space in my wardrobe! __________________________________________________________________ Name: Kira Paran @northern_style Northern Style Exposure Age: 32 Background: Former therapist turned full time blogger Family: Husband, son and baby number two on the way. Live: Edmonton, Canada Which is your standard outfit during pregnancy? Dresses, dresses, and more dresses. So easy to throw on and see polished while staying comfortable. Do you have any cravings during pregnancy? Unfortunately with both pregnancies i had hyperemisis or HG. Let's just say food isn't my friend. What do you always take with you in the pram? I love to have two blankets: one light and one warm. Wipes, diapers and an extra outfit. Because you never know what could happen. What is the first thing you treat yourself to if you have a moment to yourself? A fancy coffee or a new lipstick. Which was the biggest change in your life when you became a mother? My breakup with uninterrupted sleep. It was an adjustment. What is the most comical situation that you have found yourself in during pregnancy or as a new mother? My current toddler rarely has tantrums but an epic one was in a very public place. I still remember all the looks of either laughter or "hang in there mama" I received as we slowly made our way to the car. 30 minutes later with what is a 4 minute walk. You can imagine. Your Top 5 favorites in Boob’s fall/winter 16 collection? 1. Rib knitted jumper Perfect fall transition piece. 2. Windblocker Fleece Incorporates everything I love about the Athleisure trend. 3. Knitted dress - Striped Dress up or down with the new chilly weather. 4. Top long sleeve - Dotted Gotta love a polka top. 5. Dress Uma Most comfortable dress ever! __________________________________________________________________ Name: Maria Sabbah @tellkiddo Tellkiddo Age: 31 Background: Founder and Creative Director of Tellkiddo AB Family: Husband, 2 children (Micha 9 months, Sam 2 1/2) and 2 cats Live: Gotland Which was your standard outfit during pregnancy? Dresses every day! You don't feel squashed in a dress and it's easy to dress up or down. During my first pregnancy I spent a lot of time in offices and in meetings, so Boob's dresses with a jacket on top worked perfectly. My second pregnancy was in the winter and dressing was a bit more difficult, but loose suit trousers with a wide panel across the belly worked well. Maternity jeans have never been anything for me. Did you have any cravings during pregnancy? Tropicana apple juice. Several litres per week. What do you always take with you in the pram? Besides necessities such as nappies, dummies, etc., I always bring cars for Sam and a spare jumper for myself, since you easily get sticky and messy… What is the first thing you treat yourself to if you have a moment to yourself? Funny you should ask; just now I have 40 minutes to myself, since the baby is asleep and his brother is at preschool. In front of me is a large cup of freshly brewed coffee and two slices of sesame crispbread with avocado (lunch time). I love to work, so it's a bit of a “treat” to spend time in front of the computer, clear away some e-mails, and communicate with the whole world from this motherhood bubble. Which was the biggest change in your life when you became a mother? Life took on a completely new meaning, the insight that you manage damn near everything, as long as you stay positive. What is the most comical situation that you have found yourself in during pregnancy or as a new mother? It must be now, when Sam is out of nappies but can't always hold it until we find a toilet. All these parkering areas, roadsides, back streets where he has peed. Not very glamorous, and a sense of humour is required. Like when he came to preschool and told the others that he had pooed in the parking area and mummy had forgotten to pick it up... Funny, you stand there cringing and then slink away with a little bag, hoping that nobody notices. Your Top 5 favorites in Boob’s fall/winter 16 collection? 1. Dress Wrap I would wear this dress in the office, easy to dress up or down. 2. Rib knitted jumper Perfect for chilly autumn days with a pair of cool jeans. 3. Once-on-never-off loose pants - Leo Couch potato time! Pants that let the belly free, perfect during all of pregnancy. Super soft and comfortable. 4. Once-on-never-off skirt You can never have too many black skirts. This one is perfect after the birth too, before you can get into your ’old’ wardrobe. 5. Fast Food Bra - Free The best nursing bra on the market, so soft and comfortable! __________________________________________________________________ Name: Johanna Andersson @yogajohanna JIRA/Johanna Andersson Age: 33 Background: Self employed within fitness, yoga and education. Family: Partner Andreas, Leonie 3 1/2 and Jacquline 4 months. Live: Göteborg Which was your standard outfit during pregnancy? Tights!!!! I don't know how I would have managed if I couldn't have walked around in tights at work, haha. Either low cut, wide panel, or those that you wear over the bump. It was easy to dress the tights up or down with a yoga singlet or party shirt and jewellery. Did you have any cravings during pregnancy? Tomatoes and they had to be room temperature, haha. I cut them and sprinkled them with sea salt and sometimes olive oil. Normally, I have a sweet tooth but during both pregnancies I've had enormous cravings for vegetables, preferably raw. What do you always take with you in the pram? Neither my partner nor I are good at giving our children comforters, dummies or cosy toys. I guess we've missed the first months and then the children never became interested in them. The most important thing that we always use is a little curtain that we hang across the pram. It gives shade but still lets in air. And it's easier for our little girl to fall asleep if she doesn't see us :) What is the first thing you treat yourself to if you have a moment to yourself? To stretch, a little like a cat :) I have yoga mats rolled out here and there at home, to make it easier to get going. I tell myself that I'm just going to do the dog pose for a few minutes and then I might end up doing a whole session if the baby is asleep or content. Which was the biggest change in your life when you became a mother? The realiseation that More is More. I thought it was so lovely to change focus from myself, my business and my own personal development onto someone else. That someone other than I was at the centre. When I was expecting our second child, I couldn't imagine that I would love someone else as much as Leonie. When it was time to push and the midwife said that I would soon have a baby on my chest, I wasn't really interested in another baby, because I had Leonie. And when Jacquline came to us, love grew. It turned out that there was even more love to give and receive. This is why I can honestly feel that MORE is MORE, we just have to think about several levels in life. We don't have to compete, there's room for everyone! What is the most comical situation that you have found yourself in during pregnancy or as a new mother? This happened during both pregnancies: My fiancé and I were sitting in the sofa, I was around seven months pregnant. We talked about the future and I started to really cry and said: "We have NOTHING to look forward to!!!" Just at that time, I was so tired of not being able to train as I wanted, drink wine, eat good cheeses or go ty New York for the weekend. I felt confined and trapped and thought it was unfair that he could carry on eating, exercising and travelling as much as he wanted. Fortunately, he held me tight (both times) and said: "DARLING, it's okay!!!" It was so lovely that he was there for me and listened through my mood swings :) Your Top 5 favorites in Boob’s fall/winter 16 collection? 1. Fast Food Sports bra Before this sports bra, I nursed and trained in my ordniary sports bras, which ended with me nursing with breasts squeezed under hard elastic; neither practical nor comfortable! This bra gives amazing support, I can wear it all day, so that when my little girl sleeps I can train without having to change! 2. Fast Food T-Shirt bra What would you do without this? It's just as obvious as a pair of briefs. Attractive, comfortable and still wears well after hundreds of washes. 3. Knitted sweater - Merino wool My greatest fear is mastitis, and it's not so easy when you are in, out, and in again with a 3 1/2-year-old running about. This'll keep me both warm and ventilated :) 4. Wrap dress After tights, dress is my favourite garment. I've had to restrain myself so many times lately when I've tried on a dress in the shops and have forced myself to realise - NO, I will not be able to use it for over a year. Nursing in a dress is not normally a hit (if you don't want to show off your briefs). Thank you BOOB for this version of Diane Von Furstenberg's classic. 5. Fast Food singlet - Merino wool Perfect basic, as it is or under a sweater. Also works perfectly to sleep in! This way you can reduce your packing when you go off on a weekend. I love multi-use garments. __________________________________________________________________ Name: Isabel Robles Salgado @littleyears Littleyears Age: 34 Background: Journalist and blogger from Berlin Family: My husband Roddy is a filmmaker. My son Xaver is three years old. The newest addition to our faimily is a baby girl called Quinn, she is three months old. Live: I grew up in Munich, spent quite some time in Buenos aires and Brussels and moved to Berlin in 2009 where I fell in love and started a family. And I think we'll stay! Which is your standard outfit during pregnancy? During both pregnancies I wore a lot of dresses rather than jeans, I just found them more comfy! Do you have any cravings during pregnancy? Not really, apart from chocolate - but I always eat lots of chocolate, pregnant or not! What do you always take with you in the pram? Diapers, a dummy - and that's it. I've never had a big diaper bag. What is the first thing you treat yourself to if you have a moment to yourself? Reading the newspaper! Which was the biggest change in your life when you became a mother? Hardly any time to read the newspaper? And less time generally. And less sleep. And less time for myself. But more love! What is the most comical situation that you have found yourself in during pregnancy or as a new mother? When the postman said: oh I can tell you're having a girl, they always make you grow so broad. And I was like: (looking at his belly): so you're carrying a girl, too? Your Top 5 favorites in Boob’s fall/winter 16 collection? 1. Dress Uma A wonderful dress, simple and special at the same time. I would wear it in the exact combination as the model with neon-socks and loafers. 2. Simone top Stripes just always work! And the ones from Boob captivate with the amazing quality and the nursing-function of course is amazing! 3. Rib knitted jumper A darkblue sweater is a classic. Great quality. 4. Dress 50/50 Is this a beautiful dress or what? I’m sure I’m going to wear it after I’m finished nursing. 5. Knitted jumper - Striped And again, stripes are always a good idea! And the dark blue is fantastic! __________________________________________________________________ Name: Doreen Schumacher @doee House of Dodo Age: 30 Background: Model & interiorstylistin Family: My boyfriend from southern Germany and I live together in Berlin. Our son Dillon was born in July this year. Live: I am originally from Leipzig and moved to Berlin right after I finished my architecture studies in Leipzig and Shanghai. Working as a freelance interiortylist satisfies me as much as booking a big campaign in advertisemnt. I love that kind of balance in my life. Creating something and performing. Life quality is defined by good food and good company and last but not least by just doing what makes me happy. Which was your standard outfit during pregnancy? Kimono on top of almost everything, over jeans and top or over a simple dress. Always pretty and flattering! Did you have any cravings during pregnancy? I loved simple things like fishfingers and mashed potatoes, or just pasta with ketchup. What do you always take with you in the pram? A bottle of water and some lipbalm, I´m always thirsty and I like smooth lips. And of course my phone is never missing. What is the first thing you treat yourself to if you have a moment to yourself? A massage or a pedicure/manicure. Which was the biggest change in your life when you became a mother? To feel that kind of love I never felt before. And I don't rush anymore or be stressed about anything. Life slowed down and I love it. What is the most comical situation that you have found yourself in during pregnancy or as a new mother? While I was pregnant I regulary forgot where I parked the car. Once it went so far that I called the police. And now since I am a mother I can’t remember who I told what... So this creates pretty funny moments on a regular basis. Your Top 5 favorites in Boob’s fall/winter 16 collection? 1. Rib knitted jumper Dark blue is my favorite color and easy to combine. And the warm knit is perfect for the colder days. 2. Fast Food Bra - Free It is incredibly comfortable and on top of that a beautiful nursing bra! 3. Knitted dress - Striped Perfect, nursing-friendly Fall-dress and easy to style and mix with other items. 4. Knitted jumper - Leo Cool and unusual sweater. Makes every outfit into something special. 5. Classic tank top Ideal basic you are always in need of. No matter if underneath a kimono or just with jeans on warm days. __________________________________________________________________ Name: Sonja Hagedorn @babyccinoberlin babyccinoberlin Age: 34 Background: Graphic designer and blogger Family: Husband and son, 2nd baby on the way Live: Living on the green side of life - always looking for a greener way to live more sustainable… Which is your standard outfit during pregnancy? My pregnancy was/is during a really hot summer - so nearly daily I wore the dress Simone and the blue dress, and of course my two fast-food-bras! Do you have any cravings during pregnancy? Icecream. And "malzbier" ;) What is the first thing you treat yourself to if you have a moment to yourself? Special oil for the baby-bump "Weleda schwangerschaftsöl" and body-lotion… Which was the biggest change in your life when you became a mother? To be overwhelmed by so much love for someone you just met. Right from the beginning and more and more everyday! What is the most comical situation that you have found yourself in during pregnancy or as a new mother? Trying to get some nail polish on my toes. It was just not possible after week 34! Your Top 5 favorites in Boob’s fall/winter 16 collection? 1. Dress 50/50 The dress looks special and I’m definitely going to wear it after my pregnancy and when nursing is over. Perfect for Christmas and New Year’s! 2. B.Warmer hoodie Great combination of different materials and perfect for the colder time of year. 3. Top Wrap It looks comfortable and yet fashionable – perfect even for after nursing since you can’t see the overlap with the nursing opening. 4. Dress Uma A beautiful casual dress! Feels comfy and fits perfect, for now during my pregnancy and later while nursing in autumn, winter and spring! Easy to combine with tights and leggings! 5. Top Leo I just love the Leo-print! As comfy and cozy as everything is from Boob. Easy to wear which helps to feel good, even with a huge baby-bump or (later) dark circles under my eyes ;) __________________________________________________________________If the Reporter is winning national awards, I don't think that says much for the nation; I personally find it boring. More recently, I have found it to be a truely substandard publication not worth the ink used to print. They have a web site (finially). You can see for yourself what I mean.
Here's an except from an editorial I pulled out of their 12 May, 1995 issue (I think this sums things up nicely):
TIME magazine. Who would want to?Image by Flikr user <a href="">nattu</a>.
If you’ve worked on a political campaign, you can imagine what our office looks like about now. We’ve set up temporary HQ in a few rooms in lower Manhattan, and the pizza boxes are stacked toward the ceiling. Everyone—me especially—is starting to look a little frazzled, and
the stereo is increasingly punked out. Loud is good past a certain point of fatigue.
But this campaign is a little different, not quite as desperate. We don’t have to wait till the last minute for the results to come in. We’ve got our little scorecard on the front page of the 350.org website, and lately it’s been telling nothing but good news. Every hour or so the number of actions spikes upward—we went past 4,800 about an hour ago. And the 172nd country just came on board (that would be the Seychelles Islands). Already, by a huge margin, this will be the most widespread political action in the planet’s history. (The closest competitor we’ve found: 120 nations participating in the Stand Up Against Poverty campaign).
Photos from flickr site Featured Global 350 Actions.
I’m bragging of course—some of this is just pure organizer ego. Mostly, though, I’m excited for two reasons. One, we’ve proved that science isn’t too complicated for people to understand. If you’d asked, 18 months ago, Can you get the world to rally around an arcane point of scientific data, I think most of the betting would have been: No. We went with it because we needed a target to hold our leaders to, and because we needed something that would cross linguistic boundaries. Arabic numerals were good for both.
Two, we’ve proved that this is not some affectation of elite white westerners. A lot of our best organizers and most amazing volunteers are from the global south. There will be at least 50 rallies across China, and 150 across India; almost every country in Africa is participating (and we just got an amazing op-ed in from Desmond Tutu, which ran in USA Today). On one level, this should be no surprise—these are the places and people who will be hurt first and worst by climate change. But too many westerners imagine that poverty means you can’t take time to think about your kid’s future. A few days ago, jumping the gun, some fishermen in Mumbai took their small craft out in the harbor and made a giant 350—as the story in the Times of India made clear, they understand all too well that they’re on the firing line.
We have one other great advantage as organizers: Since we’re working across the whole globe, we know already that it’s going to be snowing some places and baking hot in others, that it will pour rain in some spots (including, apparently, Times Square, where we’ll be on Saturday to show images from around the world on the JumboTrons). It doesn’t matter. We’ll have made our point across the planet. We’ll have taken science and made it news—taken reality and pushed it into politics.
Thanks to all.
Photos from flickr site Featured Global 350 Actions.
Johnson leads Wave to softball win
Published 1:00 am, Thursday, April 13, 2006
Johnson, who had the game's only extra-base hit with a triple, drove in the game-tying run and then scored on
Erika Bates
' RBI single in the fifth. Pitcher
Kel Deegan
scattered three hits for the complete-game victory in her varsity debut.
New Milford (3-1) 201 020 0 - 5 7 1
Weston 030 010 0 - 4 3 2
BATTERIES: New Milford: Kel Deegan and Hannah Spooner . Weston: Ava Diapice and Liz Ogiba . WP: Deegan (1-0). LP: Diapice. SO: Deegan 2, Diapice 6. BB: Deegan 5.
3B: Meg Johnson (NM). RBI: New Milford: Johnson, Jess Richardson , Erika Bates 2. Weston: Laura Glassman , Sarah Rocio 2, Ogiba. Danbury 16, Central 0
DANBURY - Danbury pitcher Courtney Mead scattered three hits over five innings, and the Hatters exploded for 11 runs in the third inning to pull away. Allison Russo , Jackie Rivera and Amanda Chavez each went 3-for-4 and combined for eight RBIs. Bridgeport Central (0-3) 000 00 - 0 3 2
Danbury (2-2) 03(11) 2x - 16 18 1
BATTERIES: Bridgeport Central: Mo Rochester and Grace. Danbury: Courtney Mead and Allison Russo. WP: Mead (2-2). LP: Rochester (0-3). SO: Rochester 2; Mead 9. BB: Rochester 5; Mead 4.
2B: Amanda Chavez (D), Russo (D), Larissa Farmer (D). RBI: Danbury: Russo 3, Jackie Rivera 3, Meghan McGuinness 2, Chavez 2, Dyanna Smeragulio 2, Farmer 2, Jessica Meola 2. Ridgefield 7, Darien 1
DARIEN - Ashley Higgins pitched a complete-game two-hitter to lead undefeated Ridgefield. The Tigers gave Higgins plenty of run support, scoring seven runs on 12 hits. Melanie Andrea , Ashley Kovach , Ashley Langlois and Maddy Spozito each belted out two hits apiece. Ridgefield also was aggressive on the bases, as Spozito stole two bases and Andrea scored three runs. Langlois also scored a pair of runs to go with her triple. Ridgefield (3-0) 301 102 0 - 7 12 2
Darien (1-3) 000 100 0 - 1 2 4
BATTERIES: Ridgefield: Ashley Higgins (2-0) and Tara Formisano. Darien: Michelle Bolduck and Christie Stephenson . WP: Higgins (2-0). LP: Bolduck. SO: Higgins 5; Bolduck 5. BB: Bolduck 1.
2B: Melanie Andrea (R), Angela LoSchiavo (R), 3B: Lauren Andrea (R), Ashley Langlois. RBI: Kim Amrod (R), Ashley Kovach (R), Maddy Spozito (R), Formisano (R) 2. Conepta (D). Kaynor Tech 7, Abbott Tech 5
DANBURY - The Wolverines outhit their opponents 11-6, with four players having two hits apiece. Still, Kaynor Tech managed to win, thanks in part to a double and a triple by Mary Soler . Abbott Tech's Arleny Paulino, one of the players who had two hits, had the team's only extra base hit, a triple. Kaynor Tech (2-0) 101 320 0 - 7 6 1
Abbott Tech (0-2) 002 210 0 - 5 11 2
BATTERIES: Kaynor Tech: Anjelica Rivera and Olivia Roy . Abbott Tech: Azura Erhardt and Morqtika Andrews. WP: Rivera (2-0). LP: Erhardt (0-2). SO: Rivera 3, Erhardt 9. BB: Rivera 5, Erhardt 4.
2B: Mary Soler (KT). 3B: Soler (KT), Arleny Paulino (AT). Brookfield 17, New Fairfield 2
NEW FAIRFIELD - The Bobcats got at least one RBI from seven different players, had 17 hits and capitalized on seven errors by the Rebels. For Brookfield, Ashley Castellano (2-1) pitched a complete game, striking out four batters while scattering six hits over five innings. Brookfield (2-1) 016 55 - 17 17 2
New Fairfield (1-3) 000 02 - 2 6 7
BATTERIES: Brookfield: Ashley Castellano and Caitlin Smith . New Fairfield: Tina Crea , Anna Gallacher (5) and Meg Brady . WP: Castellano (2-1). LP: Crea (1-1) SO: Castellano 4. BB: Castellano 2, Crea 3, Gallacher 1.
2B: Melissa Berardi (B), Christine Perville (B), Chelsea Buto (NF), Gallacher (NF). RBI: Brookfield: Castellano, Melissa Caladarci, Taylor Shockley , Katie Hirschauer , Berardi 2, Nikki Grant 2, Perville 2; New Fairfield: Brady, Jenn Koenig . Oakwood 22, Wooster 7
DANBURY - Maggie Rodney drove in two runs and Caiti Sommers, Gretta Reed, Beth Svenningsen and Jane Timm each drove in one for Wooster. Shortstop Holly Wickham and right fielder Jillian Bosshardi both played well defensively. Oakwood (1-2) 950 35 - 22 15 6
Wooster (0-2) 402 01 - 7 7 10
BATTERIES: Oakwood: Rosilla Badami and Kayra Garcia . Wooster: Lauren Dibble and Caiti Sommers. WP: Badami (1-0). LP: Dibble (0-2). SO: Badami 3. BB: Badami 1; Dibble 8.
2B: Ariel Price (O); Sommers (W). RBI: Oakwood: Nathalie Li 5, Price 4, Caroline Breuetti 3, Nina Pogensky, Chryselle Simmars, Garcia, Joo Yun Han. Wooster: Maggie Rodney 2, Sommers, Gretta Reed, Beth Svenningsen, Jane Timm. Baseball
Danbury 11, Central 4
BRIDGEPORT - The Hatters erupted for seven runs in the ninth inning to break open a tie game. Danbury loaded the bases without getting a hit to start the ninth, then James Taylor lined a one-out single to put the Hatters up 5-4. C.J. Arconti followed with a two-run single, and the Hatters were ahead for good. Danbury (3-2, 2-1) 002 002 007 - 11 4 1
Bpt. Central (1-2, 0-2) 000 110 200 - 4 9 7
BATTERIES: Danbury: Mark Grant, Billy Najam (7), Craig Tarsi (9) and James Taylor. Bridgeport Central: Chris Contreras , Eliezer Cordero (9), Rafael Colon (9) and Ramirez. WP: Najam (1-1). LP: Contreras. SO: Grant 2, Najam 1; Contreras 3. BB: Grant 1, Najam 1; Contreras 5, Cordero 1.
2B: Colon (BC), Louis Creddo (BC). RBI: Danbury: Taylor 2, C.J. Arconti 2, Eric O'Connor , Mike Carriero . Bridgeport Central: Colon, Michael Colombo , Cordero. Pomperaug 17, Wilcox Tech 0
MERIDEN - The Panthers dominated on the road, led by Bryan Marcinek (3-for-3, two triples, two RBIs, two runs scored), John Sharkey (2-for-3, one triple, three RBIs, two runs) and Alex Santipietro (3-for-4, one triple, two RBIs, two runs).
Mike Olender pitched the first three innings for the win, striking out five batters. Along with Kyle Goldstein and Santipietro, he limited Wilcox Tech to five hits in seven innings. Pomperaug (4-0) 107 701 1 - 17 19 1
Wilcox Tech 000 000 0 - 0 5 3
BATTERIES: Pomperaug: Mike Olender, Kyle Goldstein (4), Alex Santipietro (7) and Brian Lemay , Mike Franke (6). Wilcox Tech: Eddie Nieves, Nathan Luce (3) and Matt Mazzone . WP: Olender (1-0). LP: Nieves. SO: Olender 5, Goldstein 2, Santipietro 3, Nieves 2, Luce 2. BB: Santipietro 1, Nieves 1, Luce 3.
2B: Chris Comeau (P), Steve Halas (P), Hector Santos (WT). 3B: Santipietro (P), Bryan Marcinek (P) 2, Lemay (P), John Sharkey (P). RBI: Pomperaug: Bryan Wrabel 1, Chris Bonetti 1, Santipietro 2, Marcinek 2, Sharkey 3, Olender 2, Goldstein 1, Comeau 1, Halas 1. Abbott Tech 14, Kaynor Tech 0
WATERBURY - Junior Jim Pacific pitched six strong innings in his season debut to lead Abbott Tech to its first win against Kaynor Tech since 2002. Pacific struck out seven and walked just one batter. Abbott Tech, which didn't record its first win until 13 games into the schedule last season, scored in each of the first three innings to put the game out of reach. The Nos. 1 through 5 hitters combined for 16 of the Wolverines' 20 hits. Catcher Edwin Alvarez went 5-for-5 and was one of five players with multiple hits for Abbott Tech. Abbott Tech (1-2, 1-1) 254 003 0 - 14 20 1
Kaynor Tech (0-3, 0-2) 000 000 0 - 0 5 3
BATTERIES: Abbott Tech: Jim Pacific, David Haitch (7) and Edwin Alvarez, Alex Gibb (6). Kaynor Tech: Eric Sonntag , Orlando Rivera (4) and Jordan Perugini . WP: Pacific (1-0). LP: Sonntag (0-1). SO: Pacific 7, Haitch; Sonntag, Rivera 4. BB: Pacific, Haitch 2; Sonntag, Rivera 2.
2B: Jeff Neville (AT), Barry Hart (AT), Bryce Bernhard (AT) 2, Pacific (AT); Kyle Kerski (KT). 3B: Neville, Hart. RBI: Neville 3, Hart 3, Alvarez 3, Bernhard 2, Ed Simao (AT) 1. Shepaug 3, Terryville 2
WASHINGTON, Conn. - Catcher Mike Hill hit a two-run double to drive in the winning run. With runners on first and second, Hill doubled down the right-field line for one of the few offensive highlights in a pitching-dominated game. Chris Ayer gave up just four hits for a complete-game victory. He struck out six and walked two. Terryville (0-3) 000 101 0 - 2 4 4
Shepaug (2-1) 010 002 x - 3 4 3
BATTERIES: Terryville: Pat Norton and Mike Schenkel . Shepaug: Chris Ayer and Mike Hill. WP: Ayer (1-0). LP: Norton (0-2). SO: Norton 2, Ayer 6. BB: Ayer 2.
2B: Hill. RBI: Hill 2, Eddie Collins (S). Wilbraham Monson 11,
Canterbury 1
WILBRAHAM, Mass. - Jonny LoVetere and Nick Nappi each had two singles and Max Amster had one single for Canterbury. Saints shortstop Matt Miller made a nice defensive play, as did Amster at third base. Canterbury 000 010 0 - 1 5 4
Wilbraham 301 214 x - 11 11 0
BATTERIES: Canterbury: Greg Passeneau, Kelly Ruscoe (3) and Jonny LoVetere. Wilbraham: Petrides, Eddy (6) and Hewett. WP: Petrides. LP: Passeneau. SO: Passeneau 2, Ruscoe 3; Petrides 5, Eddy 1. BB: Passeneau 3, Ruscoe 4; Petrides 4. Boys lacrosse
Marvelwood 10, Wooster 9
KENT - Sophomore attacker Eric Ginz scored with less than a minute left in the second overtime to lead Marvelwood. After Marvelwood scored the go-ahead goal with 1:46 remaining in regulation, Wooster's Andrew Ross tied the score at 9 with a goal 25 seconds later. Ross finished with a game-high seven goals for Wooster, which had a strong outing from defender Tad Brisson. Wooster (2-1) 3 2 2 2 0 0 - 9
Marvelwood (2-2) 2 2 4 1 0 1 - 10
GOALS: Wooster: Andrew Ross 7 , Collin McLoughlin 2. Marvelwood: Note Buffan 2, Eric Ginz 5 , Dave Johnson 3. ASSISTS: Wooster: McLoughlin 4, Evan Skorpen 2, Michael Weiss 2. Marvelwood: Ginz 3.
SAVES: Wooster: John Francisco 16, Marvelwood: Geoff Lueker 9. Girls lacrosse
New Fairfield 14,
Notre Dame 0
FAIRFIELD - Sam Scarneo and Bridget Fenerty scored their first varsity goals to help extend New Fairfield's winning streak to 14 games. Scarneo, playing in place of the injured Kate Keenan (ankle), had two goals and two assists, while Fenerty had her first goal of the season. Senior Lori Noreika, who will play at Holy Cross next season, deflected five passes to anchor a strong defense for the Rebels. New Fairfield (4-0) 7 7 - 14
Notre Dame (0-3) 0 0 - 0
GOALS: Alyse Valentini 2, Sam Scarneo 2, Ashley Stockmann 2, Steph Burra 1, Brie Mallon 4, Christie Barbera 1, Kim Simonitch 1, Bridget Fenerty 1. ASSISTS: Valentini 3, Scareno 2, Burra 1, Mallon 1, Barbera 1, Shelia Kissane 1.
SAVES: Kelly Talyor (NF) 5, Scheu (ND) 15. Wooster 16, Forman 3
DANBURY - Mallory McLoughlin and Conchita Giraud each scored three goals and Jackie Goulding had two goals and two assists to lead Wooster. Melissa Lester and Alyssa Schechter combined on the win in goal. Forman (0-1) 1 2 - 3
Wooster (1-0) 12 4 - 16
GOALS: Forman: Audrey Stout 3. Wooster: Mallory McLoughlin 3, Conchita Giraud 3 , Cindy Nguyen 2, Jackie Goulding 2 , Mallory Kahn-Johnston , Molly Barrett , Casey Orr, Alyssa Schechter, Jackie Capello, Melissa Lester. ASSISTS: Wooster: Goulding 2, Kahn-Johnston, Barrett, McLoughlin, Katie Young.
SAVES: Rachel Cunningham (F) 8; Melissa Lester (W) 6, Alyssa Schechter (W) 2. Gunnery 10, Cheshire Acad. 2
CHESHIRE - Emily Bell had two goals and an assist and Heather Bell, Kara Grogan and Kirsten Spelman each added two goals to lead Gunnery. Kirsten Cleary and Moira Ferguson each aded a goal and goalie Sarah Macary sealed the win with six saves.
View CommentsMayor Lea on monuments, downtown needs, Amtrak and more
Roanoke Mayor Sherman Lea joined WFIR this morning for a wide-ranging conversation that included what to do with the Lee Monument across from the municipal building, what businesses would improve downtown Roanoke even more as a place to live (he wants to see a chain grocery and drugstore), and the importance to Roanoke of Amtrak’s return next month. Here is the full conversation:TMI Tuesday 7/17/2012
DARING: What are your 50 shades?
Today's TMI Tuesday is brought to you by the darling Serafina, - Servant of Michael, goddess incarnate, and First Lady of the House of Samadhi . . .
1. I enjoy the idea that my partner wants to inflict pain on me that:
Serafina's answer - no doubt about it B. No doubt what feels good can change as well. And it depends on a variety of things within the moment. If I am in a dark mood, pain is absolutely not wanted, instead I need comforting and understanding.
a. makes me curious
b. is titillating and sexually arousing
c. that leaves me screaming and/or crying because that’s the way I like it
2. Do you like being forced to dress or act in a way that is humiliating? If yes, please describe. If no, why not?
However, having said thus I realize that when it is a challenge that I find intriguing, I would embrace the event. And I am aware that what I call a challenge might very well be labeled as humiliation for others. I would also have to be in the right space to participate or Master would find me digging in; which on occasion I do that.
3. Do you like seeing bruises, scars, or marks that were caused during sex on either you or your partner? What kind of marks?Serafina's answer - oh very short answer. No.
4. Would you like to be forced to do sexual things that you don’t necessarily like to do? Yes or No.limits
5. Do you want to be forced to watch your lover with someone else? Yes, No or It depends.Serafina's answer - While I would have no problem watching while Master flogs another or similar - watching Master making love to and fucking another would pretty much end it for me. I was formerly introduced to Master by his now ex-wife, her first statement to me was "he is much more of a sexual man than (she) could handle". She actually enjoyed watching Master take me and it got her off. I was not reluctant in that setting.
I can guarantee. . .Master is not too much for me. . I want him always
6. What dirty (sometimes inappropriate) things do you like to say to your sexual partner?Serafina's answer - I honor and respect Master I would not consider anything inappropriate. Being quite shy I even find it difficult to talk dirty. . .I am open to tips and ideas if anyone is willing to offer them.
Bonus: Finish this statement: I like being powerful in bed because __________ .Serafina's answer - I am submissive. My submission is my. I don't like scars and marks either
5. Interesting how you met your Master.
6. I used to be shy about talking dirty but with confidence, age, and sexual confidence I've learned to not restrain myself and enjoy the moment. My motto: Say what you feel, get what you need.
Thanks for playing TMI Tuesday.
-H
P.S. Sorry your post got stuck in spam at TMI Tuesday blog, it only appeared today/yesterday.Main menu
Marty Baron '76
The Baron of D.C.
From The Brown and White to The Washington Post, a Lehigh alum reflects on his 37-year- career in newspapers—and takes on his newest role in our nation’s capital
by Amanda MacMillan ’04
In 1972, The Washington Post embarked on a story that would shape the history of American journalism. Reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein dug deep to expose President Nixon’s role in the Watergate scandal, prompting his eventual resignation and changing the political landscape, and the newspaper industry, forever.
Meanwhile, in the basement of Lehigh’s University Center, freshman Marty Baron was hard at work on the student newspaper. Baron would become editor-in-chief of The Brown and White his junior year and graduate in 1976 with both a bachelor’s degree in journalism and a master’s in business administration. (He’d received special permission to take graduate classes as an undergrad.) And almost four decades later, he would assume the top editorial role at The Washington Post, excited to carry on the paper’s tradition of investigative journalism and tackle the new challenges of an ever-changing industry.
Life after Lehigh
After graduating with his B.A. and MBA, Baron returned to his home state of Florida to work as a reporter for The Miami Herald. He further honed his career with reporting and editing positions at the Los Angeles Times and The New York Times, before returning to The Miami Herald as executive editor (the newspaper’s top editorial position) in 2000.
During Baron’s short time back in Miami, the newspaper was awarded a Pulitzer Prize for breaking news related to the custody battle over young Cuban refugee Elián González. In July 2001, he headed north: The Boston Globe was calling.
Six more Pulitzers—for The Boston Globe this time—followed under Baron’s leadership over the next 11-1/2 years. Shortly after he assumed his role as editor, The Boston Globe began investigating whether the Catholic church had engaged in a pattern of reassigning priests to parishes with full knowledge that they had sexually abused children; the resulting series that ran over the next two years earned The Boston Globe’s investigative team a Pulitzer in public service for its “courageous, comprehensive coverage” on the topic.
This remains Baron’s proudest accomplishment during his time there, not only because of the justice it brought victims of abuse and the sweeping changes it helped to implement throughout the church, but also because of the broad impact it’s had on the media.
“Over the course of 2002, we probably did almost 1,000 stories on the topic,” Baron says. .”
At the same time, the series prompted media outlets worldwide to conduct their own investigations. “The repercussions have continued to change the way that news organizations cover sexual abuse in the church, as well as in other situations,” Baron adds. “I’m fairly sure it influenced the way the situation at Penn State was covered and how officials responded to alleged sexual abuse on the part of the coach,” Baron says, referring to the 2011 accusation and subsequent conviction of assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky and the role that school administrators, and the late Head Coach Joe Paterno, played in the cover-up.
Mr. Baron goes to Washington
When the opportunity arose to take on a new role in the nation’s capital, Baron couldn’t pass it up. “The Washington Post had a singular role in American politics, policy and journalism,” he says. “It’s a storied institution, at the national level and in world affairs, but it’s also in a very important community.”
Baron hopes to build on The Washington Post’s rich history of investigative and national reporting, while also bringing his experience in local news to the paper’s forefront. “That includes everything from public safety and schools to arts and sports and local environment,” he says. “If all you had was coverage of politics and world affairs, it would be like having a tree without a root structure. Coverage of the Washington area is where we build the strongest connection with the people who live here.”
Another area The Washington Post plans to expand upon is online video coverage, with a new political video channel—comprised of more than 30 hours of original video each month—launching on the paper’s website before this summer. Baron says plans were already in motion when he came on board in January but that it’s something he’s behind 100 percent.
“We hope to take advantage of the Post’s strengths: We’re here in Washington, and we have a large, experienced staff that writes about national politics. But we also hope this is just the beginning of something even bigger and just an example of how much we’ve changed and continue to change.”
The Washington Post has faced significant challenges in recent years, including a decline in print advertising and a series of buyouts and layoffs that have reduced its newsroom size by more than 200 people in the past four years. But Baron says these losses have been consistent with the newspaper industry—as well as almost every facet of the economy—as a whole. He doesn’t buy into the idea that the paper needs to be rescued or revitalized, either.
“The Washington Post has an extraordinary staff; they do incredible work day in and day out, year in and year out, and the role they play is still central in this country and this community,” he says. As for economic concerns, his response is simple: “I always try to get the best possible budget I can for the newsroom; it is the product, after all. But financial pressure has been a fact of life for quite some time, and whatever budget I get is the one we’ll have to work with.”
Looking toward the future
Through it all, Baron remains committed to the content and stays involved with decisions on the stories that are covered, the journalists who are hired and the way coverage is organized, both in print and online.
Baron remains a committed part of Lehigh’s network as well. He stayed in touch with journalism professors Joseph McFadden and Robert Sullivan until their deaths in the 1990s. He’s visited the campus several times, touring the journalism department in Coppee Hall and the Rauch Business Center, both new additions since his years as a student.
After a whirlwind career transition and a hectic move from Boston to D.C. over the holidays, Baron didn’t expect much time off during his first months on the job. He looks forward to the rare Sunday when he might escape outdoors for a few hours, exploring his new city and surrounding trails by bike.
He’s optimistic about the future of The Washington Post and of the entire industry. Newspapers have had to transition, he says, from publishing once or twice daily to breaking news 24 hours a day, via print, online, video and social media. But that’s also allowed for new growth, new initiatives and new jobs for young journalism grads, as he once was.
“I see a lot of people getting out of law school who can’t get jobs, but the ones with journalism majors still can,” he says. “The people who have learned the tools and who are open to working in a variety of different media will find opportunities, and they will succeed.” currently very busy and don't have time to fully update the German
translation for the next release (until tomorrow).
Simon, Marco: Can you help?
currently I am updating the Greek translation. As help for a better
understanding of some strings I use to compare with the German
translation. During this process I ve found the following bug:
#: rc.cpp:217 rc.cpp:2135
5218 #, fuzzy
5219 msgid "Zoom Rate"
5220 msgstr "Heraus zoomen"
(svn 4006)
Regards
Kostas
Tried to add some translations. Sorry, not enough time for everything.
Markus wrote:
> I'm currently very busy and don't have time to fully update the German
> translation for the next release (until tomorrow).
> Simon, Marco: Can you!
>
> _______________________________________________
> Kdenlive-devel mailing list
> Kdenlive-devel@...
>
>, 22, was shot and killed inside of a north St. Louis restaurant, police say, making him homicide victim No. 61 in the city this year. That number, however, may rise as multiple victims from the weekend's gun violence are clinging to life.
The homicide happened on the 4700 block of Goodfellow Boulevard at around 6 p.m. when officers respond to a call for a shooting inside of a Chinese restaurant called Goodfellow Chop Suey.
Franklin was found on the floor and had suffered several gunshot wounds to his legs, arms and upper torso, officials say. The unknown suspects -- whom police have identified as two black males, ages sixteen to twenty, in white T-shirts and jeans -- fled the scene in a black Cadillac Escalade. They were last seen traveling north on Goodfellow Boulveard, police say.
Franklin lived on the 3900 block of Kossuth Avenue in the Penrose neighborhood of St. Louis.
Meanwhile, cops also responded to two shooting incidents early Saturday morning and three others later that evening into Sunday morning.
At around 2:30 a.m. Saturday on the 2100 block of Alice Avenue in the College Hill neighborhood, a 46-year-old male victim was found suffering several gunshot wounds to his head and back. He was listed in critical, unstable condition with "death imminent," police say. He has not yet been identified.
At around the same time, police responded to a shooting on the 5900 block of Delmar Boulevard, just north of Forest Park. The unknown suspects in this case had shot at three male victims, ages 22, 22 and 24, and one female victim, age 24, cops say. Two of them were hit in the leg and taken to the hospital in stable condition.
On Saturday evening at around 8:30 p.m., police responded to a shooting on the 1400 block of North 14th Street, just north of downtown, where they found a 26-year-old male victim who had suffered from a gunshot wound to his hip, hands and foot. He was in serious condition but is expected to survive police say. The suspect is a black male who wore a black shirt, black pants and sunglasses.
A separate shooting at the same time took place on the 700 block of Baden Avenue in north St. Louis. There, a twenty-year-old male victim said he was crossing the street when suspects began firing at him, police say. He was hit in the leg. The suspects are two unknown black males, ages 18 to 23, one with dreads and one with low-cut hair, according to the incident report.
Finally, in the sixth shooting incident, police responded to the 4800 block of Anderson Avenue in north St. Louis, where they found a 37-year-old man inside a residence suffering from a gunshot wound to his chest. He is listed in unstable condition and police have no information about possible suspects.
Here are the full incident reports from SLMPD in the order that they happened.
Incident: Assault 1st (Shooting)
Date/Time: 8/3/13 @ 2:17
Location: 5900 block of Delmar
Victim #1: 24-year old black male
Victim #2: 22-year old black male
Victim #3: 24-year old black female
Victim #4: 22-year old black male
Officers responded to a call for a shooting that occurred at the above location and were notified that the victims had already been conveyed to a hospital. The officers responded to the hospital and the above victims stated they were involved in an argument with unknown suspects. The suspects fired shots at them and then fled the scene in a maroon Toyota Camry, last seen traveling westbound on Delmar. Victim #1 sustained a gunshot wound to his right leg and Victim #2 sustained gunshot wounds to the left leg and both were listed in serious/stable condition. The other victims were uninjured. The investigation is ongoing.
Incident: Assault 1st (Shooting) Location: 2100 block of Alice Date/Time: 8/3/13 @ 2:30 Victim: 46-year-old black male Suspect(s): Unknown Officers responded to a call for a "shooting" at the above location to find the victim suffering from severe gunshot wounds to his head and back. Witnesses reported that they heard gunshots and went outside to find the victim had been struck. He was conveyed to a local hospital and listed in critical/unstable condition, with death imminent. The investigation is ongoing.
Incident: Homicide Location: 4700 block of Goodfellow Date/Time: 8/03/13 @ 17:50 - 17:55 Victim: Cedrick Franklin, 22-year old black male of the 3900 block of Kossuth Suspect(s): Two unknown black males; 16-20-years old; white t-shirts; jeans Officers responded to a call for a shooting at the above location inside of a restaurant. The victim was located on the floor and had suffered several gunshot wounds to his legs, arms and upper torso. After the shooting, the unknown suspects were observed running from the restaurant, and entering into a black Cadillac Escalade and last observed traveling north on Goodfellow. The investigation is ongoing.
Incident: Assault 1st (Shooting) Date/ Time 08/03/13 @ 20:30 Location: 1400 block of N. 14th Victim: 26-year old black male Suspect: Black male wearing black shirt, black pants, and black sunglasses nothing further. The victim stated the above suspect approached him while he was sitting in front of his residence and began shooting at him. The victim sustained a gunshot wound to his hip, hands and foot before fleeing inside of the residence. He was conveyed to a local hospital and listed in serious/stable condition. The investigation is ongoing.
Incident: Assault 1st (Shooting) Location: 700 block of Baden Date/Time: 8/3/13 @ 20:30 Victim(s):20-year old black male Suspect(s): 2 unknown black males, white t shirts, blue jeans, 18-23, one with dreads and one with low cut hair The victim stated he was walking across the street he observed the above suspects across the street. They began to fire at him and the victim was sustained one gunshot wound to the leg. The victim was conveyed to a local hospital and listed in critical/stable condition. The investigation is ongoing.
Incident: Assault 1st (Shooting) Location: 4800 block of Anderson Date/Time: 8/4/13 @ 00:17 -00:19 Victim: 37-year old black male Suspect: Unknown The victim was located inside of a residence at the above address suffered from a gunshot wound to his chest. The victim was conveyed to a local hospital and listed in critical/unstable condition. No suspect information is known at this time. The investigation is ongoing.
For more of Daily RFT's coverage of the latest metro St. Louis homicides, visit our "Big Bloody" archive.
Send feedback and tips to the author. Follow Sam Levin on Twitter at @SamTLevin.
Subscribe now to get the latest news delivered right to your inbox.Sally McKenzie's
Weekly
Management e-Motivator
Issue
#56
Click
here to print this
e-motivator Article.
Sally
McKenzie,CMC
President
McKenzie Management
SallyMcK@mckenziemgmt.com
1-877-777-6151
Ext. 11
“Top
Obstacles to Achieving the Ideal Practice.”
Obstacle #7– Schedule or Lunar Landscape?
This week… one of the barriers
likely to be interfering in your ability to reach your goals.
Next week I’ll discuss proven solutions.
Some days, the
craters in the schedule are so large the whole thing looks
like the face of the moon – a desperate
wasteland of nothingness. One patient after another either
decides not to show or cancels. As the day painfully drags
on, your stress level and practice expenses are in a tight
race to see which one can reach the stratosphere first.
If it’s
any consolation, you are not alone. Every
practice has patients who don’t show or routinely cancel
their appointments – from those that serve
primarily patients with lower dental IQs to those that treat
the busy
executives. That’s small comfort, however, when you
consider the annual cost of cancellations and no-shows, this
would easily pay for a couple staff members or any number
of office
perks and benefits. It’s in the neighborhood
of $40,000 and that doesn’t
even begin to measure the cost of follow-up treatment that
is lost.
Remember, like
you and your staff,.
No, you won’t
completely eliminate broken appointments and no shows,
but you can take steps to significantly reduce
those crater-size holes in the schedule. Next week,
see my number one recommendation for getting patients in
the chair when
they are supposed to be and other strategies to
minimize the schedule gaps.
Is
your hygienist producing at
least 33% of his/her
total production in periodontal services?
Check
out our "how to" manual
Are the majority of your patients on 6
month recalls?.
Bottlenecks? Automated Patient Check
In Protocol
Purpose: Proper processing at patient check-in will
provide exceptional customer service, smooth transition
to the treatment rooms, and much faster check-out.
What to do:
If your
front desk is “bottlenecking”,
don’t get upset. Take a look at which patients
created the bottleneck and why it happened. From my
experience, the delays are caused because the front
desk didn’t have the correct information in the
computer system to process the patient efficiently.
I do realize
there are patients who forget they changed jobs or
that their spouse changed insurance plans.
Those instances are certainly in the minority. Ninety
five percent of your patients should be able to check
out of your dental practice in two to three minutes.
If you’re counting, that’s 160 patients
in an 8 hour work day!
Some readers
of this newsletter are Administrative Assistants
in general dental practices. Many of those
practices see 25 to 30 patients per day. I want you
to visit a busy orthodontic practice some time. Orthodontists
have perfected the art of processing patients in and
out; they have to. Some of them actually see 160 patients
per day!
Remember … a
better check in = a better check out!
Interested
in having Mark speak to your dental society or study
club? Click here
Dear Sally,.
Best Wishes,
Scot Mardis, DDS
Terre Haute, Indiana
How
satisfied are you with your practice?
Take a closer look.
Take
your Hygiene Department to the Next Level
This "how to" manual will help you to establish a protocol for
your hygienist to implement new strategies, formulas, and
techniques for developing an ultra-successful hygiene department.
Special
Price for this week's newsletter readers…… $37!!
Order before March 211-877-900-5775
737 Pearl St. Ste. 201
La Jolla, CA 92037
This issue is sponsored
in part by:
DentalTown
McKenzie
Management
CareCredit
The
Center for Dental Career Development
Lares
ResearchPumpkin & Spiced Eggnog French Toast
Prep time
10 hours
Cook time
45 mins
Total time
10 hours 45 mins
The one French Toast to serve on Autumn mornings; for holiday breakfast or anytime just because its that good.
Chef:
Tara Conklin
Recipe type:
Breakfast
Cuisine:
International
Serves:
6-10
Ingredients
French Toast
Topping
8 tablespoons Unsalted cold butter, cut into small pieces
½ cup Almond flour (all purpose is fine too)
½ cup Light brown sugar
¼ cup Pecans, chopped
½ teaspoon nutmeg & cinnamon
Sweet Drizzle
½ cup Powdered sugar
½ cup heavy cream
¼ teaspoon Cornstarch
Instructions
French Toast (night.
Topping
Combine flour, sugar and spices in a small bowl.
Cut in butter until mixed well and crumbly.
Stir in pecans and set in fridge until needed.
Baking (next day).
Sweet Drizzle.
Notes
If you do not have Spiced eggnog in your store, simply add two tablespoons of pumpkin pie spice to regular eggnog first and let sit for a couple of hours to infuse it with flavor. Plain eggnog may also be used.
Recipe by
The Butter Dish
at
3.2.1311Tiffany Apczynski, TechHire champion for San Francisco
White House Summit on "Building the Tech Workforce of Tomorrow"
The Office of Economic & Workforce Development's TechSF program nominated Tiffany Apczynski at Zendesk for being a TechHire champion for the White House Summit on “Building the Tech Workforce of Tomorrow.”
Tiffany has been instrumental in building up the TechSF program and enhancing the impact that the initiative has on populations underrepresented in the technology industry. As Vice President of Public Policy and Social Impact at Zendesk, a medium-sized software firm located in the heart of San Francisco’s new industry cluster of tech companies including the likes of Twitter, Spotify and Uber, Tiffany has championed and piloted several TechSF workforce efforts including:
- Providing equipment and curriculum for underprivileged high school students to learn to code during the Summer
- Creating a customized training program for TechSF program participants attending City College of San Francisco to enhance their marketable skills with a stackable Zendesk Customer Service Platform training credential
- Being the first technology company in San Francisco to host a Registered Apprentice through the TechSF Learning Accelerator.
Tiffany also sits on the local Workforce Development Board and its Technology Workforce Committee, sponsoring and hosting multiple events to bring more underrepresented jobseekers and more committed employers into the TechSF program, and has worked with multiple community-based organizations to mentor and hire jobseekers from the public workforce system into tech careers at Zendesk.
Tiffany is committed to be a vocal champion and doer in helping underrepresented populations access the growing technology industry and harnessing the innovative spirit of her colleagues to develop new accelerated learning programs and other opportunities to realize more diversity in the technology workforce in San Francisco and beyond. She is furthermore committed to help financially bridge the digital divide experienced by nonprofits and by communities in the Upper-Midwest United States. And Tiffany is committed to working with San Francisco’s public workforce system programs to hire people of color, youth, veterans, immigrants, LGBT and others, and setting the bar for how corporations can contribute to their local communities and develop the future workforce for the technology sector, for all, through the TechSF program.
About the White House Summit on Building the Tech Workforce of Tomorrow
This event will bring together over 100 talented technologists, innovators and community leaders to celebrate the success of TechHire to date, share best practices from some of our TechHire cities, and discuss the industry Tech Inclusion Pledge and recently published grid of best practices to achieve results. The group will also plan for the future of TechHire including the 2017 TechHire + TechUp roadshow.Corral Women's Cross and Wing Sequin Inlay Square Toe Western Boots
Details/corral-womens-cross-and-wing-sequin-inlay-square-toe-western-boots/045U62.html
- Corral Women's Cross and Wing Sequin Inlay Square Toe Western Boots
- Item # 045U62
$269.99 Online Price
Additional Information
Product Features & Description
- Full-grain distressed leather
- Sequin wing and cross inlays
- Fashionable 13" shaft
- Square toe
- Leather lining
- Cushion insole
- Leather outsole with rubber insertsWelcome to Westchester Center for Natural Health!. Dr. Egginton specialties include Women's health, Pediatrics, and Oncology.
No available times for this calendar/range.(10/29/07)
Oh, Rankin-Bass. Don’t ever change. We love you.
You know, given the title, this one was pretty inevitable wasn’t it? It’s a strange, strange movie. I’m pretty sure this is one of Rankin-Bass’ earlier efforts and if that’s true, it shows. The pacing is way, way off.
The good news is that there aren’t too many songs and the special effects are pretty good. And more than any other Rankin-Bass movie, except for “The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus” , it’s got good old fashioned nightmare fuel for the kids.
The Best Parts:
2 minutes in – No!!! Jeremy!!!
13 minutes in – Audrey 2?
17 minutes in – If you’re working on a ship that is bound for someplace called The Isle of Evil and this is the crowd who shows up, worry.
19 minutes in – Now there’s an animation challenge!
26 minutes in – Like I said, the pacing in this movie is way, way off.
34 minutes in – Salad of Spooky Doom!
40 minutes in – Oh, this is groovy.
47 minutes in – Probably the unsexiest catfight ever committed to film.
48 minutes in – “Chilly down with the Fireys!”
50 minutes in – Fishguy used Watergun! It’s not very effective.
54 minutes in – And we’ve got ourselves yet another “Lost” theory.
57 minutes in – Nice touch.
1 hour, 2 minutes in – Nightmare Fuel! I choose you!
1 hour, 5 minutes in – That’s an interesting set of pictures, Doctor.
1 hour, 10 minutes in – Very nice touch.
1 hour, 11 minutes in – Release the crappily animated alligators!!!
1 hour, 13 minutes in – … … … Wow.
1 hour, 19 minutes in – Isn’t this the most sensitive portrayal of an asthmatic person ever?
1 hour, 27 minutes in – How can you fail if you haven’t even tried anything?
1 hour, 29
1 hour, 30 minutes in – That is a pretty awesome boat. For the record, the boat at the end of “One Crazy Summer” still wins.
1 hour, 34 minutes in – Tomato Surprise!
Classic Lines of Dialogue:
“Oh, don’t thank me! Thank my pills!” – Felix
Things I Learned from this Movie/Book/Whatever:
* – Victor Frankenstein doesn’t care about birds. 😦
* – Insect repellent can serve the same purpose as garlic in a pinch.
* – Tribbles (or Puffskeins if you prefer) aren’t so cute when they’ve got long legs.
Things That Can Save Any Movie:
Cool Creatures? Yes, and there’s some pretty spiffy animation effects bringing them to life here.
Good Soundtrack? It’s a Rankin-Bass movie, isn’t it? No.
Hot Guys? No.
Pretty Scenery? Reimagine “Rudolph” in a spooky castle and you’ve got the idea.
Nifty Animation/Special Effects/Illustrations? Yes. It even reminded me of George Pal in some parts.
Drinking Game Potential? Drink when somebody should get in trouble for thinking too loud but doesn’t.
Head Movie Potential? Yes.
Rating:
Danny. It’s worth a look for Rankin-Bass fans but way too slow for anyone else.
Credits
A Rankin-Bass Film released by MGM in 1967. Written and directed by Arthur Rankin and Jules Bass.
Cast
Boris Karloff and Phyllis Diller. It’s that kind of movie.
Related Links
IMDB Page
Retrojunk review
:
."
I looked at the first photo and thought, “Well, that looks about right. Vacation is more than just one week, after all.”
LOL – like Gayle, I thought the first picture was the yarn you were taking on vacation.
(Deadhead your petunias, woman!)
I suffer the dreaded Socks! Color! syndrome. But I love my yellow socks (sadly, only two pair so far). I pretend I’m a character from some T.H. Lawrence novel, expressing my inner wild child through acceptably concealed socks. Which works until I start wearing skirts.
So…how long are you going to be on vacation?
I dearly love Mountain Color Bearfoot. It holds up fine to machine washing, but it definitely “blooms” (I would almost call it felting). Not in a bad way at all–the fabric gets really thick and soft and it feels like wearing fleece on your feet. I would NOT put them in the dryer, though. I hang mine from a skirt hanger (the kind with clips) from a rod over the washer and they dry overnight. Definitely my favorite winter sock yarn.
Looks like you’ve got a good plan in the works. I love Opal and Trekking. Those are the socks that have held up the best over the years.
Mmmm, lovely sock yarn stash.
You have quite an impressive array there. (Says she who recently had to move her sock yarn to a larger box, only to find it escaping therefrom.)
I think my next pair of socks will be Bearfoot.
Now wouldn’t that be a great name for a sock color: Deadhead Your Petunias Woman! 🙂 Sorry couldn’t resist.
Opal and Regia are both right up there for me in sock yarns. Trekking too although I haven’t used it all that much. Socks that can’t be machine washed don’t get worn (or washed) all that often in this house.
I saw that Mtn colors and thought, gee, don’t I have one like that? Nope! Not anymore! I have some socks from that yarn and they did bloom, and shrink a LITTLE… they wore through before they shrunk too much, but I only machine washed them, didn’t dry. Have fun making all those socks on your vacation!
I’ll add that my Bearfoot experience was similar to those mentioned, blooms and slightly felts with machine washing, but not too much to make them unwearable. They end up more like a sport weight sock.
What size needle for Bearfoot? I was thinking size 2…
Wait…how did it get to be time for your vacation again??? Time has flown by this year like I’ve never seen! I think you made wise choices in sock yarn. And Trekking is a fave of mine, too!
I made a pair of socks for Pato in Mountain Colors and they wash up fine, although I never put them in the dryer and, frankly, he doesn’t get out much so I wouldn’t say they’ve experienced any kind of abuse or misuse…
Another thing I did with a hank of (green) Mountain Colors was a LightAsAir scarf
although I’ll warn you that it’s not unlike the Montego Bay Scarf as far as the pattern…(although maybe having done this one first is what made MBS not so tricky for me).
Whatever socks you make I think you should name them, “Deadhead Your Petunias!”Photo: Courtesy Republic Records
By Scott T. Sterling
Ariana Grande is here to wish you happy holidays, and she’s got a couple of famous friends in tow.
Related: Ariana Grande Confirms She’s Working on a New Album
Grande jumped on Instagram to share her Christmas spirit, posing with a Mickey Mouse (wearing a holiday hat) in front of a portrait of American president Barack Obama.
“Happy holidays from my family to urs,” Grande captioned the photo, in which she’s sporting sparkly mouse ears and blowing a kiss to the camera.
See the cute post below.Here it is! My messy first draft of my current WIP, Take a Chance on Me, a women’s fiction novel set across Australia and England.
This is, without doubt, the messiest first draft I have ever created. But that’s what the first draft is for: getting it on the page. All 72,000 words of it can now sit and marinate for a month before I get stuck into it and clean it up.
This draft took a lot longer than I usually take to write a draft: three years! Mostly, it took that long because I kept stopping to work on another book project, get it finished, then get back to this one. This is my first women’s fiction novel and the most commercial book I’ve written yet.
And by far the most fun 🙂
Basically, I’ve written the book that I wanted to read. And that fills me with much joy 🙂Yup, now you can sync your Blackberry with iTunes…I downloaded the app myself yesterday from a non-official source and was able to dump about 800mb unto my Blackberry Curve without any problems..
(via blackberry news)
Related Posts
del.icio.us Tags: blackberry
AdvertisementsWho doesn’t love smoked salmon? When you speak of smoked salmon, most people think of cold smoked salmon (like Lox). Cold smoked salmon is the process of separating the salmon fillets from the heat source. The coals and wood chips are heated in one enclosed unit to create the smoke. The smoke is then pipped to a second sealed enclosure where the salmon (or other fish) is placed (appropriately cured/prepped prior). The salmon never comes in contact with the heat, just the smoke. This is a time consuming process, but for those who love it – well worth it! A favorite of my family and my son can eat it like candy.
Unlike cold smoked salmon – Hot smoked salmon can be made easily at home and in much less time. This appetizer is for a smoked salmon that can be made within an hour vs days. Hot smoked salmon (or anything) involves placing the salmon on a grate in the same container as the coals/smoke, but not in direct contact with the heat source. I will explain how to turn your oven pan into a home smoker if you don’t already have one towards the bottom of this post.
This recipe can also be used as a first course, plated appetizer or main dish. It is very good and as told in many articles, salmon has many great health benefits: vitamin A, Omega-3 fatty acids that promote proper brain function and cardiovascular health. As an appetizer, one whole filet of salmon can serve a lot of appetizers. Left overs can be tossed with pasta for a quick pasta dinner or lunch or heck, even just a snack.
Smoking the Salmon
There are a couple of versions you can use to flavor the salmon while you smoke it, but I like the simple because the smoke gives so much flavor. I assume you have a stovetop smoker. If not, I will explain below how to simulate one. They are not expensive to purchase and great to have on had for many items. I use Emeril’s cast iron stove top smoker which can also be used for multiple applications and large enough to make pulled pork.. hmmm – that will be another post one of these days..
Back to Salmon.
INGREDIENTS
1 whole salmon filet, cleaned (bones removed) with skin on
1 lemon thinly sliced
Thyme sprigs (or dried thyme) OR Dill Sprigs
2 – 3 TBS Extra-Virgin Olive Oil
Salt and pepper
1.5 TBS Adler chips (can be found in places that sell stovetop smokers (like Bed Bath and Beyond) and/or hardware stores that sell grills). If you can’t find them, you can use an alternative smoking chip. Just make sure they are about the size of jimmies for stovetop/oven smoking.
- Rub the olive oil on the salmon and season with salt and pepper (both sides)
- Prepare the smoker with the Adler chips, and spray/rub the rack with oil to prevent sticking
- Put the cover on and bring the smoker to 200 degrees (either on stove top or in oven preheated to 200)
- Place the salmon, skin side down, on the rack in the smoker, top with lemon slices and herb sprigs then cover.
- Keep the heat consistent and check the status of the salmon after 25 minutes (no need to turn or baste)
- It should take anywhere between 25 – 45 minutes to smoke the salmon depending on thickness and temperature and your level of doneness. Just don’t over cook it. When in doubt – pull out. ; )
- Remove from smoker, let cool and serve as is or flake for appetizer use. It should keep in the fridge for several days
INGREDIENTS
1 Filet of Hot-smoked salmon, skin removed, and broken into flakes (how to smoke is above)
1 stick of unsalted butter
2 large shallots 2 cups crème fraîche 4 tablespoons prepared horseradish (from a jar), plus more to taste 2 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, plus tiny sprigs for garnish 4 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest
About 1 1/2 tablespoons capers kosher salt freshly ground pepper 1 baguette cut into ¼ in thick rounds
- Sautee the shallots in the butter in a sauce pan over med heat until shallots are just tender, season with pinch of salt
- Combine the crème fraiche, horseradish, dill, lemon zest, salt, pepper and capers in bowl, taste and adjust seasoning, refrigerate until ready to use
- Heat the oven to 375, brush the baguette rounds with the shallot butter, bake about 8 minutes or until the toasts begin to brown. Remove from oven and cool to room temperature
- Assemble: Spread the baguette rounds with the crème fraiche, top with the flaked salmon, top with a dill sprig
Smoking the salmon can be done a couple of days in advance Step 3 above can be done up to one day in advance. Assemble and serve right away or the bread will become soggy. Assemble a few at a time depending on demand.
Don’t have a stove-top smoker or smoker of any kind?
Don’t worry – you can still make this dish.
I think just about every household has a roaster with a rack used for cooking chicken, turkey or beef roasts and tin foil. This is a good substitute for the stove top smoker and practically the same concept.
- Put the wood chips in the center of the bottom of the pan.
- Take the rack used to hold the meat, wrap it in 3 – 5 layers of foil.
- Place the rack above the chips so the tin foil acts as a barrier between the wood and the contents you will eventually place on it. the smoke will seep out around the edges and be contained to impart its flavor into the food.
- Be sure to place the lid on firmly when smoking.
Then proceed as above. Smoking time may vary depending on size, seal of lid, and heat conducting qualities of the pan/pot used.
This process can be used for meats, sausage, fish, veggies, etc.. Flavor of wood chips does play an important part. So just be sure to use complimentary wood chips for the type of item you wish to smoke.
Good Luck and Enjoy!
NicoleDate: Jan 17, 2018
Topic: Using electronic Laboratory Notebooks in the academic life sciences: a group leader's experience on how they can make research teams more efficient.
Speaker: Ulrich Dirnagl, MD, Director, Department of Experimental Neurology, Charite Universitatsmedizin Berlin, Germany, and Founding Director, QUEST, BIH Center for Transforming Biomedical Research, Berlin Institute of Health, Germany
This event is hosted by the SC CTSI and funded through the CTSA, an NIH grant from the National Center for Advancing Translational Science (UL1TR001855). We are required to report diversity information on all event trainees and participants. The data collected will be reported to NIH in aggregate form with no person identified. Thank you for helping us meet our reporting requirement with NIH.Ooredoo Global Services (OGS) and Sparkle have decided to work together toward new telecommunication services under a recently signed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU).
Ooredoo announced the memorandum signing in partnership with Telecom Italia Group.
The partnership will lead the two telecom sector companies to work together to strengthen services in the voice, data, cloud, multimedia and digital spaces.
“Ooredoo Global Services continues to expand its ecosystem of global partners and enhance its international network to better support voice, capacity and roaming traffic,” Khalid Al Mansouri, acting CEO of Ooredoo Global Services, said. “We're very pleased to be working with Sparkle, who bring world-class infrastructure and significant additional protection and diversity to our global network.”
Within the agreement, OGS will be able to capitalize on Sparkle's innovative IP-MPLS backbone and the tactical location of Sicily as a hub for telecommunications services, particularly for Africa, Middle East and the Mediterranean basin. The collaboration also allows OGS to make the most of its worldwide network and market the capital of Qatar, Doha, as the entryway for voice and data movement.
“We are very pleased we have signed this agreement with OGS and to be part of their strategy to introduce new international telecommunications services and to create synergies across the entire Ooredoo Group,” Alessandro Talotta, chairman and CEO of Sparkle, said. “This MoU strengthens our relationship with OGS and supports Sparkle's leading position in the Middle East.”
OGS offers one of the leading Internet peering networks in the Middle East, North Africa and Southeast Asia, in addition to a sole point of contact for worldwide wholesale carriers across the Ooredoo footprint.Can someone tell me how to use a 360 controller on a PS3?
Update:
or at least a different controller other than a sixaxis or dualshock3
Update 2:
it is possible i just dont kno how, u can even go google it but i just dnt kno what to do. thats why i asked another question heres the link: [url is not allowed];_ylt=AlT5O.1nVCB8s66CfbvVmPvsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20090310180959AABJ0hw
Update 3:
i asked that question so mabye i can read the hdd and read the controller chip hexcode and add that code to my ps3 using yellowdog linux
Home Xbox Forum Xbox 360 controller on PS3?
Xbox 360 controller on PS3?
Can someone tell me how to use a 360 controller on a PS3?
Their is an add-on that you can buy for $30(i think). It will allow you to plug the wire into one of the PS3’s usb ports and a WIRED 360 controller into the add-on. Unless you have crazy modding skills, this is the only reasonable way to do it.
Hmm you have to reconnect the hardrive and the curcuit and DUDE YOU CAN’T GEEZ!
You can’t use a X-box controller on the Ps3 because it is to big/small for the PS3.
You can’t even use a X-box controller on the Xbox 360!
um.you cant.
u cant those are the only controllers u can use
You can’t.- Worldwide Rank #39,488,980
- Follower/Following Ratio 1.17
- Daily New Followers 0
まりな Twitter Stats
@0109mahahu - Tracking まりな Twitter profile since September 6, 2013
豊田▷緑総▷関東学院経済経営 ◎ゆずKIRIMIちゃん. Rady♥️ follow me⑅◡̈* 05.21ゆずイロハ
藤沢
まりな's story
まりな, also known as @0109mahahu has a reasonably significant presence on Twitter and is ranked by us in the 30% percentile for account strength. Active on Twitter since August 2013, まりりな's follower-to-following ratio, which is 1.17. That's a healthy ratio.
Tweeting is apparently one of @0109mahahu's favorite pastimes, with an average of 0 tweet(s) per day in the past 30 days. That's pretty consistent with a total of 1,504 since @0109mahahuりな Tweets
@0109mahahu has posted 0 tweets in the last 19 days, which translates to an average of 0 tweets per day.
まりな Twitter Followers
@0109mahahu has 296 followers on Twitter.
This account is #39,488,980 in the worldwide rank of the most popular Twitter users.
まりな Following on Twitter
@0109mahahu is following 253 Twitter accounts.
Last month this account followed 217 users.
まりな Predictions & Milestones
@0109mahahu will hit 296 followers in the next 3 months, and 296 in one year.
You are on まりな's Twitter stats page
We track these Twitter stats since September 6,.If your organization wants to use your own domain name (like a subdomain) for your IdeaLab or another domain you have purchased, Enterprise and Whitelabel can do this by setting a CNAME record and updating the host mapping option in your admin.
You can either ask your IT to create a CNAME record pointing to the URL of your Idealab or you can go into your cPanel and look for something usually called 'Advanced Zone Editor.' There you will put in the information as follows, replacing the name with the URL you want to use. Replace the CNAME with the address to your Collective Innovation IdeaLab.
Once you have completed that step, login to your IdeaLab and go to your administrator panel. Look for the Host Mapping option and enter the new URL (chooseyourname.yourbusinessname.com). Click save.Ravi Mohan's Blog
Saturday, July 22, 2006
Missing Comments Fixed
For some strange reason, some comments did not make it through to my mail account and were piling up in the blogger bin. Some of them were excellent (Mujib , S and some "anonymii" ) and have been approved while a few (all anonymous :-D) along the lines of "I hope you burn in hell, Pagan Devil Worshipper" "U R suXorz" etc have been deleted. The latter are particularly interesting. I can't imagine someone having a life so empty that they first read a blog they don't like and then laboriously compose a "hate comment" and post it with the full knowledge that it will be deleted with a single mouseclick. Oh well, it takes all kinds to make a world, I guess! I get a laugh out of these outbursts of venom, so please keep sending them. Apologies to those whose comments were in limbo. As to the person who wanted the comments to "popup" rather than be listed in the permalink page, sorry about that, but *I* hate popups. Still if enough readers want popups, I'll re consider the decision. That ends the administrivia announcement. Have a nice day.
Posted by Ravi at Saturday, July 22, 2006
4 comments:
Ravi,
I could not stop myself from laughing my gut out when i read that some moron had posted a comment cursing you to burn in hell. Or may be i should be sorry, infact he is right, where else would we pagans/kaffirs go ? I'll see you by the fire, ravi :-).
May i request you to not delete such interesting comments? Your blog seems to a water hole to which all the beasts and birds arrive. Please give the naturalist in me (and others too )a chance to see all these strange " two legged" species that nature has created :-). So please don't delete such comments. It is a humble request.
regards,
Naren
Naren,
The problem with posting irrelevant comments, even when funny ,is two fold.
1)it encourages the writers. Unlike cockroaches, these folks like the light (of publicity). Writing page after page of hate mail which is dismissed by a single mouse click, often without even being read beyond the first line or so, is the best way to deal with these pests.
2. It detracts from the notion of "critcise the idea not the messenger".
For e.g. many people apparently think I am "denigrating" enterprise programming. This is really not true. I focus on the *practice* of enterprise programming, especially in the context of "great hordes of cheap programmers working offshore".
But, let us assume it is true and you disagree with what I ay. The correct response to such a conclusion is to point out the fallacy of my *argument* ( I am glad to be corrected and will publicly acknowledge the validity of a persuasive argument), not send a "U suXors" mail ("one mouse click" fixes that :-) ).
Having said all that, I should probably collect the funnier/most vicious comments and post them on a page somewhere
:-)
Ravi,
Some people never manage to grow up and insist on interfering in other peoples's lives rather than lead their own. Strange but true.
Deleting mails driven by anger or jealousy is the right thing to do. If some religious nut (or "enterprise" fanatic) wants to spend his life being angry at you, that is his problem not yours!
As for "criticising enterprise", from what I see the "enterprise" world could do with a wake up call now and then!
You have a great blog. Keep writing!
Hi Ravi,
I agree that vitriolic or otherwise nasty posts should be deleted so as not to give such people a platform to air their views...but maybe you could collect them all together and post them to Naren for his amusement?
Sometimes these posters viewpoints are so warped they ARE funny
JamesStation 7: Pleasant Valley
Location
10921 SE 172nd
Happy Valley, OR 97086
Contact Information
Emergency: 911
Non-Emergency Dispatch:
503-655-8211
General and Business Inquiries:
Monday – Friday, 8:00am – 4:00pm
503-742-2600
Station Information
Station 7 covers the areas of Pleasant Valley, 172nd/Sunnyside and Lombard neighborhoods.
The station staffs Paramedic Engine 307 with nine career personnel that work three separate 24 hour shifts. Each shift has a company officer (lieutenant or captain), an apparatus operator and a firefighter. Station 7 also is home to the fire district’s Hazardous Material program and houses Hazmat 307. Click here to learn more about the HAZMAT Program.
Station 7 is part of East Battalion.
Apparatus
Engine 307
Hazmat 307April 20, 2017 -- InvestorsHub NewsWire -- Hello, I'm John Sprovieri, CEO of ASCK Auscrete Corporation. It would appear there has been much misinformation posted on the IHUB message board about our company and Id like to address a few things.
First issue is our recent 10-K. Please remember this represents the end of a period nearly 4 months ago. There have been considerable changes since then. We are on the cusp of commencing earthworks for our new factory and we need to consider the following. It appears many of you would like us to just sit here and do nothing so you can talk about notes or dilution. Thats NOT going to happen. What we all need is a healthy company producing revenue and profit.
So here's the bottom line. You can talk all day about notes for $400K that are already being converted OR you can help us (and yourselves) by supporting our stock so we can get this show on the road. Sure, we've had funding issues but we also have solutions. We need to finance our production plant through stock sales and that will mean some dilution, but remember, even if it doubles our float, we would still only have 500 million shares in the float (and 750 million total out). A great number of penny stocks have billions of shares in their float.
But heres the real point. In this years' 4th.Quarter, going forward we will have a revenue producing plant up and running and producing $15 million in revenues per year, from the outset. GET IT? stagnant $400K doing nothing VERSUS $15 million in revenues. The note issue sort of pales into insignificance, doesnt it.
Heres how it works. Market Capital today (.0012) is around $444K. Thats because we have no revenues, not because people dont like us. Once in production, revenue value will consistently add greatly to our asset base (corporate valuation plus fixed assets) so our MarketCap will dramatically improve. We have the tools and the know-how. Lets get the plant going and then we'll have the share value. We told you at the outset, this was a longer term investment, not for a day trader.
1 Year : From Jan 2017 to Jan 2018
Today : Tuesday 16 January 2018For further inquiries, help or suggestions. You may contact us through the following:
Thank you for stopping by. We value community input and support. Please let us know what we can do better. Just know that we are volunteers with limited time, you cannot do it all. Therefore, if you can, please consider volunteering.1970s
I'm watching Jay make one of his amazing constructions at home.
Me and my dependable bottle in the kitchen.
Getting ready in the super carriage at home.
1976
Me with bottle and Jay in Ithaca College shirt at home with birthday gear.
Me, Jay (not good pic), Kirk and Desiree and MY FAVORITE TOY OF ALL!
Me holding Jay's Rabbit by the carriage.
1977
Me and Jay in Deerpark by "the Bell".Probablement le meilleur forum dans sa catégorie
Vous n'êtes pas identifié(e).
Pages : 1
Harvey Byrne from Oxnard was looking for a good role model essay
Darnell Mills found the answer to a search query a good role model essay
Link ----> a good role model essay
Essay Writing Service - ESSAYERUDITE.COM
best admissions essay help
boston university creative writing mfa application
1991 ap english literature essay prompts
a queen elizabeth thesis statement
application essay prompts for college
attention getter for persuasive essay
as english literature essays
black masculinity
ap lit poetry analysis essay
alexander essay rodchenko
argumentative essay english
an essay on why uniforms should be mandatory in schools
a slow walk of trees thesis
argument diagonal essay liar truth universality
abc essay writing
bihar intermediate sample papers
biographing
accounting homework problems
aqa english literature coursework mark scheme
best way to deal with depression
an essay about ideal environment
best title for thesis in computer science
1776 david mccullough essay
an essay of dramatic poesy summary
apa style paper format
audison thesis speakers sale
bad customer service essays
blanche essay
articles about the pros and cons of homework
anne frank essay thesis
bowling for columbine essays
a modest proposal essay assignment
auckland university thesis template
bobo experiment essays
ancient pompeii essay
abortion euthanasia essay
argumentative research paper topics on history
admissions essay body
an important lesson learned essay
an argument essay thesis statement
bengali essay books free download
argumentative essay on obesity and fast food
basic outline template
benefits of writing a term paper
ap european history research paper
academic term paper topics
art analysis paper
are mobile phones dangerous essay
best b2b marketing case studies
best american essays 2013
Hors ligne
Pages : 1I have been working hard the last couple of weeks - thanks mainly to Peta who inspired me with a blog post a while back about the virtues of doing layouts for challenges. She's a really busy girl - runs a scrappy business from home, raises four children as well as working and I figured that if she could find the time and incentive to do this why on earth couldn't I? So I did. I did 13 layouts for 13 challenges - I may not win anything and that really doesn't matter because I didn't do it for that reason - I did it as a challenge in itself and because I've been feeling a bit flat lately - I was thinking I was losing my scrapbooking mojo. Doing the layout challenges was fun, it was inspiring and I'm happy to say I don't feel flat anymore. Thanks Peta for the inspiration.
Nob Hill Apartments, conveniently located in Adrian, MI, offers spacious 1 and 2 bedroom apartments featuring a clubhouse, swimming pool, central air conditioning, remodeled kitchens, oversized closets, fireplaces, and a laundry room in each building. We are conveniently located near entertainment, shopping, schools, and restaurants for your every need, while providing you with the quiet and small town atmosphere of Adrian, MI.
VariableTechnology News
Android 6.0 Marshmallow beta version for Samsung Galaxy S6 ready? Firmware testing may begin soon
Android Marshmallow concept rolled out to Sony Xperia Z3, Z3 Compact
Lenovo K3 Note Music, A6000 Shot, A1000 launched: Specifications and price
Free MacBook replacements for stained Retina screens, even if not in warranty: How to go about it?
Reasons why iPhone users should not jailbreak iOS 9, iOS 9.0.2
Four India-designed 700 MW reactors being built at brisk pace
Google Nexus 5X set to hit stores in India on 21 October
Shocking: Toddler encouraged to smoke cigarette, drink alcohol by two Romanians in viral video
GTA 5 Online: Lowriders DLC drops on PS4, Xbox One platforms; property rebate and more
New Cyanogen OS 12.1 (YOG4PAS2QL) update released to OnePlus One [How to Install]
Fallout 4 won't allow usage of 2 companions simultaneously; limited edition merchandise, Xbox One controller, more
New YU Yutopia teaser is out; company takes a dig at OnePlus
Samsung Galaxy S7 tipped to debut in January 2016; key features, release details [What we know so far]
Hideo Kojima leaves Konami for good, colleagues bid farewell: Reports It’s been a beautiful day here in the northeast of England. Bright and sunny and warming up quite a bit in the afternoon. It made our morning travelling around even more interesting.
My Sarah and I had hair appointments this morning and once that was done we headed up to Stitchin’ Heaven to deliver Claire’s finished quilt. And of course while I was there I purchased a little fabric for borders on a scrappy strippy UFO quilt which I picked out of the pile this morning. I plan to add some applique patches to this quilt break up the strips. I was thinking that some big circles would look interesting. And later I will Freemotion quilt it. It will make a great practice piece for new quilting designs.
While I was in the sewing room I decided to load the next quilt into my longarm quilting system. And look which one I loaded ready for stitching on Monday…….
I auditioned thread colours and decided on airforce blue. Now I just need to decide on which quilting design to stitch out. I have added a couple of new all over designs to my selection.
It’s been a big week for new magazines. I received two new issues this morning. I haven’t had a chance to look at them properly yet but what I’ve seen so far looks good. That’s three magazines in two days packed full of great stuff. I have no excuses; I’m sure to find some great ways of using up more scraps.
Staying on the subject of scraps….. I have decided to Adopt-a-Newbie for April. This means that I have chosen a worthy new-to-quilt making candidate for April. I will send my chosen candidate a small selection of scraps, and then email her once or twice a week thru the month with tips, ideas and useful links which will perhaps help her use up her scraps. This is my way of paying it forward. I’ll let you know how that works out for us in April.
So that’s my news for today. This evening, this very happy longarm quilter will be looking at new magazines and planning new projects that will use up more scraps. Whatever you may be doing this Saturday night, I hope it’s something relaxing. Until you read me again,
Happy stitching. ♥ ♥
I love these quilt designs. So, having not done any “long arm” quilting, I don’t quit understand a few things….are you operating the machine in the pattern “manually” or is it some type of computer driven design? I’ve only done free motion on my little brother machine, and it was quite overwhelming. Love to know more about the process.
I’m sorry for the previous reply. I thought I was answering someone else.
Yes these designs are digitised and I stitch them out on my HandiQuilter Fusion which has a 24″ throat space. I, personally, could not achieve this look on a domestic sewing machine. This quilt in particular measures approx. 70″ X 84″ and I would never attempt to machine quilt anything that size on my domestic machine because I have a longarm quilting system. However you could attempt a similar look on a smaller scale if you had the patience using you Brother. Thanks for popping in.Wings and New4 are matched up against each other in the WCA Season 1 Qualifier Match to be held on the 24th of March 2016 at 11:00 CET.
Wings
- Wings vs Cyberzen match results:
- Losing 16-6 and 16-1 definitely shows a lack of motivation to play. Granted the opposing team were much higher skilled and experienced than Wings, however 16-1 just does not cut it. (Especially on a map that they picked – Cobblestone)
New4
- New4’s latest match results:
- Not much is known about HG, however its obvious that the New4 scored a commanding victory over HG
- The team showed a desire to win evidenced by their very dominant scorelines
The Prediction : 75%-25% New4
The Bet : Low to Medium on New4All Android applications categories
Description?
Cut your commute time - By riding together, you can access the carpool lane
Avoid crowds & transfers - Grab a seat & enjoy zero stops between pickup & drop-off
Get the fastest routes - Waze offers live traffic updates, so you get to work on time
Ready to try Waze Carpool? Your first ride is free!
NOTE: Waze Carpool is currently available in California, Texas and Israel. Keep it installed and we’ll notify you as soon as it becomes available in your area!
from 4.265 reviews
Download Waze Carpool - Get a Ride Home & to Work
Free - 1.29.2 - 26M
Share this app
Screenshots
Users comments for Waze Carpool - Get a Ride Home & to Work
by Alicia Walker
Jan 13, 2018 | "OK"
I was told thru the app my first ride would be free and when i put in details it said it would cost 9.99. That's just misleading! Also when i tried to confirm I never could actually confirm. Uninstalling the app now.
by Chintan Shah
Jan 12, 2018 | "Awesome"
Awesome app very helpful.
by Courtney Pankey
Jan 12, 2018 | "Poor"
Literally couldn't press the confirm button to get a ride. I just downloaded the app too.
by Vidur Chanana
Jan 12, 2018 | "OK"
The app just won't open up!
by Dominique Harris
Jan 10, 2018 | "Awesome"
I save sooooo much money using this app. It's perfect for my work to home commute. ♥️♥️♥️
by Chris Hall
Jan 10, 2018 | "OK"
Carpool costs the same as a SOLO Uber ride with whatever pickup time I choose... No money saved by carpooling....?Please respond (scroll down)
The Den(ver) of the Secret Nine is pleased to invite Sherlockians, Janeites, Wodehouseans or in fact Anglophiles of any stripe to a cricket game at 2 p.m. Aug. 23 at Cornerstone Park in Littleton.
The Littleton Cricket Club will be hosting the Colorado Springs C.C. Come early (about 1 p.m.) if you’d like to meet some players and get a quick primer on the game so you’ll know your googlies from your leg before wicket. The game is free but there is no seating, so bring a lawn chair or towel to put on the grass. There are public restrooms nearby and we’ll set up a marquee where refreshments will be served (we’re still trying to arrange this aspect of it, so if you’re good at making cucumber sandwiches, we’d appreciate your help).
In case you’re wondering what the connection is with Sherlock Holmes, P.G. Wodehouse and Jane Austen, you should know that the Sherlock Holmes Society of London regularly plays the P.G. Wodehouse Society of the United Kingdom, and both Wodehouse and Holmes creator, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, were avid cricketers. Catherine Morland, the heroine of Jane Austen’s Northanger Abbey, also played cricket (she also played baseball, but that’s for some future summer).
Above: Catherine Morland, the heroine of Jane Austen’s Northanger Abbey, playing cricket … or baseball … or baseball with a cricket bat
Our game should take about three and half hours with tea break (this is Twenty20 cricket). Fill out the form below to RSVP, so we’ll know how many sandwiches to make (you won’t be on a mailing list and your interest in cricket will remain a deep, dark secret). There should be plenty of parking. The cricket pitch is on the east side of the park and the marker on the map above is right next to the pitch. This is a city park, so no alcoholic beverages.
Dan Ruperal with the Colorado Cricket League will present the primer before the game, but he is also playing with Littleton C.C. If you can’t come early, here’s a YouTube video that explains the basics of the game.Francis M. Matchett m. Olivia Fowler in Searcy Co. AR 1883
Francis M. Matchett b. June 1861 Ohio married Olivia Fowler (b. 1862-1868 TX) Sep. 9, 1883 Searcy Co., AR.They had children:
John Matchett b. June 1885
Joseph W. Matchett b. 1889
Dallas Clarence Matchett 1899
They were in Searcy Co. in Bear Creek & Spring Twp. 1900 and 1920 but not in 1930?Where did they go?Any help would be appreciated.
CharleneThis topic contains 26 replies, has 13 voices, and was last updated by Forum Member 13 years, 3 months?
kevin.owen@bskyb.com
Same applies to all Sky presenters, just substitute their names.
Good to see Kevin on Sunrise with Anjali this morning.
Well, it was good to Anjali anyway. Not too bothered about Kevin I have to say. !="">Robin Hanson teaches economics at GMU. The author considers him to be something like a far more accomplished doppelgänger, for:
- We both are men of similar age.
- We live and work only a few miles apart.
- We work on related subjects.
- We blog on similar, or least usually compatible, ideas.
- We both received our undergraduate degrees from the same institution, 3000 miles away, in the same abstruse subject.
- Hanson, on more than one occasion, has approvingly cited persons, laboring in various vineyards, as friends, acquaintances and influences, which the author too considers to be in the same categories.In no case was this related to the author’s and Hanson’s geographical or educational proximity.
Yet the author has never met Hanson. In fact, so purely verbal has his engagement with Hanson been that should he run across him on the street, as plausibly could happen any day of the week, he most likely would not recognize Hanson.
Doubtless, stranger and more interesting coincidences occur to readers every day.Wee Victoria Grant thinks she's got it figured out
The little twerp might be right look at the chart. But wait, hum, their is something she is not looking at.
But what Victory does not understand without debt to finance growth, her dad would still be driving a Volkswagen, She would not have an I phone, we would be just be inventing windows 95.
What the chart does not show is the rate of advancement in technology driven by debt, before fake money came to be, advances where very slow, and only a tiny handful of tyrants had all the loot. who did not really like to finance it out.
I'm wondering does she own any bank stocks, cause if the banks are the thieves raking it in. not hard to get a piece of the action. You click a wee button that says BUY, the bounce is you can buy it with money created out of thin air from your dad's HELOC
Now if another country say USA brought in the fiat Money out of thin air, and your country did not.
That other country will leave you in the dust technologically, and economically speaking. US did it first everyone had to follow.
Now the Billions the Banks are pulling in go to share holders, pay out preferred, Employees get a chunk who then buy and consume things in the economy so your daddy can have a job to afford to drive you around to do these speeches. If he crashes his car and goes to the hospital and gets an MRI to save his life , you should thank your lucky starts that Debt financed the technology.
Now the system is good so long as the politicians are honest, and a bit smart.
But they are neither, the pricks abuse it for profit.
They over pay for things like F35, or Wind Farms for future kickbacks, and board seats. Unfortunately the tax payers get the bill for these abuses.
Nice Job Victoria, but to be elevated to smoking man status, you need to look at the bigger pic and not what your dad said.
Just saying..............................
QUANTUM BINARY SIGNALS
Get professional trading signals delivered to your cell phone daily.
Start following our trades today and profit up to 270% daily.Battlelore Horns of Gondor Lyrics
sponsored links[Instumental]: Tiina Ralli
Lyrics © Sony/ATV Music Publishing LLCGo Fast and Furious with Pro Italia Motorcycles
Glendale, CA – When it comes to motorcycles, nothing beats the power and speed of Italian motorcycles. This is the message and image Pro Italia wants to convey to their clients. As one of the leading dealers of elegant and luxurious Italian motorcycles in California, they continue to impress clients and turn non-believers into fans with their passion for their service and business.
Pro Italia Motorcycles was established by four motorcycle-loving friends and has been in the motorcycle industry since 1987. Borne out of their frustration to find Ducati parts in the area, their hobby became a business. Since then, they are not just selling luxury motorcycles but also the finest motorcycle apparel and outstanding service. Their clients are witness to their impeccable service and enthusiasm. Jimmy, one of their clients, has only high praises for the company and highly recommends them when he said, “Pro Italia has continued to earn my respect and my business. My most recent motorcycle purchase was quite a departure from the deceptive pricing and manipulation of many dealers these days. The price (complete pricing & fees) was fair. The customer service was fantastic. The parts department has been great help in sourcing the items I want to customize my bike. Do yourself a favor and visit this shop if you are in the market for a bike, service or accessories.”
Pro Italia Motorcycles’ selection of motorcycles includes some of the fastest and most elegant luxury motorcycles, such as Ducati, Triumph, MV Agusta, Aprilia, and Moto Guzzi. Their inventory list includes some of the top selling models like the 1299 Panigale and Scrambler Classic by Ducati and the 2016 Aprilia Dorsoduro. These motorcycles are available either as brand new models or pre-owned ones. They also accept trade-ins and have a trade-in calculator to help clients get an idea of how much their units cost.
Pro Italia Motorcycles () understands that the service parts and accessories of this luxury motorcycles are hard to come by. Thus, they also provide a wide range of parts and accessories for these motorcycles. What’s great about these parts is that they come with a warranty and the company offers service department installation specials for their parts customer. Aside from this, they also offer financing for these luxury machines. They have different financing options, thanks to their connections with banks who specialize in motorcycles.
For those who are interested in how to avail of these motorcycles and the financing options available, their contact number is (818) 249-5707 and their email is [email protected] Clients can also make their inquiries on the company website:. Pro Italia is located at Pro Italia Motorcycles 3319 N Verdugo Rd Glendale, CA 91208.
Media Contact
Company Name: Pro Italia Motorcycles
Phone: (818) 249-5707
Address:3319 N Verdugo Rd
City: Glendale
State: California
Country: United States
Website:God bless the master of this house,
And the mistress too,
Likewise the little children
That round the table go.
We wish you a merry Christmas
And a happy New Year,
A pocket full of money
And a cellar full of beer.
An apple and a pear,
A plum and a cherry;
And a sup of good ale
To make a man merry.
We've got a little purse
Made of leather skin
We want a little of your money
To line it well within.
Horatio Tucker supplied the words to this rhyme. Mrs Majorie Bowden remembered the tradition but could not recollect the song. Calennig is a Welsh word meaning a New Year's gift; the tradition existed widely in Welsh-speaking areas and in English-speaking areas too. An orange (in Oystermouth and many other places; further east in Glamorgan an apple was often used) would be mounted on a stick and decorated with holly, cloves and ribbons before being paraded around the houses on New Year's Morning. Before oranges were in plentiful supply, a potato could play the part. The children received small gifts in return for their songs.Rosseti PJSC, ABB LLC and ABB Power and Automated Systems LLC signed an agreement on their intention to cooperate on the localized production and integration of communications systems, as well as automated systems for the control and monitoring of electrical equipment at substations. The document was endorsed within the scope of the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum (SPIEF).
Signatures were placed on the document by the General Director of Rosseti PJSC – Oleg Budargin, the President of ABB LLC – Anatoly Popov, and the President of ABB Power and Automated Systems LLC – Maxim Filshin.
The agreement will make it possible to attain the required level of import substitution, and in the long-run – to improve the reliability and efficiency of the power-grid complex as a whole. Rosseti and ABB also agreed to conduct joint equipment testing. ABB technical specialists will carry out the maintenance and servicing of communications systems and automated control systems for substation electrical equipment, and provide consultations for Rosseti employees on the operation of the new devices.
The parties agreed to come up with a roadmap for the installation and certification of equipment.Cookie Policy - To find out more about cookies on this website, see our privacy policy
We Help Companies Find New Sales Opportunities
Staples
Staples is to relocate its stationery retail customer care and business sales office to a 20,000 sq ft site at Euro Innovation Centre in Aston.
08-Oct-2015
Staples has confirmed plans to create 175 jobs at a new 500,000 sq ft warehouse due to open in Corby next year.
24-Nov-2014
Staples is to set up a 528,000 sq ft stationery distribution centre in Corby.
11-Aug-2014
Staples is planning to set up an 18,000 sq ft office at the Kingsmead Business Park in High Wycombe later this year.
02-Jun-2014
Staples is considering plans to set up a chain of stationery stores on high streets throughout the country, depending on the success of a new trial branch on Manchester's Deansgate.
18-Mar-2008
Staples is planning to acquire Office World's 59 UK-based office supplies stores for £33m.
05-Apr-2004
Staples is planning to expand its chain of office supplies stores from 93 to 250 over the next few years, and new buying and merchandising units are to be established in the UK.
02-Jun-2003
Staples is planning to open eight office supplies stores this year, taking the total to 83, while a further 15 will be opened in other European countries.
23-Apr-2001
Staples is to open an office supplies superstore in Grimsby next month with the creation of 30 jobs.
25-Sep-1999This is what it’s all about for Softsynth. We have written about that fine line, that sweet spot of music that is exactly what we love most about the electronic scene. It’s not pure synthpop (though god bless to the subgenre, it was our gateway drug to electronic music and many of our favourite bands fall squarely into the category), it’s not goth, nor Darkwave, nor industrial – it’s a blend of a few different things.
The thing that drew us to our dear, dear (departed?) Technoir and even more so the Depeche Mode of yesteryear (1984-90) was they captured this very specific sliver of the electronic pie so well – melodic with clear synth pop influences, but with more edge, more attitude, …more bass.
There was a darkness there that took nothing away from it’s melodic strength but added a more compelling extra element. It’s our absolute favourite sound.
Into the breach step Welch duo Future/Perfect and they have delivered an awesome debut, one that stands as among the best of 2010 already. 
Bands we miss – Sero.OverdosePosted in Commentary with tags Sero.Overdose on May 29, 2010 by softsynth
They released three albums – Serotonin, No Time For Silence and Heading For Tomorrow, each stronger and more mature than the last, before calling it quits late last year. A lot of their material sounded similar blending into a kind of EBM pastiche but rising out of the bowl of oatmeal that was their back catalogue were a tonne of great songs. By the time their recorded their third album they were producing some finely layered more melodically challenging material that was as good as any in the subgenre.
Continue reading →AUTHOR’S NOTE: I made some changes to Part 1, so you might want to read here before you begin.
Jack and OddBo, they’re next to each other, talking. Jack declares that if anyone gives him a hospital bill, he’ll push it into their eye socket. Jack said that, and he didn’t see my hand hovering over his shoulder, about to tap him. I dart my hand behind my back. I’d rather go round two with Beaver-Man than face Jack on a bad day.
There’s a crash to my left. I jump up, and send shocks of pain into my bad leg. On my left, Otis writhes on the ground, clutching his backside, looking to the sky. After tonight’s encounter, he doesn’t really have much of a left cheek anymore. Either of them. He’s bawling. I sit back down. On second thought, the next time Beaver-Man confronts me, I’m running straight behind Jack.
Breathe in, breathe out.
Stage 2 (Anger): Jack’s still ranting. Jack hides it from me when he works as my apprentice tailor, but at any other chance he gets, he bitches about Beaver-Man destroying Sid’s death satellite, or me never letting him design the uniforms, or Beaver-Man “accidentally” (so say the papers) hitting a cop. One good way to shut up Jack is to ask him where the money he owes me is. Usually. But it’s cool. When my godfather got in that ranting mood, he got more results than anyone in the family, especially the women.
I almost forgot to say hello to you. Hello, Destinee Delgado. I’m your father, your daddy. Call me César Thumb. I guess you can call me César Delgado, since that’s my Catholic name and all, but just never in public, all right? In fact, just call me papa. Don’t presume too much, got it? We only met once. At the time, your mother just gave birth to you a few months ago. It was the last time I saw both of you. You weren’t old enough to remember anything I said. Don’t act like you know me that well.
I suppose you’re wondering why I’m narrating my life to you right now, given that you’re likely at home and are most definitely not in this bleached-out hospital with me. This hospital feels like what medicine tastes like. Grown-ups shouldn’t have to take medicine.
So you, Destinee, are only present in my bald head at the moment. Here’s the thing. The reason your papa sends you all those dolls and dresses and American “soccer” balls for your birthday is this. Your papa works for Sinister Sid. Who’s Sinister Sid? If you only read the papers, which I’m not sure you can because you’re only 3, although I could read in Spanish at 3 but not in English until 8 so those matones running my school labeled me ‘learning disabled’ even though I could run the school better than— the point is, Sid gets a bad rap. Maybe it’s the streaks of tattoos that cover any skin on him. Maybe it’s the bald head, like your papá has. Maybe it’s because he’s a big guy, unlike your papá. Maybe it’s because he summoned demons from another galaxy to help him in a retail scheme. Who can say. But anyway, Sinister Sid, one of the best men, the best. Took me in when I didn’t have a job. Gave me a good salary. Most importantly, he helped me realize myself. Sid taught me this breathing technique where I breathe in until I feel the oxygen pulse through the tubes in my brain, and breathe out until my shoulders fall back. He says to use these breathing moments to discern, without judgment, the true will of my inner child. I must follow that will without compromises. And when you see a guy who looks like Sinister Sid seem so relaxed, you know it’s legit.
Otis forgot all his meditation lessons. He’s up from the bench now, and he’s talking with Jack about outpatients and movies and bills. Otis says, “Hey Jack, don’t you owe César money or something?”
I shake my head so hard that my leg starts burning. Must be a homeopathic thing. Or was it holistic? Sid would know.
Breathe in, breathe out. Breathe in, breathe out. Dry eyes, calm mind. Jack and Otis go back to talking, and I slink back in my seat like a child, back to waiting.
Sid once told me, “César, my friend, you must satisfy your inner child. Let go of society’s expectations of yourself, and be free to act on your own desires.” That’s what he says. Only thing is, I don’t want to talk to my inner child anymore. I hate my inner child. That pussy— and don’t let me catch you using that word— that pussy needs to stop whining all the time. “I’m lonely! I’m scared! I miss my wife! ¡No puedo apoyar esta vida!” Whine whine whine. I don’t like whiners, I don’t work with whiners. Now you, when we met you were the quietest baby I’ve ever seen. Absolutely wide-eyed, and absolutely beautiful. And smart, too. I’d rather hang out with you than keep glancing at these frosty windows, dreading the moment when Beaver-Man’s thick glove punches through them. One day I’ll come back to you, Destinee, with a big wad of cash and an even bigger excuse.
Stage 3 (Pleading): Otis haggles with the nurse from across the room, begging in a nasal screech to be taken next. He’s annoying, but at least Jack calmed down and stopped shouting along with him. The last time I was that big a crybaby, I got a good smack across the face and no supper. If Otis wants to make it in a world of superheroes, he gotta do what I did: get a henchman name, lose some weight, stop answering his wife’s calls.
Sinister Sid said that in times of anguish I should talk to and console my inner child. Well I don’t want to talk to my inner child. I want to talk to my actual child. Like nothing else. Mi dolor es más grande que palabras, I suppose. I can’t visit you anytime soon, I’m too busy working. So I’ll just talk to you in my head. That’s who you are, my psychic link to myself.
I can see you now: puffy cheeks, peach-fuzz hair, big eyes, eyes with tears in them, no, don’t cry, don’t cry on me. I’m gonna keep looking at you, and I’ll do nothing else if you just stop crying. I refuse to stare at these awful, peeling, off-white hospital walls anymore. I’m breathing in, breathing out, breathing in gasps.
Jack sniffs his nose and grimaces, as if he smells something burnt. He looks at me. I hold my breath.
To Be Continued in Part 3GTA 4 Cheats 1.4
- License
- Free Download
- Language
- Platform
- windows
Essential cheats for Grand Theft Auto 4 … GTA 4 Cheats are a collection of 16 cheats for Grand Theft Auto IV. In game … completing one of Roman's mission. Each of the GTA 4 Cheats does something different …
- PROS: Useful to have all cheats in one place
- CONS: Just a list, Can't copy and paste codesNews
Skeeters Swat Patriots 12-0
07/07/2017 8:09 PM Somers1 Pair-Lounge Chair Recliner Patio Pool Beach outdoor Chair (Orange)
- Magshion Furniture
- B00WLCBLLC
- In Stock
- $149.99
$83.99
Available Options
-.
- UV-Resistant Breathable mesh Fabric. Material: Steel, Fabric, Rattan
- Angle Lock For Locking In Several Relining Angles
- Reclined Size: 63"Long x 33" Tall
- Seating Width: 21"
- Weight Capacity: 300 Lbs Chair Weight: 17 LbsWe had a pumpkin carving contest at our work, with one pumpkin for each department. We were given no boundaries, and we could use any props that we wanted. So Charles, in my department, carved up a pumpkin and came up with this:
Monthly Archives: October 2007
Stand by
Have you ever eaten Fettuccine Alfredo while watching a tape worm removal on Youtube? It’s not a good combination, and I don’t know why it didn’t occur to me to wait until I finished my dinner to click on the video. It was kinda like the time when I discovered the “Faces Of Death” videos, and then sat down to watch them while eating Kentucky Fried Chicken. Duhhh!!!!
But its all smoky out, and we have to stay inside, because going outside and breathing all that ash would be even …stupider. The sunrise and sunset here in L.A. are very beautiful though, and there is a gorgeous pink cast over everything. You can really see it in the light coming through the windows and bathing the floor. There’s a warehouse across the street from my work and the outside of it is corrugated metal, and it reflected weak pink sunshine all day. The moonrise is an incredible orange glow. The ashes whirl around in the air and settle onto the cars, and affect people’s lungs but isn’t thick enough at all to affect visibility. I was listening to KNX 1070 a.m. all day, which seemed to give the most up to date coverage, but it’s exhausting just to listen to, and makes me feel helpless. I have three friends that have been evacuated, but I think their houses are all safe. They’re just taking precautionary measures. Plus, how breathable would their air be, if it’s so bad all the way up here? Everybody is going to be coughing up ashes for weeks.
So it’s a stay inside, watch gross things on the internet kind of day. We should save our energy, too, because I think everybody is the affected areas is going to need some cheering up.
Gordon Matta-Clark at MOCA
I”
Jon Lajoie’s “High as F#%K”
OMG
This guy’s funny.
If you can’t stand the heat
There.
Gospel brunch at The House Of Blues
On Sunday I went to the House Of Blues for their gospel brunch. It was my friend Jenn’s birthday, and that’s her place of choice. We went there for her birthday 2 years ago, too. They have this great southern brunch where you can get so stuffed that you can’t even walk, and then while you’re recovering you can watch their gospel show. Last time we went, there was this little dude in all white singing, and he was getting so excited, and I got this image of him boogie-ing out into the audience and then boogie-ing on underneath the table, and then I pictured them having to stop the show and ask us to check under our tables for the gospel guy, saying, “He just gets over excited sometimes. He gets so filled up with the gospel, we can’t stop him. Can you check your bags too? He’s really little…”
Ahh, the next generation
Yesterday I got punched in the back by a five year old. It rocked my sense of reality, and led to a fitful night sleep full of dreams in which everyone’s age was all scrambled up. And you know what? In my lifetime, this is at least the tenth time this has happened to me. You’d think I would stop rolling with the five year olds, but they’re just so cute and funny (but strong).
I was at my friend’s house for her one year-old’s birthday party/ baptism celebration. She has a huge, wonderful traditional Mexican family, and the party went well into the night. All for a one-year old. There was a DJ, a Pinata, a bouncy castle, tons of food, three tables were fully loaded with presents, and her cul-de-sac was full of cars, double and triple parked all the way down the street. I was the only white person there, but that happens to me all the time. I don’t usually get roughed up for it. The one who punched me was one of eight million cousins of the baby. I think he was mad because I was trying to talk to him about punching people. He looked me very seriously in the face and then said, “you’re not my dad! My dad’s a firefighter!” He forgot the bond we’d forged when his angry brother was chasing him around the bouncy castle, and I finally reached out and he leapt into my arms and I held him high in the air so that only his legs could, and did, get punched. While he was perched victoriously on my shoulder, he cheered and gave his brother the finger, and then spit on him. His brother started to spit on both of us, and then my little five year old friend lost his shoulder privileges.
By early evening, he’d punched five adults and made both of his older brothers cry. I finally made a citizens arrest in the form of telling his mommy, and he got pulled out of the action for a long while. He’s a very entertaining kid, and never stops smiling or yelling funny things. I’m very curious to see how his life turns out. I still think he’s adorable.
In the absence of permission from his parents to post his photo, I’ll just post this pic of a cute little hamster holding a gun.
photo peeled off of Janae’s myspace, via her comments section.HOTLINE: Tuesday, May 8Posted: Updated:
Donations for Abused Puppy's Surgery
Miles will likely have to have one leg amputated if he doesn't receive specialized surgery. The animal rescue group PAWS needs to raise the necessary funds so they can save the dog's leg. The surgery will cost between $3,000 and $5,000. Visit to donate. Click here to read more about the puppy's tale.
D-backs: 4*ALS Awareness Day
Our Diamondbacks take on the Giants Friday at 6:40 p.m. for ALS night at the ballpark
For tickets:
For more information about ALS:
AAWL -- Dog up for Adoption
Arizona Animal Welfare League is located at 30 N. 40th Place, Phoenix (just north of Washington and 40th streets). For more information call 602-273-6852.
Veronica, Beauty by Veronica Salon
7440 E. Sixth Ave. in Scottsdale
480-874-8889
Adult ADHD
Dr. Mollen's practice is located at 16100 N. 71st St. in Scottsdale. For more information call 480-656-0016 or log on to.
Tempe CCR
The Tempe Fire Department has been using CCR since November 2008. For more information on CCR, visit.
The Rescue Project
The program offers safe refuge and specialized counseling so that victims of human trafficking can be restored as functioning members of society. The Rescue Project is designed to meet all the needs of these victims through specialized counseling, education, parenting skills and legal aid. The program offers these components as well as clothing, healthcare, meals and shelter in a loving, safe and supportive environment at no cost. For more information visit or call 602-346-8778.
Arizona Hiking
Arizona Highways magazine Hiking Issue is on newsstands now.
Animal Abuse
Animal Benefits Club of Arizona
For more information, visitLighten Your Burden With Tax Accounting Specialist
Lighten Your Burden With Tax Accounting Specialist. These specialists can offer plenty of advantages to you. But, you have to make sure that you hire the best person. Here are few points to consider when finding the right specialist.
1. Shop Around
One of the best ways for you to find what you need is to shop around. This is also true when it comes finding a tax accounting specialist. Getting a specialist with the expertise and experience in dealing with your tax preparations help you save money. With an experienced specialist, you are confident that you spend your money right and you won't waste even a cent. They are knowledgeable on the regulations, rules and deductions that others may not know.
2. Make an Inquiry
There is nothing wrong getting a fresh graduate specialist, however, you may not be satisfied with the information you get from him. You have to ask the specialist about their clients, issues solve and background education. Remember, this is a sort of interview for you to find the best person to hire. Therefore, take your time to listen and decide. This is a huge help for you to come up with the best decision.
3. Know Them More
The reason why you are hiring an accountant is for the benefit of your business. For this reason, you need to find one that you are comfortable to be around. Of course, nothing good will happen if your accountant doesn't make you comfortable. It is essential to have a free consultation in order to get to know who are you talking with. For a smooth process, you have to get along with your accountant.
4. Affordable Services
When hiring an accountant from dependable-taxservices.com, you have to know about his fees. You have to be aware that the fees can vary from one specialist to another. To avoid hidden charges, be sure to talk about this prior to entering an agreement. You have to avoid those who charge their services very high.
It is true that this can take some of your time, effort and money, but everything is sure worth it once you find the right specialist. And, if you are going to take these things into account, you can find the right person in no time.Glary Undelete is an application that has been created to be able to return the files that may have been deleted accidentally to their original directory. How it works is rather simple, similar to that of the Windows files explorer, so that any user will be able to make the most of this program in just a few minutes.
The program analyzes your hard drive in search of files that have been deleted but that are still recoverable, allowing you to select a specific kind of extension or to filter the result depending on the files name.
Once you have found what you wanted to recover, you'll only have to select a destination folder to save the recovered files and wait for the program to do its job.
Without a doubt, one of the best things about this development is that it isn't necessary to configure anything to be able to make the most of the application.
Download Glary Undelete as soon as possible and don't worry about anything if you've accidentally deleted any file.
We'd love to hear from you. Do you want to give us your opinion?District 15 Boundary Map
McHenry School Districts 15 and 156 are using Google Maps to identify our school locations and the boundaries for the Elementary Schools, Middle Schools, and High Schools. In addition to choosing the boundary maps below, enter your address in the search box and click on the "Locate" button to locate your address within the boundary lines.
It is recommended that you contact the Transportation office at at 815-385-6622 if your address is close to a school boundary line in order to confirm the school your student(s) will attend.
Search McHenry District 15's School Boundary
Please enter your address in the text box below:Aug
2
2017
Each Panerai watch is as unique as the history it tells. A history that has its beginnings in Florence, where Giovanni Panerai, a businessman, craftsman and innovator, opened the city’s first watchmaker’s shop in 1860. A history that links every single detail of a watch to the purpose for which it was designed and made, when Panerai watches were supplied to the commandos of the Italian Navy. A history, which has always looked to the future, through the ongoing search for technical excellence, which distinguishes every new Officine Panerai collection. Combining Italian design and Swiss watchmaking perfection, Officine Panerai, year by year, re-interprets its passion which for more than 150 years has been the creation of high precision instruments for measuring time with a strong distinctive, aesthetic and functional identity.This week’s pinterest pick was found just yesterday when my sister n law asked if I had any good ideas for my nephew’s 1st communion party. Wow. A first communion party never even crossed my mind !! I knew this was going to be a bit challenging, there isn’t much stylish first communion inspiration on the blogs, but there is a lesson to be learned. Just because something has an apparent theme, doesn’t mean you have to do the obvious. In this case, I recommended going with a blue/white/grey theme and keeping it simple and chic with white flowers and simple decor. A solid color theme will be more than enough impact and makes your possibilities endless. I love the tablescape below I pinned which represents some bold blue shades, simple white flowers and candle centerpieces. Click on the image to see the entire board.
If you have any specific questions, feel free to email me at staceylynnweddings@gmail.comThe.
Please fill in the form in order to register for the Cisco Talent Connection Event.Parlez-Vous ‘Potter?'8 May, 2002 By: Hive News
As if Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone wasn't already an international event, Warner Home Video has launched a multilanguage online "owl prowl" game promotion that will bring Harry Potter fans across the globe together to celebrate of the DVD and VHS release.
By registering at owlsightings.com, fans may compete in seven different languages (French, Spanish, Japanese, Korean, German, Portuguese and English) to test their Harry Potter movie knowledge, leading them to hidden owls throughout the World Wide Web and giving them a chance to be in the next movie, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, set for a November theatrical release.
One grand prize winner will be flown to England to join the cast and crew to film a walk-on role in the upcoming sequel. Nine first prize winners and their families
will win a trip to London and be among the first to see the second film. Game winners will be announced May 28.
From May 8 through May 25 (7:59 p.m. GMT), participants around the world can take part in "owl prowls" through various Web sites such as Cartoon Network, Yahooligans, Neopets and Nickelodeon and globally on AOL Germany, Cartoon Network in Japan and Yahoo in England. The sites will lead players to register on owlsightings.com, where they will be assigned an "Owl Prowler" name and receive a virtual game board with questions about the movie. Each day, five Harry Potter-themed questions will test the player's knowledge of the movie. Challengers will receive a new game board daily to collectively catch up to 85 owls, with a chance to win instant prizes throughout the 17-day game. Players around the world can connect using bulletin boards on
harrypotter.com to help each other with the owl challenges while competing to become the "Top Owl Prowler" on the worldwide scoreboard.
Each day, players must use their "owl intellect" to answer one question to be entered for a chance to win the grand prize. Players also have the chance to win one of the 1,000 daily instant prizes including a variety of Harry Potter merchandise.
When participants complete their game boards by catching all five owls on any day
during the game, they will get a digital reward such as a Harry Potter screensaver - with new ones featured each day. Each player has up to 17 chances (one per day) to be entered for the grand prize
Warner Home Video will support the game with a media campaign targeting kids all over the world. Placements will be featured in general circulation publications such as People as well on both television and radio.Don't Weight Any Longer | Certified Independent Health Coach | Take Shape For Life
Meet Heather!!!
Ok, I might be a little biased about Heather’s story because she is on of my dearest friends, but let me tell you – this girl is kicking some serious butt!!! Heather is a lot like I was – great personality, loves life, but not at a healthy weight. When I announced my Healthy for the Holiday Weight-loss Challenge, Heather contacted me to say she was ready to get serious about her health.
She successfully completed the 8-week challenge and here are her results:
- Down 30lbs!
- Down 31.5 inches
- Already wearing clothes that weren’t fitting right
- Excited about the next 8-weeks….and the next…and the next!!!
My next official challenge will be sometime in January, but don’t let that stop you! Heather completely changed her life around in 8 weeks. There are just under 8 weeks left in 2013. Why not ring in the New Year as a…
View original post 8 more wordsPicking a new app out of the blue can be a challenge, so it's often best to go on user reviews and to verify that a given app does indeed work Categories Amazon Kindle Help (48) Apple Watch and Wearables Help (41) Articles, Tutorials and Reviews (263) Blogging and Wordpress Help (186) Business Advice (166) Computer and Internet Basics (554) d) None You can even switch from the Control key to the Option key at this point, to get Open With to switch to Always Open With. So opening them in TextEdit will most likely give you at least a glimpse at the content of the file. navigate here
Using the Mac App Store to find compatible apps to open a specific file in OS X is surprisingly simple. Enable Parental Controls on Linksys Wi-Fi Router? Ask David Your Own Question David, Mac Support Specialist Category: Mac Satisfied Customers: 1365 Experience: BSc H.Dip Apple Certified Professional 39216975 Type Your Mac Question Here... Hi,You can open Pages first, then click File -> Open to choose your document.If you can let me know of any problems I can help you out.Kind regards,David.
Or would you rather be able to open the document next time via a simple double-click? no Expert: David replied4 years ago. I used to use my friends macbook and I thought I was able to open them. Using these commands work exactly the same way as for the File menu Open With commands just described.Get Info.
The dimmed applications will still be dimmed, but you can now select them.Figure 2: The Choose Application dialog accessed from the Open With commandOne word of caution: Just because this option I seem to remember saving them as docx. A dialog appears informing you that all documents of this type (e.g., all that end in .pdf) will now be opened in the newly selected application by default. How To Open Microsoft Word On Mac If you work with any version of Word 2000 through Word 2003 for Windows and Word for Mac 2011, you can download the Microsoft Office Compatibility Pack for Word, Excel, and
If you want to open the file in Office for Mac, ask the Windows-based author to adjust the password length. Here’s an example of a Word document on the left, and the result when you open it up in TextEdit on the right. The option is also valuable when you want to make permanent changes to how a document opens (so that, for example, the next time you try to open the PDF document, more stack exchange communities company blog Stack Exchange Inbox Reputation and Badges sign up log in tour help Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed
Navigate to the location where the application you want use resides and select it.In the most rare cases of all, you may find that the desired application's name is dimmed and Download Open Office For Mac You can then see the contents, though they look a lot like the do in TextEdit, without the design elements. If you work with both Office 2004 for Mac and Office for Mac 2011 for Mac, you can download a converter for Office 2004 so that you can open, edit, and Credentials confirmed by a Fortune 500 verification firm.
This is seriously inconvenient. official site How do I Enter a Microsoft Office 365 Product Key? How To Open A .doc Document On A Mac The pop-up menu here should list the application that currently is used to open the document. [Note: If it is the default application, the word default will appear in parentheses next How To Open Word Documents On Mac Ask Your Own Mac Question Customer: replied4 years ago.
Several of the keyboard shortcuts in the Finder?s Go menu also work in Open dialogs. check over here All postings and use of the content on this site are subject to the Apple Support Communities Terms of Use. Apple Support Communities More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Category:Mac Share this conversation Expert: David replied4 years ago. Adobe's Project Clover could help Real snake on a plane slithers out during flight CNETComputersMini Tutorial: Open up! (When documents won't open)Mini Tutorial: Open up! (When documents won't open)Mini Tutorial: Open Pages Won't Open Document
Does the sun rise in the east? If you work with both Office 2004 for Mac and Office for Mac 2011 for Mac, you can download a converter for Office 2004 so that you can open, edit, and Two open source office programs can be downloaded and installed for free, and both can open and display Word files, including some of the design features. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map Contact Apple ASK DAVE TAYLOR HomeVideo HelpLatest ReviewsMost PopularTop CategoriesAbout DaveAsk!
There is another free solution to opening Word files on your Mac, and it is one that is not obvious. Openoffice For Mac What now? For at least two reasons.First, Mac OS X provides a rich array of alternative ways to open documents.
Thus, to go to the Preferences folder in your Home Library, you would type: ~/Library/Preferences. Instead, the application will either not open the document at all or open it but not display the expected contents (you'll probably get hieroglyphic-like text). Could there possibly be a need to write a tutorial on such a mundane subject?Well, yes. Textedit Mac How JustAnswer Works: Ask an Expert Experts are full of valuable knowledge and are ready to help with any question.
To see a list of previous columns and tutorials, click here. Sean Gallup/Getty Images News/Getty Images Related Articles [WordPad] | How to Open WordPad [Mac Document] | How to Open a Word for Mac Document in Microsoft Word for PC [Mac OS For more information about how to download the Open XML File Format Converter for Mac, visit the Downloads area on the Microsoft Web site (). weblink A hierarchical menu will appear.
ios icloud share|improve this question edited Oct 12 '15 at 15:39 asked Oct 11 '15 at 17:44 aszekely 311216 What, precisely, was the error? To make this sort of change, first select the initial problem document and open its Info window: select Get Info (Command-I) from the Finder's File menu or from the document's contextual What is the full name and extension, under 'Name and Extension'?Kind regards,David. in any way.
Unless you had Pages at some stage and opened it with Pages. But the idea is to be able to open a .doc file that you get in an email without much hassle. You can, however, open Word documents pn a Mac laptop or desktop computer without having to download any special program. In such cases, the solution is to get the needed application.
Or what if no application launches at all ?Made InVirtual Life
It's a puzzle game based in factory/warehouse environment, basically you're getting some parts and by using various machines you have to combine strategic puzzle game that feels like an adventure game. It’s a cross between gaming and social commentary.
It is designed to encourage thought but not to tell the player what to think. The player can make different choices in the game and there are 5 different endings.
Online Reviews, Articles and Comments
“This is a very interesting and challenging puzzle game...Fans of puzzle games will love how challenging these brainteasers are....
 ★★★★★ (App Store!!!!!” – Lily Lil ★★★★★ (App Store ” – Bart Lawless ★★★★★ (App Store/Tester review)
“Challenging puzzle game with a bleary atmosphere and a unique message. Seriously check it out, it’s free and you won’t regret it.” – Floydian Spiral ★★★★★ (App Store review)
To promote McBank: The Puzzle of Money and.
HunieCam Studio is our perverted answer to the tycoon/management sim genre. Players take control of a cam girl operation and try to make as much dirty...
Have you ever wanted to poop on people but were too shy to just go for it? There's poop in my soup lets you do just that, poop in soups, poop on people...
"Do Not Feed the Monkeys" is a unique, digital voyeur simulator: a narrative-driven experience that will give you the chance to invade the privacy of...
Strangelings is a game for iOS and the web. As a player, you raise interactive fantasy pets--Strangelings--in lush, imaginative environments. These animals...
No games were found matching the criteria specified. We suggest you try the game list with no filter applied, to browse all available. Join now to share your own content, we welcome creators and consumers alike and look forward to your comments.Wind Turbine Installers in Crayford
Our Wind Turbine Installers in Crayford were rated
Here you can find a list of installers supplying Wind Turbines in Crayford and the surrounding area. You can contact them using the 'Email Now' system and ask them for information or a quotation at your leisure. For the installers with logo's you can also click the line and view their detailed profile.
An aircraft engineer who befriended a schoolgirl over the internet and performed sexual acts with her in a Blackpool hotel room has been jailed for 28 months.
Comic con enthusiast Alexander Charles Allen, 31, first met his victim online on a website related to the hobby they shared, which sees people dress as their favourite comic characters and attend conventions.
This was clearly a relationship that started when he was 29 and she was 15
The 31-year-old, of Pinewood Drive Cheltenham, Gloucester, and the victim later met up at one such event, Preston Crown Court was told.
Allen then struck up a relationship with the 15-year-old girl from Chorley and had lewd conversations with her online.
Prosecuting, Paul Brookwell said they had engaged in sexual activity in a hotel room in Blackpool.
Similar offences also took place in his car after he had met the victim in the Wigan area in September 2015.
After the girl’s mother learned of the relationship and became concerned, he sent the woman letters declaring his love for the schoolgirl.
Mr Brookwell said: “This was clearly a relationship that started when he was 29 and she was 15. The age disparity is an aggravating factor. Like all 15-year-olds they think they are older than they are. The chat on the internet turned to explicit chat before the sexual activity took place.”
Allen admitted charges of sexual activity with a child and two counts of intentionally touching the girl.
In a personal impact statement the girl, who is now 17 and cannot be identified for legal reasons, said when she realised the relationship was a ‘fantasy’ she had felt depressed, felt that nobody liked her and that she didn’t ‘fit in’.
Defending, Tom Lord said Allen was sexually and emotionally naive about relationships and was of previous good character.
He said: “He has expressed fantastical views about love and marriage and taking a relationship forward.”
Sentencing, Judge Heather Lloyd said, in addition to the custodial sentence, Allen would be on the barring list and imposed a 10-year sexual harm prevention order.A Great and Terrible Beauty
Review
A Great and Terrible Beauty
The year is 1895. Raised in colonial India, sixteen-year-old Gemma Doyle wants nothing more than to leave the hot, sticky atmosphere for the civilized world of England, with its temperate climate, good education and bustling social scene. To her surprise, Gemma gets her wish in a dramatic and tragic way, when her mother is killed in a mysterious, supernatural attack and her father, unable to cope with his grief, becomes addicted to opium.
Gemma is now enrolled at the Spence Academy, an exclusive finishing school for young ladies. The high-spirited, free-thinking Gemma constantly finds herself in conflict not only with the school's rules and regulations but with the highly structured Victorian society of which the school is a part. Gemma is also unable to fit into the social atmosphere of the school itself --- the other students are catty and snobbish, unwilling to accept this new student with her unknown pedigree and unconventional ideas.
That is, until Gemma finds a diary, written twenty years before, that sheds light on Spence's history and her own prophetic visions. She discovers her ability to travel to the realms, a dream world where every girl's most passionate fantasy can come true. Joining her are three friends, secretly united by their midnight travels to this otherworldly realm. As the close-knit group becomes more daring and more caught up in the magic, they find themselves repeating the events that led to tragedy twenty years before.
It's probably inaccurate to call A GREAT AND TERRIBLE BEAUTY a work of historical fiction. Although the setting is Victorian England, the characters, especially Gemma, are anything but Victorian. Instead, Gemma, with her frankness about sex, her astute and ironic commentaries about her social situation, and her desire for independence, seems like a twenty-first century girl dropped into 1895. That's not a problem, though, as long as readers don't expect historical and cultural accuracy from the novel.
In fact, the author has a lot of fun with the conventions of traditional boarding school novels, including such stock figures as the free-thinking teacher, the spiritualist and the mysterious gypsy woman. Those who are familiar with Victorian novels from Dickens to Bronte will probably greatly enjoy Libba Bray's send-up of typical characters and themes.
The supernatural elements of the book, though, are what set it apart from other novels of its type. The mythology of the realms and the magical Order to which Gemma and her mother belong are not fully developed in the novel. Neither does the story come to a satisfactory conclusion, as Gemma has yet to realize the full extent of her prophetic powers. Rumor has it, though, that A GREAT AND TERRIBLE BEAUTY is but the first in a trilogy, and one hopes that these elements will be explored in more depth in the book's sequels.
Reviewed by Norah Piehl on December 9, 2003Israel News
Hi-Tech
TRENDING STORIES
Middle East
American Politics
Premium
Edition française
Blogs
Green Israel
DUBAI - Imprisoned Iranian lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh, who has defended human rights activists including Nobel Peace laureate Shirin Ebadi, has been released by the authorities, her husband wrote in a Facebook post on Wednesday.Sotoudeh, herself a human rights activist, had been serving a six-year sentence after being arrested in September 2010 and convicted of spreading propaganda and conspiring to harm state security.Her husband Reza Khandan, whose Facebook page is followed by thousands, wrote in a short post on Wednesday: "Nasrin came ... they told her you are free..."Khandan did not immediately respond to a request for comment, and no further details were available on the conditions of Sotoudeh's release.Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, who took office last month, pledged during his election campaign to ease some political and social restrictions at home, and his supporters have called for the release of political prisoners in Iran.An Iranian opposition news site, Kaleme, reported on Wednesday that authorities had released seven female political prisoners, though Sotoudeh was not among those named by the site.
By REUTERS
By JPOST.COM STAFF
Sponsored Content
By REUTERS
Please insert a valid email addressFlood insurance changes are topic of state public forums
The Federal Emergency Management Agency and the state Department of Energy and Environmental Protection will host three meetings next month to discuss flood insurance and coastal map changes with the public.
The meetings will allow residents to view new updated coastal flood insurance rate maps, understand the changes that will impact flood insurance rates, and learn about financial steps they may need to take to protect their investment in their properties. N. Main St., Branford.
READER COMMENTSHow's everyone's weekend so far?
I hope so far so good! We are getting ready to go to the beach again for a week. Yay for that! So we have been getting things ready for a nice, relaxing vacay!
But before vacation we had to get a little work in...
I posted last week about some things that we are doing to get our home Fall ready. And one of the things that I've been excited to do is add some carriage style elements to our garage door.
I ordered these from Amazon. They're the Decorative Fleur De Lis Garage Door Kit
And for $17.97 (Prime membership) I'd say they are a nice little bang for your buck!
Here's our garage door before: (Sorry for these pics, it was super shady)
And here is the after:
They were really easy to install, and only took about 20 minutes.
Instant curb appeal!
They actually look better in person, because these shots as I said before were very shady.
I love projects that are quick and inexpensive but add a little WOW to your home!
Mike has been cleaning the pool porch today in order to prepare for our new porch furniture that I ordered. I'll be posting about that when I get back from the beach. I'm excited to show you what is new out there.
Here's a little action shot to show you that he really is working hard!
Tonight our little precious Granddaughter, Ava is spending the night with us! We enjoy every second with her!
Have a great weekend friends!REVIEW: History of Wolves by Emily Fridlund
HISTORY OF WOLVES by Emily Fridlund is a coming-of-age story about a young girl who struggles to live within poverty with ex-hippies as parents in northern Minnesota. When she begins babysitting for the neighbors across the lake, she starts to feel a part of something bigger than herself. Until she witnesses and allows a terrible thing that will shape her life.
The rambling style of the main character’s thoughts is addictive, even though it left me perplexed quite often. I loved the descriptions of the woods and nature. The author’s words illustrated the love and appreciation of the wild. I feel as if I’ve lived a childhood similar, running off through the woods in the 1960s because my parents needn’t worry about my safety. I wish I could have given that happy, carefree, childhood bliss of the innocent to my own children. But that unique world was too far gone by the time I became a parent. This novel’s descriptions make me wish for simpler times.
Overall, I enjoyed the book, except for the sexual connotations that felt like they were coming from an abused individual. Linda showed no evidence of abuse, but she was very imbalanced in her thinking, often coming off as a sociopath. This isn’t always a comfortable book to read. I wonder if her deviant thoughts are used as a metaphor or simile to explain something that happened, or that she assumed or wished happened. At times, I felt these odd thoughts were placed for shock value to heighten anticipation. Since this story is mostly about growing up with ex-hippie parents and unusual friends and neighbors, the strangeness of the main character’s thoughts can be explained. But many times, I wondered if she was on the brink of a manic episode. Linda has an eerie, strange voice that’s captivating and addicting.
My only disappointment is that I didn’t understand the final chapter, even after re-reading the last few chapters several times. I feel like I should understand it and I have some guesses, but I’m left wondering what I missed. This seems like one of those literary books that everyone will rave about but I won’t understand without discussing within a group. The other half of me is offended that I don’t get it and now I wonder what I missed.
I had a very hard time coming up with a rating for this book because of the final chapter. The end leaves me with so many questions and disappointment. I’m not sure if I’m disappointed in myself because I don’t get it, or in the author because it isn’t clear. For that reason alone, I could rate this book a 3 but it doesn’t do it justice. For the bulk of the book that’s wondrously talented, plus my eager enjoyment, I’d rate it 4.5 to a 5, so I’ve compromised with a 4. It leaves me with the belief that each reader’s mileage will vary. My hope is that more of my friends will try this book so we can figure it out together!
Originally attracted to the title and the cover, this story wasn’t like anything I expected. The significance of the title confused me until the end when I realized what affect one moment early in her childhood had on Linda’s life. Beyond what the title means to the main character, I believe HISTORY OF WOLVES represents a family nucleus as a pack of wolves. Yes, the mother and father are near, but there are far more influences on this adolescent’s life that flow into adulthood. I’ll always wonder about her story twenty years into the future. Will she always wander as a lone wolf?
Author Emily Fridlund writes in a literary style that rambles eloquently, but in the same manner as human thoughts, zigzagging across several subjects at once. An articulate and creative author to watch, I’m super curious about her next endeavor. In the HISTORY OF WOLVES, simple paragraphs are lifted with a vision, as words become thoughts that engage and tease the reader. The beauty of each sentence is captivating. I could get lost for hours reading and re-reading pages of this book. If you love the written word, read this book for the author’s expressive sentences that transport. Emily Fridlund creates evocative storytelling in a haunting debut.
Review by Dorine, courtesy of The Zest Quest. Digital advanced reader copy provided by the publisher through NetGalley for an honest review.
History of Wolves by Emily Fridlund
Category: Literary Fiction
Publisher: Atlantic Monthly Press (January 3, 2017)
Rated 4 out of 5
What types of Literary fiction have you enjoyed?2017 saw the cinematic release of “Ghost in the Shell,” a movie that was centered around a very popular anime one that spawned multiple animated movies itself and an animated series beforehand.
Growing up, I watched one of the anime adaptations, “Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex.”
As a teenager, I enjoyed the series, it was never my favorite show, but I took enjoyed watching it well enough.
When I heard of the 2017 cinematic movie, I was more intrigued than excited. After watching the trailer and reading the synopsis, I dismissed it entirely.
I wasn’t interested in the transformation of a strong female lead into the pale Hollywood version the movie had.
In the anime, I enjoyed the female lead, Major. She was often a cold character and the fact she was literally downloaded into a completely artificial body made many around question if she was literally a ghost in the shell. Hence the name. Major herself was never a vulnerable character, and if she did question her own humanity, it was very much left to the viewer to guess if she ever had an issue with it.
The movie did not go this route. The marketing for the cinematic release showed a character that was on a journey to discover how she was created (in the show I watched, she always knew how she was created and who she was), and the movie looked like your traditional “who am I” storyline that has been overdone to death.
Because of this, I never bothered to watch the cinematic release, and I highly doubt I ever will.
Still, I never pondered whether the movie would be a success. I simply shrugged and moved on with my day. Then I heard about Netflix’s adaptation of the anime, “Death Note,” and it piqued my interest — this adaptation I did watch. The Netflix series wasn’t great by any means, but if I ignored any connection to the source material I found, I could enjoy it. Just like “Ghost in the Shell,” I moved on after watching it and never thought twice about it again.
But maybe I should have.
The world of anime and the fandom that watches it has always been viewed in a very narrow way in my experience. Much like comic lovers, those who watch it are often assumed to be somewhat social outcasts. My favorite example, or rather the example that I loathe the most, would be the portrayal of the character, Sheldon, from the popular show, “The Big Bang Theory.”
Sheldon is, for all intents and purposes, supposed to be “weird,” and his character is imprinted on many people's minds of what to expect from someone who watches anime or reads comics.
Sheldon is awkward, often obnoxious and doesn’t seem to understand how to actually exist in society. His portrayal had always been how I felt many viewed those who liked anime, comics or any other fandoms that were less than mainstream.
And I believe it was at least for some time before that changed.
Often as a teenager and an adult, the most common response I received from someone, including one of my closest friends, to finding I enjoyed anime was shock and a whole lot of confusion mixed with strange looks.
But I’m starting to think this response may not be the common one anymore.
In recent years, there has been an increase in anime’s popularity and I find myself continuing to enjoy a culture that may no longer be considered a niche market. Animes such as “Death Note” and “Attack on Titan” have grown a large fan base, creating a stronger acceptance of anime.
Serious cinematic adaptations such as “Ghost in the Shell” and it’s Netflix equivalent, “Death Note,” may not be true to their source materials, but they open up a larger audience to that source material.
Back when the cinematic adaptation of the anime, “Dragon Ball,” titled “Dragonball Evolution” came to the big screen in 2009, I doubt any anime lover would have thought that future anime adaptations would star actors, such as Scarlett Johansson and Willem Dafoe.
I’m not sure where this trend began. I highly suspect it began with the popularity of comic book movies, but how that translated into the acceptance of anime I am unsure.
All I know is the idea of my favorite animes such as “Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood” and “Baccano” making it to the cinematic big screen or into a mini series doesn’t seem so far away. And when they do come to the big screen, I don’t think other anime fans will be the only one’s excited to see them either..Employees from insurance software company, CDL Stockport, have clocked in over 211 million steps, equivalent to circumnavigating the globe three times, thanks to a partnership with health and fitness provider, Life Leisure.
The partnership, which proved so popular that it has now been extended, saw the launch of a wellness programme at CDL Stockport on their campus at Kings Reach Business Park in Stockport.
The programme offers people at CDL the opportunity to enjoy a range of health benefits at work. These included a selection of fitness classes such as Yoga, HIIT (High Intensity Interval Training) and a weekly bootcamp session.
CDL employees were also offered the chance to sign up to Life Leisure’s ActiLIFE personalised coaching programme, which combines wearable technology, an online interactive programme and remote coaching to help people to become more active, track their progress and enjoy some fun physical challenges.
Throughout the 12-week trial, CDL employees recorded over 211 million ActiLIFE steps using the ActiLIFE ‘pebble’ accelerometer, and completed over 10,685 miles.
The programme has also had a rejuvenating effect: results from Boditrax scans, a medically graded scanner that provides a range of health and body composition indicators such as basal metabolic rate and visceral fat, indicated huge improvements in the metabolic age of a number of employees, with some achieving a reduction of 11 years.
Melissa Johnson, Group Director at CDL, commented: “We are committed to making CDL a great place to work for all of our staff, so I am delighted that the wellbeing initiative with Life Leisure has proved to be so popular. Many of our staff have seen some fantastic results from the programme, and it’s wonderful that it has helped to encourage positive lifestyle changes. We look forward to continuing our partnership with Life Leisure moving forward and seeing even more of our staff benefit from this initiative.”
Michelle Childs, Senior Physical Activity Development Officer at Life Leisure, added: “We are thrilled to be working with CDL and with the positive feedback the wellness programme has received from employees taking part.
“When people can see the difference that even small changes can make to their own health and wellbeing it is hugely motivating – it’s why we designed the ActiLIFE programme to be so interactive. The brilliant thing about workplace initiatives like this is that there is also a great team spirit, with everyone encouraging each other.”I’m sure that most people have at least one of the tools listed in Ronald Bradford’s article: Monitoring MySQL Options. Many of these tools, such as Nagios and Cacti, also monitor the operating system. However, in the same way that a quick look at sar‘s output can give you some insight on the OS, with MySAR you can do the same for the MySQL server. This is especially useful when it is not possible to access a monitoring tool’s graphic interfaces. …Getting on the bus this morning was like walking through a parted sea of various installments of the Twilight series. Instantly, it reminded me back when I lived in Boston and EVERY single person that I commuted back and forth to school with was reading The Da Vinci Code. Literally, it was obsene how many copies of a single book could be in one place at the same time. I couldn’t help but grimace. Usually when a large group of people like a story so much (um Harry Potter) 9 times out of 10 it is AMAZING. When it came to The Da Vinci Code however, I refused to join the masses. And I haven’t broken down yet. Meh. It just doesn’t interest me. I don’t care how many people it reeled in….
Alas, as I sat down on the bus, I carefully slid the third book in the Twilight series from my bag, hoping that no one saw the cover and gleefully dug in for more adventures with Bella and Edward.
What is it that we girls find so enticing? It must be Edward’s beauty and that forbidden and intense love they share. I guess in the end, no matter how hard we try to fight, us girls will always love a good fairy tale and to romanticize that someday we’ll be swept off our feet too…..By the most beautiful person alive…… Who thinks we are amazing and all they could everhope for out of life…. Who turns out to be a vampire.
It could happen yes? I don’t know. I think if I had my choice, I’d prefer the surprise letter (sent via owl mail of course) announcing that not only am I a witch, but have been enrolled to the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft & Wizardry!
Sadly, I’d be the odd girl out, due to being a good 15 plus years older than all the other first year students. Whatever. If my mom could go back to college when she was 40ish, I sure as hell can start witch and wizardly school when I’m 25.
2 responses to “Vampire Boyfriend Or A Wizard Education?”
I would love to get a letter from an owl also!! ha! I don’t know if i could make Gryffindor though…
Ha same. I’d so have to go to Wizardry Community College for a year or two beforehand!(508) 393-8517
Bergstrom Construction, LLC
42 years in business13 Eliot Rd
Northborough, MA 01532-2707
Find a Location
Type of EntityLimited Liability Company (LLC)
Contact Information
- Principal: Mr. David Bergstrom, President
Business Category
- Construction Services
- Bathroom Design
- Building Contractors
- General Contractor
- Home Improvement
- Home Additions
- Painting Contractors
- Patio Enclosures
- Siding Contractors
- Window Installation
- Handyman
Products & ServicesAccording to information provided by the company, they offer construction and remodeling services, encompassing home improvements and building. Contracting for additions, kitchen, bath, patio, porch and deck, roof and siding. They also offer handyman services as well as window installation and service.
Licensing, Bonding or RegistrationThis business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
- BBB records show a license number of 151804 for this business, issued by Office of Consumer Affairs & Business Regulations
Office of Consumer Affairs & Business Regulations
10 Park Plaza, Suite 5170, Boston, MA 02116
Phone Number: (888) 2833757
consumer@state.ma.us
- BBB records show a license number of CS-001204 for this business, issued by Department of Public Safety
Department of Public Safety
One Asburton Place Room 1301, Boston, MA 02108
Phone Number: (617) 7273200
Number of Employees:3
BBB Accreditation
BBB Accredited Since 02/13/1991
BBB has determined that Bergstrom Construction,.While Tamako Market didn’t burn up the small screen when it was broadcast, it did well enough that a small theatrical film was made with Tamako Love story, which was in theaters back on Apri 26th, 2014. Now Kyoto Animation is getting ready for the next phase of the film which is the October 10th, 2014 release of the DVD and Blu-ray release. Priced at 6,600 yen and 7,400 yen respectively, the feature will come in an art box with a new booklet, storyboards and new cards. The disc extras themselves include the stage greeting material, teasers, trailers and promos, the clean opening and closing and an audio commentary. Kyoto Animation has now unveiled their first promotional sport for it as well.
The main team came back with all the voice actors returning for the feature with Naoka Yamada taking up the directorial duties again with a script by Reiko Yoshida. Character designs will once again be handled by Yukiko Horiguchi.
Plot concept: Tam!How To Play Movie: For play Movie Click on Player icon 2 to 3 times until Movie Starts, Because Some Useless tab or windows opened just close them they are ADS.
For Fastest Buffering pause it for 5-10 minutes then continue playing!.
Wanted dubbed version in Hindi, A frustrated office worker learns that he is the son of a professional assassin and that he shares his father’s superhuman killing abilities.Advertisements
Newsweek
Jazz Age Lawn Party 2015 photos
The Style Tip
Style profile: Kristen Naiman – Vice President Brand Creative Kate Spade New York
Style profile: Karen and Sara Brown – creative direction for Home/ global vintage buyer both at Ralph Lauren
Style profile: Tiffany Jow – Communications Director at Studio Dror and contributing editor at Surface Magazine.
Style profile: Maryellis Bunn – Design strategist
Style profile: Elle Hankinson – KCD Digital Director
Fashionista.com
Jazz Age Lawn Party 2015 street style
Advertisements […]
Photos for WGSN.com Dylana Suarez Natalie Suarez of Natalie Off DutyDylana Suarez & Natalie Suarez Annie Georgia Greenberg, Senior Editor, Refinery 29
Style profile for the Style Tip of Maryellis Bunn, Parsons student of Business majoring in Strategic Design and Management
Style Profile for The Style Tip on Elle Hankinson, Senior Trends Editor at WGSN.Scroll down to preview the course
Thank you for your interest in Millennials to Members! Payment is not required to access the course preview. This is simply an opportunity for you to learn more about the course and to see a few of the lessons. Once you preview the site, simply click Enroll to complete the registration process.
What’s the Price?
Independent Study $419
The Independent Study option gives you 6-month’s access to the course and the Membership-Building Plan workbook. It’s everything you need to start planning for your association’s membership growth and future success. Eligible for 18 CAE credits. Receive a Next Generation Association Executive certificate upon course completion.
Group Study $309 (2-15 People)
The Group Study option is ideal for a group of staff, board, or volunteers seeking to collaborate on the development of a future-focused membership strategy. Each member will have 6-month’s access to the course and receive the Membership-Building Plan workbook. In addition, the group will have access to two hours of consulting with one of the course authors, Sarah Sladek or Laura Goodrich. Eligible for 18 CAE credits. Receive a Next Generation Association certificate upon course completion.
For the Group Study option or to receive special pricing for groups larger than 15 people,
please contact Brad at 612.709.7988 or bsladek@xyzuniversity.com.Description:Product Description:.
Synopsis:.Let there Be
broken bulb, used foil & fishing tackle box
2013
Today I registered for graduation. I handed over three pages of forms and £40 and got handed back a receipt measuring 3x4cm. I don’t know what I expected. Champagne? Perhaps later. I came back to my studio and made some art. It seems all I’ve been doing lately is filling out forms and applications. I like organising and tackling little issues like this. But it’s nice to be truly creative also.
I found this tackle box in my loft over Summer and have only recently brought it to my studio. Some objects I find I instantly connect with and others feel disposable. This one is precious. The bulb and wrapper hold value to be too. And yet they have short histories and have seen little. The psychology of nostalgia is not as straightforward as the cliches would suggest.Only about two weeks back in school and students are already bogged down with homework and studying for tests and quizzes. We all wish that Winter Break could’ve been just a week longer. 2 weeks? 3? Some wish they were still hitting the slopes, laying on the beach, marathoning Breaking Bad, or even sleeping until 12 PM again. Don’t let the pressure or stress get the best of you. Stay strong and confidant, but always give yourself a peaceful break once in a while – check out these websites below. No promises on getting off, though…
There is something for everyone on this website. Stories cover basically anything that the people of the 21st Century have an interest in. Ever seen a Disney princess with a beard? Did you hear about the controversial Depression crop-top? Do you miss these snacks? Do you wanna build a snowman?
This could basically be characterized as a gigantic scrapbook or “pin” board of ideas online. There are photos, videos, GIFs, etc. that any member can pin. Each person can create a board/folder of any topic, and then search for things to put into it. Topics on Pinterest range from DIY Crafts to Adorable Animals to Cars to Tattoos. The company recently put out a new feature called Personalized For You – Once you start pinning, related photos of your pin will be categorized in topic boxes, and as you pin more those same photos, the box gets bigger! If you’d like to see an example, check out my personal page.
While sometimes funny, meaningful or strange, YouTube is definitely the ultimate empire of videos online. In the future, I will be doing a blog post solely dedicated to this website, but for right now…. I think we all need a pep talk.At 02:35 AM 8/29/2004, Jim Tittsler wrote: >On Aug 29, 2004, at 13:45, Allan Trick wrote: >>I set up a new list just now and the footer appears this way on this new >>list: >> >> Changes to your subscription may be made by visiting >> %(user_optionsurl)s. If you are on more than one such Principia mailing >> list, click "Change globally" to apply any changes you may make to all >> of your subscribed lists. >> >>(It doesn't translate the user_option to a URL.) >>[...] >>It looks just the same on the list where it's NOT working. What have I >>not done right to get that URL to show in the messages? >  However, I did add "VERP_PERSONALIZED_DELIVERIES = Yes" to my mm_cfg.py file and then I restarted Mailman. Should that take care of it? Am I missing something on the admin screen that the rest of you have? (I'm running 2.1.5, by the way.) Thanks, AllanOutcomes & Legacy
Following the Treaty of Ghent, Canada grew into a transcontinental country that played an increasingly important role in the British Empire and Commonwealth.
Britain’s investment in defending Canada during the War of 1812 proved very beneficial in the long term. The dominion became an important trading partner, a destination for British immigrants, and a source of military and economic support for Britain during the two world wars of the twentieth century. But, when the British look back at the early nineteenth century, they remember the Napoleonic Wars, not the War of 1812.It’s become increasingly hard to keep up with Kim Kardashian.
Now a brand unto herself, Kardashian is a latter-day Paris Hilton, leveraging a “leaked” sex tape into a reality show into a multimillion-dollar empire. Endorsing everything from make-up to clothes to perfume to diet formulas to credit cards, Kardashian — who recently co-authored the new book “Kardashian Konfidential” — made well over $5 million last year.
And she’s on track to become even bigger in 2011.
She and her sisters have opened the third outpost of their clothing boutique, Dash, in Manhattan; the attendant reality show, “Kourtney & Kim Take New York,” will air on E! in January. She has 5 million followers on Twitter, and is paid thousands of dollars by corporations to tweet endorsements. She and her sisters are parodied as a writhing hydra of helium-voiced bimbos on “SNL.”
“I’ve never met her. I’ve never seen her show,” says reality TV producer Mike Fleiss (“The Bachelor”). “And truthfully, I don’t think there’s a bigger TV star than Kim Kardashian.”
“Keeping Up with the Kardashians” co-stars her sisters Khloe and Kourtney, her mother, Kris, and her stepfather, former Olympian Bruce Jenner.
The recent special includes the sisters graphically miming oral sex, making jokes about incest, flinging food at each other and tormenting Kim with sex toys. It’s marketing genius that Kim comes off as the family prude. So successful has this transformation been that, in a recent episode, her mother feared for Kim’s future career upon hearing that she might have made another sex tape.
Like that would matter. It would just be another twist in the soap opera that is Kim.
“She is a blank slate,” says Dan Schawbel, personal branding expert and author of “Me 2.0.” “It’s all about storytelling that keeps people interested, If you look at their reality show, those stories wind up in the tabloids. It’s that and the social networking that’s the new template.”
Kardashian emerged at an interesting time in the culture, and she, or her advisers, understood just how to exploit it. As the Internet has helped collapse the barrier between celebrities and civilians — once accessible only through their agents or traditional media, many stars now communicate directly online — the sheer number of tabloid magazines expanded to keep pace with the web and the influx of reality TV stars.
And as the narratives of the most successful reality stars — from the “Teen Moms” to the kids of “Jersey Shore” to Kate Gosselin — are established on their shows, they continue in tabloids and on gossip sites, then flow back to TV, forming a feedback loop of character-driven drama. (Putting Kim Kardashian on a magazine cover guarantees a bestseller: Her June Shape cover was the publication’s best-selling of 2010, and her W cover in November was that magazine’s second-place seller of the year.)
These ever-unfolding stories, with supporting players who cycle in and out, are also filling a gap left by the dying soap opera — it’s not that much of a stretch to say Kim Kardashian is Gen-Y’s Susan Lucci, the accessible dark empress of her genre.
Of the three sisters, Kim in particular understands how to keep her narrative moving forward. Lately, she’s been lamenting her lack of a love life and her desire for motherhood. This is in the wake of her recent breakup from Gabriel Aubry, a male model best known as the father of Halle Berry’s daughter. Kardashian dated him for one week.
Afterward, Kim floated the idea that she might adopt from Africa. She and her family also released their Christmas card, all “Dynasty” glamour and dead eyes. “I’ve come to believe the Kardashians are but an optical illusion designed to put viewers in a fugue state,” ran the caption on Gawker.
By the last week of 2010, she was dating someone new, New Jersey Nets player Kris Humphries.
So far, Kardashian hasn’t reached beyond her abilities, such as they are, and despite getting famous off a sex tape, she has managed to be perceived as that rarest of starlets: a wholesome sex bomb. It’s an especially American archetype, and one hasn’t reverberated with such indisputable power since Marilyn Monroe — who also got famous from nude shots, which today seem utterly quaint.
Monroe, of course, had talent, but she also possessed the ineffable quality that makes a movie star, and her vulnerability was something that had not yet been embodied by such an overtly sexual actress. Kardashian isn’t really vulnerable because she doesn’t read as all that complicated, or conflicted, or smart or interesting. She possesses a highly cultivated, beta-version of Monroe’s alchemy.
And she remains aware, at all times, that she is a product.
“Kim is in a good space, largely because she hasn’t been caught with coke,” Schawbel says. “If people didn’t like her, she wouldn’t be able to monetize the interest.”
Elizabeth Currid-Halkett, author of “Starstruck: The Business of Celebrity,” agrees. “Paris Hilton was wild and crazy, but Kim Kardashian is still very well-behaved.”
Recently, Kardashian has said that she’d like to try a singing career. Schawbel doesn’t think such an overreach would prove fatal — “once a brand, always a brand,” he says — but the flip side of reality stardom is that people who are famous for possessing actual talent become more valued by the culture.
“There are no longer barriers to fame,” Currid-Halkett says. “But actual celebrity becomes very rare, and we become more ruthless about who gets it.”SanDisk today announced their 32GB SanDisk Extreme III CF card, designed to meet the demands of professional digital videographers and photographers. While expanding capacity, SanDisk says the new card does not sacrifice speed: it offers data transfer rates of up to 30 Megabytes per second (MBps), or 200x.
â€œHigh-definition camcorders require high-capacity memory cards, and our 32GB SanDisk Extreme III CompactFlash cards offer video professionals longer record times and improved data transfer rates,â€ said Susan Park, director of consumer product marketing for SanDisk.
The new SanDisk 32GB SanDisk Extreme III CF card will be available in October for $300 MSRP.
[Via: SanDisk.com]
You must log in to post a comment.Just recently, I got caught out by a closure. A closure is a piece of code that can be ‘executed later’, while still retaining the environment in which it was created. A lot of developers mistakenly think anonymous delegates, like lambda expressions, are by definition closures. They can be, but don’t have to (and usually aren’t).
I’ll illustrate with the actual code snippet that caught me out. Unfortunately, at my current client, I can’t make use of the excellent Visual Studio add-in ReSharper, which would have alerted me on this with a “Access to modified closure” warning.
foreach (string keyword in keywords) { ToolStripMenuItem keywordTsmi = new ToolStripMenuItem(text: keyword, image: null, onClick: (sender, e) => Clipboard.SetText(keyword)); keywordsTsmi.DropDownItems.Add(keywordTsmi); }
In this bit, I am filling up a context menu with new sub menu items, containing keywords that are copied to the clipboard when clicked on.
Obviously, this compiles just fine, and the submenu is correctly filled with all the distinct keywords. However, no matter which keyword you click, it would always copy the last keyword in the list. With this functionality being not-very-much-in-your-face, it slipped through (user) testing. I’ll be the first to admit we need more unit tests 😉
The solution is dead-simple:
foreach (string keyword in keywords) { var keyw = keyword; ToolStripMenuItem keywordTsmi = new ToolStripMenuItem(text: keyw, image: null, onClick: (sender, e) => Clipboard.SetText(keyw)); keywordsTsmi.DropDownItems.Add(keywordTsmi); }
By assigning the value to a local-scope variable, the compiler will save a separate reference for each keyword, instead of only one that gets modified with each loop (hence the ReSharper warning). Because the latter is simply the standard behaviour when you use a delegate with a variable like that.High class apartment enjoys a location in Astana, just 2.7 km from Expo 2017 Astana and 2.7 km from Bayterek Monument. The property is 400 metres from Astana Arena and 800 metres from Alau Ice Palace.
The apartment includes 2 bedrooms and a kitchen with an oven and a microwave. A flat-screen TV is featured.
The apartment offers a children\'s playground.
Saryarka Velodrome is 800 metres from High class apartment....Stephanie Brown, executive director of the Asheville Convention and Visitors Bureau unveiled the new site March 21 at the Creative Sector Summit. Photo by Mica Mead courtesy of the Asheville Area Arts Council.
A free new Web portal, Asheville Arts Alive, launched March 21, aiming to help local artists connect with tourists and their dollars.
Details of the project, a collaboration between the Asheville Area Arts Council and the Asheville Convention and Visitors Bureau, were announced at the Creative Sector Summit, a three-day conference devoted to exploring and expanding the local arts industry. Tourists spend about $1.5 billion in Buncombe County every year, and organizers said they hope the new Asheville Arts Alive website will help funnel more of that money to local artists.
“The arts portal is an exciting project,” says Stephanie Brown, executive director of the Convention and Visitors Bureau. The organization is hosting the portal as part of its existing Exploreasheville.com site, which, each year, attracts 3.5 million users who use it to help plan their vacations.
The idea is for creative professionals and organizations to be able to post profiles and event information free of charge, directing potential new customers their way even before they set foot in town. The site allows qualifying members with free accounts to post a wide range of promotional information as well as photos, videos and social media content.
“This is a really fantastic thing that’s been in the works for a while,” says Kitty Love, executive director of the Arts Council. “Those profiles are like websites embedded into the system.” The more people and organizations that participate, the better an economic driver it will be, she adds.
Although Brown cautions that the site is still a work in progress, she says that artists are needed now to “put in content as its being designed.”
For more details and to apply for an account visit.
One thought on “The birth of Asheville Arts Alive: new web portal aims to connect artists and tourists”
Has the Asheville Arts Alive website actually launched, as the article states? The link given leads to ExploreAsheville. When will the website be online?
What ever happened to the Asheville arts website that Charlie Flynn-McIver was launching, with a large grant ($50,000?) from the Tourism Development Authority? Do these kind of combined website listings lead to ticket sales and sales of art? Is there any data about their effectiveness?A drawing of a German officer was recognized as an icon
"A small town of Yelabuga that is lost in the woods showed the whole world the most civilized and most humane perception of the International Convention for Human Rights." This is a line from baroness Sieglende Olhausen's letter, whose husband, baron Herg von Olhausen was a prisoner of the camp in Yelabuga.
In 1943 the town "greeted" fascist officers, who were taken prisoners during the Battle of Stalingrad. Their living in the camp was described in the book by officer Oggo Rhuele "My Recovery in Yelabuga." The officer wrote: "There were straw-stuffed mattresses on plank beds, woolen blankets and - I could not believe that – snow-white sheets. Everyday they gave us 750 grams of white bread. All sick prisoners were provided with necessary medicines." Tamara Grebenschekova, a camp's interpreter, said that it was really so, although it was the year 1943, and Yelabuga residents could enjoy only 400 grams of bread during a day.
Another book called "Stalingrad Madonna" by Martin Kruse, was based on the letters, which were written by another prisoner, officer and doctor Kurt Reuber. In December of 1942, on Christmas eve, he drew Madonna with a child on a Soviet map and hung the drawing in a bunker. It was written on the drawing: "Light, life, love, Christmas in a boiler, Fortress Stalingrad, 1942." Why did the German officer make that drawing at that period of the war? As it is known, the state of German troops left much to be desired by that time. Hitler's commands convinced Friedrich Paulus, the Commander of the 6th Army, not to capitulate, but to confide in the combatant value of German soldiers. Kurt Reuber: "But what was the combatant value of the 6th Army like until the beginning of 1943? Soldiers had only 25 cartridges a day for one person. Their daily ration was a piece of horse-flesh and 100 grams of bread." The newspaper Roter Stern wrote in 1943 that a German soldier died every seven seconds - either of hunger, exhaustion or cold.
The author of the book believes that Kurt Reuber was a Catholic priest, and it was his painting, which depicted Madonna with a child, that assisted in the capitulation of Paulus's army. That was a long-awaited event even for Germans themselves. Kurt Reuber died in the prisoner-of-war camp in Yelabuga on January of 1944. His Stalingrad Madonna drawing was recognized as an icon in 1990 in Great Britain. "Reconciliation and Forgiveness, Light and Life" - these are the words that are written on another variant of the drawing, which was made in 1943 on Christmas eve, in Yelabuga.
The book "Stalingrad Madonna" was published in Germany. A copy of the book arrived in Yelabuga as a gift for Tatiana Nechayeva, who worked as a chief doctor at the prisoners camp during 1943-1948. Baroness Olhausen wrote: "For compassion and kindness towards all German prisoners of war on behalf of all mothers and women of the world, to a kind woman Tatiana." The baroness called Tatiana the Stalingrad Madonna.
Tatiana Nechayeva graduated from the Kazan Medical Institute in 1941. She was a captain of the medical service. In 1952 she founded the anti-TB hospital in Yelabuga, where she worked until 1990. Tatiana is rewarded with the Red Flag Order and other medals, including a decoration "For the Victory Over Germany." Tatiana Nechayeva died in 1999.
She recollected: "Prisoners of war were brought to the camp in a horrible condition. They were dirty, exhausted, lousy, sick, they did not look like humans. It was hard to imagine that all those people felt conquerors just a few days ago." Doctors had to separate sick German soldiers from healthy ones, to wash and feed them, to cut their hair and give clean clothing to them. That was a very hard work to do, taking into consideration the fact that the camp experienced a strong lack of personnel. Doctors had to work 24 hours a day. In the beginning, German prisoners were rather cautious: they thought that they would be killed in the camp, so they did not want to go to a bathroom, sick officers did not allow doctors to make injections to them, they did not take drugs either. "Slowly but surely, but they changed their attitude to us. Doctors did not perceive them as prisoners of war, they perceived them as people, who needed help. In spite of the fact that we all suffered from the war, from Germans, we did not lose the feeling of humanity, we found strength in us to overcome the hostility against those, who caused so much trouble and grief to us," Tatiana remembered.
Prisoners chopped and prepared firewood to heat the camp in winter, they cleaned their rooms and cooked meals for the whole camp. "I do not remember, how much it cost for the USSR to maintain each prisoner. I can just say that prisoner's meals were a lot better in comparison with ours during the war. There was a committee at the camp, Liberated Germany, which was headed by anti-fascist Reichstag deputies Walter Ulbricht, Wilhelm Pik, and other German communists," Tatiana Nechayeva said.
"I am proud of living in Yelabuga," former prisoner of war German Rentsch said. Almost all prisoners were sent to their homeland in 1945-1946.
Gulnaz Ibragimova
AlWhy does butter temperature matter?
Butter acts like the ‘glue’ that holds together the other ingredients. Because of its structure, butter holds the key to the texture, aeration, and shape of cookies. Many cookies call for ‘creaming’ the butter and sugar together before adding dry ingredients. This ensures the butter will be distributed evenly throughout the cookie. For best results, creaming should be done for 2-3 minutes in most cases. Room temperature butter is best for this procedure. Avoid creaming butter and sugars together at a speed higher than medium. Too much friction will cause the butter to heat up and break down. For flaky cookies and many shortbreads you will need very cold butter. The cold butter globs settle between layers of flour and, when baked, melt leaving pockets of air which create layers and texture. For best results, cut butter into small cubes and place them in the freezer before starting dough. Consult the recipe and follow it closely.
Should you use paper or foil lining?
Lining baking sheets is one of the easiest ways to ensure the right type of baking and also makes for simple clean up. Parchment paper is the standard choice for most cookie baking, but it is not always the right choice. For thin cookies with a crispy bottom choose foil. Use the less-shiny side up in the bottom of your baking tray. The foil will radiate heat back up toward the cookie and non-porous nature of the foil will keep the fats near the bottom of the cookie creating a crispier bottom. In either case, allow the cookies to cool so you can peel them away from the liner if necessary. Tip: look for flat pre-cut parchment sheets at restaurant supply stores. They fit perfectly in pans and do not roll up on the ends.
Why does it matter how I cool my cookies?
It comes down to how long the cookies should continue to cook. For many standard cookies, which are somewhat soft on the inside and a bit crisp on the outside, cooling for just a minute or two on the tray before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely is the right answer. However other cookies, including many shortbreads, require cooling completely on the tray for best results. The additional contact with heat allows the cookie to cook more completely on the inside and creates a more sturdy bottom. As ever, consult the recipe and follow it closely.
How do I bake a baker’s dozen?
While baking cookies is a fun pastime, nobody wants to spend unnecessary time watching the oven. Using a baker’s dozen layout for your cookies will allow you to get more cookies done in less time. Plus, that leaves one extra cookie for the cook. Use the layout in the photo above. Start by placing the first ball of dough in the very center of the pan. Make a diagonal line from there across the cookie sheet with four more dough balls evenly spaced. Use those balls as the guide for the remaining rows of cookies.
Do I really need a cookie scoop?
The short answer is no. You don’t really need a cookie scoop unless you are making cookies that will be sandwiched together. However, if you want cookies to be of consistent size and shape it is the best way to ensure good results. Further, using a cookie scoop is often less messy than scraping from a spoon. Cookie scoops come in a wide variety of sizes. Pick up a few for differently sized cookies.
What’s the best way to measure flour?
Measuring flour properly is one of the most critical steps in consistent cookies from time to time. Also, improper measuring can result in a cookie that is too dry or tough. For best results use a scoop to gently shake the flour into your measuring cup. Then use a knife or offset spatula to scrape the flour level with the top of the cup. Tip: Although not commonly used in the U.S., the best method for measuring in baking is with a kitchen scale. For consistent results, measure ingredients from your recipe in grams. Make note of the measurements on the recipe for future reference.
Can I make cookies without a mixer?
You can and you should in many cases. The single most common cause for tough cookies is over mixing. The mixer is great for creaming together butter and sugars, but beyond that most cookies require very little beating. Dry ingredients and extras such as chocolate chips, nuts and dried fruit generally only need to be mixed just until the ingredients are incorporated. Of course, there are some exceptions.
Why do recipes call for refrigerating dough? Do I really need to do it?
The typical reason for this is two-fold. First, in some cases the flour needs time to work its magic. Secondly, and perhaps more importantly, refrigeration is often recommended to allow the butter to come back to a hardened state. Even if the recipe doesn’t call for chilling, consider chilling and bringing the dough back to room temperature before baking. Cookie dough that has been allowed to rest and chill overnight often has better flavor and texture.
How can I bake more cookies in less time?
It’s all in the rotation. If you are going to make many cookies consider purchasing at least four baking sheets. Tip: Standard professional, rolled-rim baking sheets are readily available at restaurant supply stores and often far less expensive than gimmicky ones sold in retail stores. For maximum baking production arrange your oven racks in the center of the oven. Place a tray on each rack and set a timer for about a quarter of the overall expected baking time. To estimate the time add 4-6 minutes to the baking time in the recipe as if you were only going to bake one sheet at a time. At the end of the first time, take the bottom tray out and place it on the stove, turning the front of the tray to the back. Remove the middle tray and put it on the bottom, also turning it around. Move the top tray to the middle and turn it. Place the tray on the stove top on the top rack. Continue setting the timer and rotating the trays in the same manner until they are done.This brave colour combination instantly cheers up any room.
Elements: orange and bright pink
Large pink tray, Dh74 at Galeries Lafayette
Small striped and orange trays, Dh59 at Galeries Lafayette
Orange and pink salad bowl by Zak, Dh129 at Galeries Lafayette
Orange and pink salad servers by Zak, Dh49 for set of two at Lafayette
Pink plastic tumblers, Dh22 at Zara Home
Pink ring-pattern cushion, Dh89 at ID Design
Orange, pink and brown flower cushion, Dh145 at Home Design
Fuchsia leather pouf, Dh649 from Cape Couch at Home Design
Take orange table lamp by Kartell, Dh494 at Galeries Lafayette
Bengale fabric in paprika by Manuel Canovas, Dh403 per metre, Hollands & Burton
Pink photo frame, Dh89 at ID Design
White garlic bulb vase, Dh398 at ID Design
Fuchsia and orange cushion, Dh49 at Galeries Lafayette
Crate & Barrel: Mall of the Emirates, Mirdif City Centre, Dubai
Galeries Lafayette: The Dubai Mall
Hollands & Burton: Al Manhal Building, The Shoreline, Palm Jumeirah
Home Design: Mall of the Emirates
ID Design: Al Wahda Mall, Abu Dhabi; Mall of the Emirates
The One: Branches in Abu Dhabi and Dubai
Zara Home: Branches in Abu Dhabi and DubaiA standalone console application used for mailing revisions to a selected list of email addresses upon commit. Plugs into the SVN post-commit hook. Provides similar functionality and formatting as CVSMailer.
Features
- Formatting in commit emails is controllable via the source code
- By default replicates formatting of the CVS Mailer
- Links in the email can be configured to point to a viewable repository like ViewVC
- Email subject can be dynamically edited to point to a TFS server for bug check-ins
CategoriesSubversion
LicenseApache License V2.0
Follow SVN Mailer
Other Useful Business Software
Advertisement
Rate This ProjectLogin To Rate This Project
User Reviews
Be the first to post a review of SVN Mailer!Download Moto Honda 1.7.5By: Honda - The Power of Dreams in Lifestyle
Moto Honda 1.7.5 is the Best Free Lifestyle by Honda - The Power of Dreams. Moto Honda version 1.7.5 is an APK apps which you can download for free here at apkoko.com.
Please be aware that here only share the original and free APK installer for echo Moto Honda APK for Android version 1.7.5 without any cheat, unlimited gold patch or any other modifications.
Disclaimer
Moto Honda version 1.7.5 is the property and trademark from Honda - The Power of Dreams, Moto Honda 1.7.5 APK for Android...Free App is NOT wrapped with malware or ad-based installers. Please be aware that apkoko.com only share the original and free APK installer for Moto Honda 1 Honda App ( APK file for Android: 82.05MB)
1. Click step 1 to check file before download
2. Click step 2 to get APK file
3. Click step 3 to save file and finish your download.
3 Months Administrative Assistant (Somerset/ASAP)-J01
jobsDB Ref. JSG400003003437808
Employer Ref. 6241469
Responsibilities:
Interested applicants please email your resume in confidence to: [email protected]. Please include the position applied and J01 for in the subject header.
- Managing calendar of HOD and Directors
- Arranging travel - booking air tickets, accommodation and prepare documentation for approval
- Booking of meeting rooms and video conference
- Order catering, drinking water and office stationery. Arrange courier for packages when required
- Admin activities - supporting HOD etc.
- Other ad hoc duties – eg. Data entry for raising POs and Invoices
Requirements:
- Min Nitec Holder in any discipline
- Min 2 years’ experience in admin support
- Candidate available in short notice preferred
We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidate will be notified.Kesha, who recently recovered from bulimia, ws seen leaving her New York City hotel with pink hair and her boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter on May 29, 2014. It is being reported that the couple initially met through Kesha’s hairstylist, who is dating Brad’s friend. Photos: FameFlynet.
Kesha Steps Out Looking Strong In New York City With Pink Hair And Boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter“Drop In” Visitors At Work
Today we will re-visit a topic I spoke briefly about in my October 26, 2009 post Managing Your Time Better.
Drop in visitors are one of the 20 time wasters that Alec Mackenzie wrote about in his book The Time Trap. Click on the link below to see a flow chart for how to deal with people who drop in your office for “just a minute” and then derail your productivity for much longer than a minute.
Flowchart for drop in visitors
If you are not good with flow charts, you might prefer to see the 4 responses to drop in visitors in writing:
- 1. Handle their question – if truly brief or a legitimate emergency.
- 2. Schedule time to meet with them later.
- 3. Refer them to another resource or person.
- 4. Encourage them to develop their own solution (are you their crutch?)
Some tactics (dirty tricks?) to try to deal with the drop in visitor:
- Stand up immediately as if you were walking out and go anywhere and led them out of your office. This will give you a natural opportunity to reschedule. Then go back to your office as soon as it is “safe”.
- Cut yourself short after a couple of minutes by saying “oh I just remembered I have to do…” or “I can see this is going to take a little more time than I can spare” then reschedule when it works for you or suggest someone else to ask or for them to try to do it on their own.
- Postpone and reschedule for a short time later at their office. That way you are in more in control and can leave when your ready if it becomes too lengthy. It is much easier leaving their office than trying to tactfully get someone out of your office.
- Set a time limit at the very beginning and stick to it.
- Help bring the discussion to a close by using a foreshadowing phrase such as “one more thing before we are done…”
- If all else fails, hide. Find an empty office or an out-of-the-way place in the office and work there. This also helps to establish a planning time and takes care of the phone and E-mail as well.
- Some of the suggestions don’t effectively deal with the problem but at least will minimize it. The best approach is to plan your day with blocks of planning time for your top priority work and schedule to respond to interruptions like Phone, E-mail and drop in visitors at times that are convenient for you throughout the day.
Have a good, productive week free of drop in visitors.
AdvertisementsOpting out
This page contains information for members who joined from Pension Choice Form (APP5 DC)
(78kb) . If not, you can change your cost plan from 1 April by completing Change of contribution tier (APP6 DC)
(63kb) before the end of March.
Please use the OSPS Calculator after:
- A tax free cash sum and a further amount you could take as a lump sum (taxable) or convert to an annuity.
- Significant employer contributions.
- Ill health cover if you can no longer work.
- Death benefits for your family.
- Depending on your employer, you may lose the opportunity to join the scheme again.
Opt out forms
If you still wish to opt out, you will need to complete one of these opt out forms:
- Application to withdraw from OSPS (while in pensionable service) (OPT2 DC)form
(146kb) – if you have been in the scheme for at least one month.
If you work for the University please send the form to the Pensions Office. If you work for a college send the form to your college Accounts Office.
Please note that if you have been in the scheme for more than one months you have to give 28 day's notice. You will leave the scheme at the end of the pay period in which that 28 day's notice expires.0640: I drag myself out of bed and scrape together some work clothes. Today would be a good day to get some swimming in before work.
0705: Idling outside Porter Square, the temperature gauge on my car begins to rapidly climb to red again. Sighing, I review the service stations I know of near my office. I can’t think of a closer one than the Toyota dealership.
0730: I leave the car with service advisor Ashok, giving him my contact info and letting him know what happened (white smoke on Sunday, rapid overheating, added antifreeze but no good). He promises to call me. I walk the few blocks back to my office, noting VIP Auto, a service station even closer to where I work.
1020: My cell phone vibrates in my pocket during the weekly status call. I gently lay my hand over it to still the vibration; it gets a bit quieter. Nobody notices, or at least no one calls me on it.
1116: Man, that meeting went long. I give Ashok a call back. He wants to replace the radiator, the thermostat and the temperature switch, all for a mere four figures. Choking a little, I quiz him on the circumstances to make sure he’s not bullshitting me. “I only noticed this failure on Sunday,” I told him. “Is this the sort of thing that’d be likely to fail suddenly, or could it have taken a while?”
Keeping him talking, I quickly Google “toyota camry radiator” and find out what it costs wholesale.
1140: I get some lunch to help me think straight. Casa de Pedro caters a free lunch for the occupants of our building. I get some salty beef and grilled chicken and think awhile.
1225: I walk into the Toyota dealership and ask Ashok for a copy of the work order. I look at the tech’s hastily scribbled notes. “Can I get a copy of this?” I ask.
“We’ll spell it out before you sign the work order.”
“No, I mean, can I get a photocopy of this?”
“Sure, sure. I’ll have them list it all out for you.”
“No, I … never mind.” I pull a sheet of legal paper out of my bag and begin to jot things down. Chastised, Ashok vanishes and returns with a photocopy of the tech’s notes, which I pocket.
“Okay,” I said. “I’ll just take the car with me now.”
1302: I roll into VIP Auto. It’s a slow day, so all the techs are hanging around the service counter. “Jim?” I ask. “Hi, it’s Professor Coldheart. We spoke on the phone.”
“Yeah, with the Camry?”
“Right. I got a quote from the dealership on replacing a radiator, which is why I’m here.”
Jim chuckled. “Let’s take a look.”
1550: Jim calls me. Final verdict: 50% of what the dealership asked, including a transmission flush.
# # #
I’ve probably read the words “what would you do if you knew you could not fail?” a dozen times in my life, but I didn’t decide to start living them until very recently. And this is what comes of it. I know taking my car to a service station instead of a dealership is fairly picayune. But I used to be the kind of person who would easily get browbeaten into paying for the dealer’s extras – just because my car was there already – and then grumble about it later.
# # #
Update: I go to VIP to pick the car up this afternoon. “Can you get the tech who worked on it?” I ask as I’m paying. “I’d like to pop the hood and see what he did.” Sure enough, the tech comes out and points to the new radiator and new hoses.
I drive the car around a few blocks just to make sure the temp climbs to a reasonable level (it does). Then, gritting my teeth, I park it in the VIP lot again.
“The Check Engine light’s still on,” I tell them. The tech blinks once, then interrupts a conversation between two other employees to toss a reader at one of them. “Could you have them reset his Check Engine light?” he asks.
In a Season 2 episode of The Office, Pam orders two beers while at a bar with coworkers. She takes a sip of one as she turns away from the bar, frowns, and makes like she’s going to keep walking. Then she pauses, deliberately setting herself, and turns back.
“I’m sorry,” she tells the bartender. “I ordered a Sam Adams Light.”
For the first time in years, I’m conscious of how deeply I’ve ingrained the “don’t make a fuss / don’t start a scene / don’t be an asshole” mantra. It manifests from lingering issues with self-confidence, I suspect. And there’s no place I feel less confident than at a service garage. I know so little about cars and the stakes are so high – thousands of dollars, sometimes.
Hell with it. I’m tired of swallowing all that venom.357 resources from source NHS Improvement ×.
A range of case studies from both ECIP and non-ECIP systems. If you wish to share examples of good practice and innovation, please contact your ECIP cluster lead or visit the ECIST Network.
Part of: ECIP - case studies
Discover the link between mortality and patient flow, and the key to improving flow, quality and productivity.
Part of: Developing the national tariff
The Five Year Forward View aims to give people access to more integrated care and support a more efficient service. Changing the way we pay for services delivered through new care models is a key enabler in delivering this integration and efficiency.
Part of: 'Breaking the cycle' to improve patient flow
Create an effective plan for your Breaking the Cycle week by following the 7 key priorities found in this practical guide.Sonny Software has issued Bookends 13.0, a major upgrade for the reference management tool that updates its database engine and resolves a longstanding problem with improper rendering of large PDFs. The release adds support for importing references and PDFs with annotations from Papers 3, adds PDF quick links that enable you to jump back and forth between references and their PDFs, adds support for scanning Pages documents stored in iCloud, improves the speed of transferring PDFs from Bookends for iOS over Wi-Fi, saves fresh PDF before opening the PDF in another application, and now correctly remembers PDF scroll positions. The app is now 64-bit and requires OS X 10.9 Mavericks or later., 44.3 MB, release notes, 10.9+)
Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.
Bookends 13.0
editing experience, with annotations, Tables of Contents, and more
export options. For PDF reviewing, editing, signing, redacting and
exporting, PDFpen has you covered. <>
The Tidbits member discount code does not work... :(
Sorry! I'll check into it with them.
Turns out that Sonny Software had just brought up a complete new ordering system. They've now created a new coupon code and it's available on the Member Benefits page at (requires a TidBITS member login).
Thanks for looking into this, Adam; just to make sure: this does not apply to upgrades? (I tried the new code on the upgrade page, and it does not give a discount...)
No, it's only new copies, sorry!Description
Adapt.
Details
- 100% nylon fabric is durable, dries quickly, and is easy to wash and wear
- Two secure cargo pockets have Velcro® closures and a pull-tab for easy access
- Two back pockets hold keys, ID, and other valuables
- Fabric has a DWR finish to repel water
Materials
- Fabric Body: Mini Ripstop with DWR
Measurements
- Inseam: 11
- Apparel Fit: Relaxed
- Weight: 7.4 oz / 210 g- ?
Exercise and Your Heart
Another good reason for women to make exercise a regular part of their schedule. Physical activity may cut your risk for developing a type of irregular heartbeat — atrial fibrillation — as you get older.
Researchers included more than 81,000 women ages 50 to 79 in the study, which was published the Journal of the American Heart Association. At the start, all were asked how often they walked outside for more than 10 minutes and how often they exercised hard enough to break a sweat. After an average of 11 and a half years of follow-up, the most physically active women had a 10 percent lower risk of developing AFib compared to those who didn’t walk for at least 10 minutes once a week or engage in exercise to raise heart rate or break a sweat. Moderately active women had at least a 6 percent lower risk and those who engaged in strenuous exercise had a 9 percent lower risk. The researchers also found that the more obese the women were, the more they benefited from having greater degrees of physical activity.
They concluded that increasing physical activity levels may be an effective method for prevention of AFib in older women, especially those who are obese.
I’m Dr. Cindy Haines of HealthDay TV with news you can use for healthier living.- noun:
- A chloride having even more chlorine than other chlorides of the same element.
- A chloride having a higher proportion of chlorine than any various other chloride of the same compound or series.
- A chloride having a greater percentage of chlorine than just about any various other chloride of the identical compound or show.
- a chloride containing an unusually large percentage of chlorine
How would you define perchloride?At this point in the season your wife has probably left you, and you only get to see your kids on the weekends. But, there is good news, you can still tag that buck you have been after since early October. Here is how to tag that 130” buck that you have been telling your friends is 200 in the final weeks of the season.
Scouting
In December I try to scout two days and hunt one. Your best chance of shooting a buck in the late season is to search for the big herds on food sources. In the next few weeks try to locate fields that have spilled grain on them, or are just poorly harvested. At this point the deer are more skittish, so don’t stop driving when you see a big herd. I also focus on pressure and temperature changes even more these final few weeks. You will likely have fewer viable options now, so scout hard and hunt when the conditions are perfect.
Walking timbers with a muzzleloader at midday
If you don’t have permission to hunt the field that the deer are feeding in, it’s a better idea to stalk timbers with your muzzleloader or bow. I have shot a number of deer, including my biggest buck, by stalking creek beds. This strategy is best when there is snow because you can spot the deer more easily. Make sure to have the wind in your face and sneak along the back sides of slopes warmed by the sun. Take shooting sticks and hunt alone. I find when I walk timbers alone deer almost always stop to make sure it was in fact a human walking the creek. When we walk in pairs the deer often never stop. I will walk at a fairly quick pace if it is quiet, which usually means when the snow is freshest and hasn’t developed a layer of ice. This strategy tends to be best when the weather is the worst. Wind offers some background noise and deer are less likely to be on their feet when you come sneaking through if the snow is falling hard in the middle of the day.
Gearing up for the cold
Even with effective scouting the late season often becomes about sitting in the stand for long hours in the cold. At this point gear can make or break you. Plan strategies to stay out of the wind. A hay bale blind or any enclosed blind works great in the late season. Bibs offer more protection from the wind. It is surprising how much warmer you are when the wind doesn’t cut through your waistline. Also, don’t’ wear your boots too tightly. If you have too many pairs of socks on or have your laces cinched down your feet will lose circulation and your feet will be colder than if you had worn only one pair of socks.
Practice up
Deer are going to be more finicky after shotgun season. This means your shot will likely be longer than it would have been during the rut. So practice a few long shots with your bow in the cold every day. And be sure to practice with the face mask you will wear in the late-season. If you use a muzzleloader don’t count on it remaining accurate since the summer, muzzleloaders are more finicky than rifles when it comes to staying sighted in. Lastly, consider dialing your bow back now if you struggle to shoot it in warmer weather. Good luck, Harrison.8100586CW7100
Range Kleen®
Specialty 3-qt. Multi Sauce Pan
Details
UPC: 0070775191470
$180.00
Additional Information
Make the most of your cooking experience with this pan..
- 3-qt.
- Stovetop safe; Oven safe up to 350 degrees
- Stay cool stainless steel handles
- Dishwasher safe
- Stainless Steel
- Domestic
Shipping Details
Shipping Details
This item ships directly from the vendor, usually within 4 business days. Shipping Details
Return Details
Returns are easy at belk.com. Easy returnsEven before my husband and I got married we knew that we wanted to adopt. We got married in 1995. We were busy enjoying our life together and were in no rush to start a family. When we did decide to start a family, we thought that we would start our family the “easy way” first. We soon discovered that I could not get pregnant.
Looking back, I feel like the desire that both of us shared to adopt was God’s way of leading us to his ultimate gift of our JJ (John Junior).
Our journey
Initially, we looked into foster care with hopes of adopting locally. It became clear quickly that foster care was not a good fit for us. Although we were understood that adoption is a slow process, we are not willing to take on the uncertainty that foster care to adoption presented. After much prayer and research, we choose to adoption internationally.
We chose Holt International as our adoption agency. Holt is an Oregon based agency that has offices around the world. Their goal is not only to match families but also to provide support for waiting children and their caregivers. Holt’s staff was amazing. They patiently walked us through all of the paperwork and didn’t mind that I had them on speed dial. We were initially enrolled in the China program, but due to a slowdown in referrals for waiting families, we switched to the Korea program.
The process was long and at time frustrating but I would not change one thing. All of the hurdles and paperwork lead us to our boy.
Our adoption timeline
- 5/14/07 Mailed application to Holt for the China program
- 5/2/08 Switched to the Korea program
- 6/10/08 Logged into the Korea program (we are officially in line now)
- 4/27/09 Received our referral
- 9/12/09 Traveled to Korea
- 9/14/09 Met our JJ and his foster family
- 9/19/09 JJ forever ours
On September 20, 2009, we had the pleasure of introducing our little man to his Grandpa and Grandmas and a few of our close friends. Coming down the escalator at the airport my husband looked like Rafiki presenting Simba on Pride Rock in the Lion King.
Our family has changed forever with our journey to JJ and we feel so blessed for God’s amazing gift. Nowadays our house is filled with laughter and lots of conversations about super heroes and Pokémon and I wouldn’t want it any other way.All Results for Alsabrooks
391 matches in 29 collections
Birth, Marriage and Death(66) see all
Census and Voter Lists(236) see all
Military Records(53) see all
Family History and Biography(1) see all
Local and General History(2) see all
Directories(27) see all
Land and Property Records(6) see all
Search Again
Try this: With soundex on the surnameNon-profit accounting software: A key tool for successful financial stewardship
Non-profit accounting software packages provide the tools to manage typical business processes such as writing checks, paying employees, and budgeting, while also addressing the fund-centric nature of non-profit accounting. Fund accounting functionalities let you to track records by a particular funding source, department, grant, or program. For typical non-profits such as health and human services organizations, schools, religious entities, community developer groups, foundations, associations, and special interest groups, the profit motive does not drive fiscal responsibility in the same way it does for commercial enterprises. For the non-profit, stewardship of funds and social impact are the key organizational goals. Non-profit software is adapted to this shift in focus from increasing shareholder value to promoting optimal financial stewardship.
Readable reports for funding sources
One of the unique requirements for non-profits is the need for reports designed for an audience beyond just accounting staff. Funding sources and boards need to be able to easily understand key financial information. The ability to communicate information about the impact of fund allocations is critical for non-profits looking to further their impact by securing funds for important projects and programs. Non-profit accounting software can provide reports documenting both past fund stewardship and its outcomes, as well as plans for future initiatives.
Predicting cash-flow
Another challenge for your non-profit organization is the unpredictable nature of funding. Funding in the form of endowments and grants is inherently less predictable than operating off of sales revenues, which is typically much easier to predict. Consequently, the importance of cash management is paramount for non-profits. Non-profit software provides you with the ability to easily see upcoming expenses, available resources, and encumbrances.
Ease of use and flexibility
Non-profit organizations often have a different model for financial responsibility than for-profit companies. The primary financial decision makers may even rotate on an elected or term basis. Further, many non-profits are staffed primarily by volunteers who may be able to work only intermittently as their schedule allows. The educational or professional backgrounds of non-profit accounting users frequently don’t include specific accounting training. With frequently changing user groups and users who may be unfamiliar with accounting software technologies, ease-of-use is a critical requirement for non-profit software.
Integrated software versus add-on modules
Many non-profits often consider adding non-profit functionality to an existing for profit packages. There are advantages and disadvantages to this approach. One the one hand, the immediate price tag may be considerably lower for just buying an additional module. On the other hand, the total cost of ownership may be much less over time for an integrated system. Adding a standalone, non-profit module to an existing for profit program typically requires customization and consulting services. Once the integration is set up, program updates may require additional work down the road. Also, sharing key data may be much more time-intensive if multiple databases need to be accessed. Rekeying data or taking the time to manually input data across systems can quickly incur labor costs that eat up the initial savings. Generally, an integrated system designed for non-profit accounting will provide the lowest total cost of ownership and best ease of use, but there are situations where it may be advisable to extend functionality through an add-on module. Most of the software providers who offer stand-alone modules also offer integrated options and can be of significant assistance in helping you determine what the best course is for your organizations.On May 25, 2011, Mexico's new Immigration Law was published in the Official Journal of the Federation and became partially effective as of May 26, 2011. This new law introduces the concept of "Status of Stay" (Condición de Estancia), which refers to the status assigned to a foreigner with intent to reside in Mexico, when the activities he or she carries seeks to carry out so allow, or to the status assigned to a foreigner allowed to reside in Mexico based on humanitarian criteria. Additionally, a residency card was introduced, which in certain aspects substitutes for the immigration documents that have applied to Temporary Visiting Non-Immigrants, Immigrants and Permanent Residents. The new law replaced the more than thirty statuses and characteristics provided by the General Population Law (Ley General de Población) that formerly categorized immigration status as non-immigrant, immigrant and permanent resident, with the following three large "Status of Stay" groups: (i) Visitor, (ii) Temporary Resident, and (iii) Permanent Resident. The new Immigration Law establishes that, in certain cases, foreigners who intend to enter the country must present one of the visas referenced by the new law. It is worth noting that none of these visas grant the right to work for payment, unless such visa states so. On the other hand, the new immigration law restricts the discretion of immigration authorities to refuse the issuance of visas, legal entry into Mexico or the presence of foreigners in Mexican territory. One of the fundamental values adopted in such immigration law is its respect for the human rights of immigrants – nationals and foreigners alike – irrespective of their origin, nationality, gender, ethnicity, age or immigration status. The new law is consistent with the equality between nationals and foreigners set forth in the Mexican Constitution, especially when it comes to the observance of their individual rights. Prior to entering Mexico, it is advisable to seek legal advice to determine applicable visa requirements, and if a visa is required, which type would apply,, including a determination of the correct status of stay that applies to each individual case.
Read more detail on Recent Business Law Posts –Legal notice about the New Immigration Law Immigration Law in Mexico?- Buy Used and Save: Buy a Used "Nikon 70-200mm f/2.8G ED VR II AF-S Nikkor Zoom Le..." and save 32% off the $2,099.95 list price. Buy with confidence as the condition of this item and its timely delivery are guaranteed under the "Amazon A-to-z Guarantee". See all Used offers.
Nikon 70-200mm f/2.8G ED VR II AF-S Nikkor Zoom Lens For Nikon Digital SLR Cameras
- Enter your model number to make sure this fits.
- HB-48 Bayonet Hood, CL-M2 Case
- Focal Length Range : 70 -200 mm, Minimum Focus Distance- 4.6 ft.(1.4 m)
- LF-1 Rear Lens Cap, 77mm Lens Cap
- 1-Year International Warranty plus 4-Year USA Extension
- Compatible Format(s) - FX, DX, FX in DX Crop Mode 35mm Film..
From the Manufacturer
This fast f/2.8 Zoom-Nikkor lens is perfect for sports, photojournalism and wildlife photography.
N.
Nano Crystal Coat
Further
Renders more natural appearance of out-of-focus image elements.
Internal Focus (IF)
Provides fast and quiet autofocus without changing the length of the lens, retaining subjectworking distance through the focus range.
Focuses to 4.6 feet
Close focusing provided throughout the entire zoom range for extended versatility.
M/A focus mode switch
Enables quick response to changing situations between manual and autofocus operation.
Flower-shaped lens hood
Included HB-48 lens hood--shades the objective from unwanted, image-degrading light.
Read about our customers' top-rated lenses and cameras on our review pages: Lenses, Digital SLR Cameras, Compact System Cameras
Customer reviews
Top customer reviews
There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.
The sharpness is to be seen to believe right down to the corners. The flaring and vignetting is controlled well. The Last word "Buy it if you can afford it" ... I bought this when it was 2611 USD incl of taxes and now the price is dropped and I am pulling my hair ... But no complaints, I know the lens is worth the money spent and it will recover for itself some day.
In comparison with our other Nikon “Trinity” Zoom 24-700MM F.28, at 70MM and the same apertures, the smaller sibling slightly won in sharpness, with all other performance aspects pretty much even.
In comparison with our Nikon Primes (85MM F/1.4 and 105MM F/2.8 Micro), while the Primes won in sharpness contests at similar focal lengths, two things stood out from our tests: (1) With the same shutter speeds, this Tele-Zoom came in within 1/3 F stop of the Primes : excellent light transmission capability, and (2) Colors of similar spots in pictures are within a few points of the Primes
(using the Color Sampler tool in Photoshop): exceptional color depth and vibrancy.
Just one minor point, a tripod may be a necessity, even with VR, for shutter speeds slower than 1/40 second.
Conclusion: Expensive but so worth it.
Before buying this lens, I kept asking myself why I needed to spend so much money on just a lens when all I do is take pics of animals at zoos. I think my heart skipped a beat when I hit the "purchase" button. But over a year later, I'm still so glad that I bought it.
This lens solved several problems for me that I was having with my 18-200 lens, which were soft focus, chromatic aberration, faster autofocus, edge-to-edge sharpness, and edge-to-edge brightness; and at f2.8, allows faster shutter speeds in lower light.
I've also used this lens on a D800E that I rented. Upon careful inspection in Lightroom, I could see a very small amount of light fall-off around the edges. So slight, that it's easy to miss and even easier to correct in software.
I was tempted to buy the 70-200 f4, but decided against it because I would lose a stop of light. Sure the f4 version supposedly has better VR, but what if you don't need VR? You're still stuck at f4.
With all this said, this lens is big and heavy. It's not a casual lens. You'll be the one accommodating this lens, not the other way around. It took me a few months to become fully comfortable using it and carrying it. I use a BlackRapid Strap (BlackRapid RRS-1BB Sport (RS-Sport) (Black)) to dangle the camera body and lens at my right side, lens pointing straight down.
Some side notes:
From my experience, this lens is waterPROOF, and so is the D7100. I got caught in a downpour here in Florida and the body and lens got drenched. The lens fogged up, the camera's viewfinder filled with water. I put the lens and camera in airtight containers with dehydrated rice for a few days and all the moisture was absorbed and both worked like new!
I've used this lens with and without an expensive clear filter. No difference in quality, so I leave it on. I'd rather have light "cleaning scratches" on the filter than on my expensive lens. Without the filter, I would have to resort to my cleaning kit and spend a lot of time carefully cleaning the bare lens. With the filter, I use my shirt!
For best auto-focus results, half-press the shutter button for a few seconds before taking the photo. This gives the VR time to counter the type of vibration it's experiencing in that particular situation.
Customer images
Painting by Lisa Orgler
Bacon, eggs, and buttered toast—the perfect sunrise combo. A hearty breakfast reminds me of vacations at the beach, camping in the mountains, lazy weekend mornings in my pajamas, and family. Sometimes, as I eat, I can still hear the sound of white diner dishes and cheap flatware clinking and clattering in the background.
I love this particular breakfast so much, I sometimes make it for dinner. It’s fast, it’s filling, and it’s really easy. Perfect for two, and a big hit with the kids. Thick sliced bread becomes a nest for a soft over easy egg, topped by a crisp circle of toast for dipping. And crispy bacon on the side . . . yum. Orange juice, milk, and heaven.
P.S. Thanks for painting one of my favourite breakfasts, Lisa. If you haven’t seen her illustrations at The Lunchbox Project, you really must. So original and cute!
Egg in a basket with a side of bacon.
Here’s how to do it:
- Cut the middle out of a piece of thick white bread with a round cookie cutter.
- Cook bacon until crisp and set aside.
- Melt a dab of butter in a frying pan on medium heat.
- Place bread in the pan, then crack an egg into the hole. This is your egg in a basket!
- Salt & Pepper the egg and let it cook until the white begins to set.
- Lift the bread and egg with a spatula, toss another dab of butter into the pan, and flip your egg basket over to finish cooking. Toast the bread circle in the pan at the same time.
When the toasty parts are golden and the white of the egg is opaque, you are well on your way to deliciousness.
I like my yolk runny, but the whites firm. If you want your yolk hard cooked, poke it with a fork and cook on both sides until the egg feels firm to the touch.
You might also be interested in Toad In A Hole.
Lessons Learned
- Dig out those cookie cutters and cut out fun toast shapes like stars or big flowers!
- The secret to perfectly crispy bacon is never take your eyes off it. Use medium heat (or a bit lower) and a cast iron pan. Turn it occasionally with tongs, and if the grease gets too deep, take out a few spoonfuls. As the bacon cooks, it will shrink and start to brown. Turn it more often, and take it out when it has browned well. It will crisp a bit as it drains.
Efficient Kitchen Tips
- Use just one pan! Make the bacon first, set on a paper towel to drain, and pour off the grease. Then wipe out the pan with the bacon towel (don’t rinse or wash it) and continue cooking.
- Please, don’t pour grease down your sink! You’ll regret it. Clean and dry a metal can (coffee tin or soup can) and use it to collect drippings. When the liquid solidifies, scrape it out in the trash (clean the can for reuse). Caution: varmints love bacon grease!
- You can save bacon grease to flavor other foods. Pour it into a clean metal or pyrex bowl, let it cool, strain it (if you want) into a small storage container and keep it in the fridge. A little bit goes a long way, and you can freeze it, too.
Here it is, the first of March & there’s freezing drizzle…making for crispy, crunchy snow. Think I’ll lift my spirits a bit more with this fun brunch…off to the kitchen I go!
P.S. Kudos on your Olympic Hockey Gold!!
Mmm… yeah i haven’t made this for breakfast in a while. Time to get cookin’ again! The game was awesome. I’m so glad it was an even match. Really exciting hockey, and the US looks good in silver. 😉
Oh, Curious…this was so yummy I fixed it two days runing. One with flat round wheat bread; next with an English muffin. Thanks!
I learned this in girl scouts – this will sound gross but it’s great – we fried the bread in the bacon grease instead of butter. (You pour some off first.)
I know. Unhealthy, but it’s amazing.
bacon is amazing . so are girl scouts 8)Oceanside just dropped its second of three gems. This park has been receiving rave reviews from everyone I have talked to about it, but don’t take my word for it, come out and skate it yourself once it is fully open. While you wait check out the photos from our personal mag-only skate sesh.Scripps Health Modernization Plan Includes New Hillcrest Hospital
Tuesday, November 7, 2017
Credit: Scripps Health
Above: The proposed makeover at Scripps Mercy Hospital in Hillcrest is shown in this drawing.
Scripps has unveiled a $2.6 billion master plan that includes the construction of three new hospitals and the retrofitting of two others.
It Is the largest building program in the health care system's 125-year history.
The most ambitious project will be a complete makeover of Scripps Mercy Hospital in Hillcrest. Plans call for replacing the existing facility with a 15-story tower.
The health care system will also build new structures on its campuses in La Jolla and Encinitas, and will earthquake-proof its main facilities at Scripps Mercy Hospital Chula Vista and Scripps Green.
In addition, the master plan includes a new outpatient center in Oceanside.
Scripps CEO Chris Van Gorder said an increasing number of surgeries are being done outside of hospitals.
“Health care’s changing pretty dramatically in that way," Van Gorder explained. "But the technology built in the hospitals is very different today as well as it was 50 years ago, from the private rooms to robotics and all sorts of efficiency technologies and safety technologies. So, it’s time for us to rebuild the system."
Construction is set to get underway in 2021. Scripps plans to finance the modernization program through a combination of revenue, bonds and philanthropy.
Want more KPBS news?
Find us on Twitter and Facebook, or subscribe to our newsletters.
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.Meaning of BYKI
What Does BYKI Mean?BYKI means "Before You Know It". The abbreviation BYKI means something will happen sooner than you might expect, or almost immediately.
Of note, "Before You Know It" is the title of a 2013 documentary looking at the lives and challenges of three gay senior citizens.
The phrase "Before you can say Jack Robinson" (which means the same as BYKI) originated in the 1700s. Not much is known of Jack Robinson, although it is believed he was someone whose visits were so short, he barely had time to be announced before he'd left again.
Summary of Key Points
Definition for BYKIBYKI means "Before You Know It". This is the most common definition for BYKI on Snapchat, WhatsApp, Facebook, and Twitter. Here is some more information about BYKI:
An Image for BYKIWhen I write BYKI, I mean this:
BYKI means something will happen faster than you think.
More...
Examples of BYKI in SentencesHere are examples of BYKI being used in conversations:
- Maria: Can we go to the shops?
- Nick: If you keep buying things you'll be broke BYKI.
- Tom: We've been going out with each other for eight years.
- Sue: So we have. BYKI we'll be engaged!
An Academic Look at BYKIBYKI is an idiom, a phrase or saying that is not taken literally, but often uses colourful or imaginative language to describe something or someone.
What Did We Used To Say?Before the digital era, we might have said something like "quicker than you think" instead of BYKI.
Follow @Cyberdefs
A Text with BYKI
Using BYKI on a Cell Phone (SMS Texts, Whatsapp, and Yubl)
BYKIThread: Improving through Isolation
- Join Date
- Sep 2003
- Location
- Washington DC. USA
- 7,949
- Style
- MMA
Pretty much the way we do it in MMA, though we never really think about it. I'll try and structure the isolation phase a little more for the n00bs.
The TKD class however.... I'm thinking of just making a CD full of Thorton vids and giving it to the head instructor.
Guy Who Pays the Bills and Gets the Death Threats
- Join Date
- Jun 1998
- Location
- Cow Town
- 19,216
-The past few years our company has been noticing a huge trend in the industry. Customers are transforming their office spaces from traditional cubicles and private offices into open concept and teaming areas.
The reason for this change is companies are finding that a more open and interactive environment can lead to better communication between employees and to better problem solving and innovation within the company. Large companies such as Google, Intel, and Cisco have all completely re-designed their offices based on this concept.
Cisco Offices - San Fransisco
Google offices
The core of any open-concept office is the ability for employees to move around in an environment that suits their needs during various tasks. To be able to gather team members informally, large or small, is key to the teaming and collaborative workspace concept.
Impact Office has numerous open concept products such as teaming workstation like Evolve, Bridges II, and Voi. We also have comfortable and open seating with Flock, Sirena, and Citi. Huddle and Tucana tables can be moved and re-formatted depending on the amount of people and the type of collaboration needed. Standing desks are great for impromptu meetings and discussions between co-workers as well. If you feel that your company needs a change and are looking to create a more interactive work space come visit us, we have all the latest open concept products and our professional sales staff can help you plan this office transformation from start to finish.Is this a disaster waiting to happen? Will Google penalize 1 site and all the rest on the same ip. I dont use domain privacy so it would be easy to see which sites are mine. Should I spread my domains over 2/3 different hosting accounts? Am I essentially putting all my eggs in one basket or am I just being a little paranoid?A map of St. Augustine, Florida, believed to be the earliest printed plan of a U.S. city, was sold at auction Thursday for $1.29 million (EUR 980,000) in a transaction that also included four other charts dating to the 16th century.
The maps included in the bound "Atlas of England and Wales" were sold to an anonymous bidder on the telephone during a Sotheby's auction in London. Sotheby's officials had predicted the sale could bring between $990,000 (EUR748,525) and $1.38 million (EUR1.04 the island and a large fort across the river. It also depicts infantry troops attacking the Spanish settlement.
The fort was one of a series of wooden strongholds that guarded St. Augustine before construction of the coquina Castillo de San Marcos, which was built in the late 17th century and is still standing.
The maps were bound together in a copy of the first printed "Atlas of England and Wales" by Christopher Saxon, the father of English cartography.
The maps come from the library of the Earls of Macclesfield and were the last known to exist in private hands.
The maps also contain the first printed appearance of any American natural history subjects. Among the drawings are a lizard and crocodile. They are based on drawings of John White, the official artist and governor of the first English colony on Roanoke Island, North Carolina, reports AP.
Printed between 1579 and 1590, the hand-colored volume has remained almost untouched for more than two centuries. Adding to the rarity of the atlas is the fact that it includes an engraved portrait of ElHyderabad: The Bharatiya Janata Party said it suspects serious corruption within the Telangana State Public Service Commissioner (TSPSC) and believes that it has become a chronically mismanaged arm of the government.
“The high court has on 12th June stayed the selection process for 1034 posts that TSPSC notified and had conducted a recruitment test. There are serious irregularities in the entire selection process, which came to the fore with a petition on the same.
The commission has violated its own guidelines, which it had stated before the High Court in an earlier case. It had listed few individuals who have been declared ineligible by court as eligible candidates despite they have been established to have tampered with the bar code and OMR sheets.
This is not the first such case, in reference to shady administration of TSPSC,” BJP Spokesperson Krishna Saagar Rao said in a statement on Tuesday.
The BJP leader said adhocism, tentative scheduling of tests, repeated postponements and cancellations of notifications have become the order of the day at TSPSC.
“BJP strongly recommends revamp of the TSPSC as this body is being mismanaged thoroughly and is exhibiting all signs of a corrupt organization,” he demanded adding that over 5 lakh young men and women in Telangana State were being affected directly by the mismanagement of this recruitment body.
BJP also demanded a probe by a Special Investigative Team to look into the irregularities, nepotism and corruption in TSPSC. It is important that bodies like this function professionally, independently and free of corrupt practices, he said. (INN)!
reading the last couple of dozen posts on this thread...tape appeared on my glasses, and I acquired a lisp. I used to have a lot of comics, but you guys are on another level.
Colin: I shouldn't have laughed at that ... but I did :)
FOZZIE BEAR OMG..
Trivia: Fozzie bear was voiced by Frank Oz, The voice of Yoda.
BookmarksHow are YOU spending your Sunday? I hope you are making it a great day…
As for me, I’m prepping this week’s snacks and lunches. Last week I saw a difference on the scale, in how my jeans fit, and how I felt overall… Time to keep the momentum going!!!
Have a great week!
Advertisements- Company Description
- Key Figures
- Contact Details`
Greetings!!! From ENGINEERING CONTRACTING CO. This is me A.Nazeer Ahamed Khan, from ENGINEERING CONTRACTING CO. I would like to proceed with our our quotation, specification & company profile. We ENCC are delighted to introduce ourselves as an Engineering firm offer services in Engineering Design, Project Management, Construction and Electrical works. We provide end-to-end engineering and consulting services for all phases of project development We have attached the copy of the brief presentation about our organization, for your reference. If you come across any requirements for your organization in the area of Enterprise Solutions and Services areas (listed below), please do let us know, we would be glad to work with you and support your organization, as required. As an organization, you would benefit from the End to End Enterprise and Mid Business Solutions Offered. ENGINEERING CONTRACTING CO, well backed by our Customer Focused Support in terms of Consulting, Implementation, and Maintenance Services. Please feel free to be in touch with us for any support from our end, we would be glad to work with you and support your organization, as and when required. Thanks a lot for your Encouragement and support. Best Wishes!!!Sameer Hinduja, Ph.D. and Justin W. Patchin, Ph.D.
Cyberbullying Research Center.
Cyberbullying Fact Sheet
STATE DETAILS
Alabama
The Alabama Student Harassment Prevention Act ‐ HB 0216
PDF ‐
Schools must develop policies to help with harassment, includes electronic forms of bullying; “punishment shall conform with applicable federal and state disability, antidiscrimination, and education laws and school discipline policies.”
Alaska
House Bill 482 (2006): Sec. 14.33.200. Harassment, intimidation, and bullying policy. (a) By July 1, 2007, each school district shall adopt a policy that prohibits the harassment, intimidation, or bullying of any student. The policy must also include provisions for an appropriate punishment schedule up to and including expulsion and reporting of criminal
SB 719 (Bullying Prevention for School Safety and Crime Reduction Act of 2003); Chapter 828. policy:
“Colorado has no official anti bullying law. Colorado State Lawmakers chose a “Legislative declaration” and creation of Policy. Policy can be as good as law.” – From bullypolice.
School Districts are required by law to adopt a written conduct and discipline code relating to the discipline, conduct, safety and welfare of all students enrolled in the public schools of the District. Section 22.pdf.
Nothing mentioned other than under (h) identify consequences must be met for bullying actions; up to the school toB2094.DOC:. If any child of school age engages in bullying or cyberbullying, the child, and the father, mother, or legal guardian, shall be fined not more than $100 for each separate offense.
Idaho
H.B. 750, “Jared’s Law”: Student who personally violates any provision of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor; possible suspension or denial of school attendance;
Illinois
S.B. 3266 (2010) (105 ILCS 5/27‐13.3, 5/27‐23.7, 5/10‐20.14);.
“105 ILCS 135/1‐2 (2008) defines harassment through electronic communications. The definition includes “making any obscene comment, request, suggestion or proposal with an intent to offend,” and “threatening injury to the person or to the property of the person to whom the electronic communication is directed or to any of his family or household members.” Violation of the provisions of the statute will result in a class B misdemeanor.”
H.B. 6391: Beginning with the 2010‐2011 school year, a school district must include in the age‐appropriate curriculum topics devices, including, but not limited to, the risks and consequences of dissemination and transmission of sexually explicit images and video. The age‐appropriate unit of instruction may be incorporated into the current courses of study regularly taught in the district’s schools, as determined by the school board. Nothing about the actual penalty other than it is up to the school.
Indiana
HB 1276: Amends the definition of “bullying” to include communications transmitted from an electronic;
Kentucky
525.080
Chapter 125, H.B. 91; Communicates, while enrolled as a student in a local school district, with or about another school student, anonymously or otherwise, by telephone, the Internet, telegraph, mail, or any other form of electronic or written communication in a manner which a reasonable person under the circumstances should know would cause the other student to suffer fear of physical harm, intimidation, humiliation, or embarrassment and which serves no purpose of legitimate communication. Punishment is a Class B misdemeanor.;; Each local board of education shall be responsible for formulating a code of acceptable behavior and discipline to apply to the students in each school operated by the board.
Louisiana
H.B. 364, Act 230;
H.B. 1458; School board may charge fee to attend conflict resolution class/es, not to exceed $100; Provides relative to cyberbullying and student codes of conduct adopted by local school boards, not passed for all School before or by August, 1, 2010..”
SP035501: Current law requires each school board to adopt a policy that addresses injurious
hazing. This bill defines “cyberbullying” as injurious hazing by any verbal, textual or graphic
communication of any kind effected, created or transmitted by the use of any electronic device, including
but not limited to a computer, telephone, cellular telephone, text messaging device and personal digital
assistant. Punishment is up to the School Board.
Maryland
H.B. 199, 2008 Code §7‐424, 7‐424.1 Bullying, Harassment and Intimidation;; Up to the schools to establish policy for punishment.
Massachusetts
S.B. 261 (S2323);; Each school district, commonwealth charter school and non‐public school shall provide to all school staff annual written notice of the bullying prevention and intervention plan. The faculty and staff at each school shall be trained annually on the bullying prevention and intervention plan applicable to the school. Relevant sections of the bullying prevention and intervention plan shall be included in a district or school employee handbook. Define clearly what cyber bullying is and how severe it can be on schools.” means the communication of any written, verbal or pictorial information through the use of an electronic device, including, without limitation, a telephone, a cellular phone, a computer or any similar means of communication. Section 7 of this bill requires each school district to adopt the policy for inclusion in its policy on the provision of a safe and respectful learning environment;; penalty of misdemeanor.‐388.html#NRS388Sec123
New Hampshire
Starts July 1, 2010
2000 N.H. Laws, S.B. 360; HB 1523; Creates the Pupil Safety and Violence Prevention Act. Requires local school boards to adopt a pupil safety and violence prevention policy that addresses bullying and provides technical assistance. Requires school employees to report any information regarding bullying behavior to the school principal and provides immunity to any school employee who makes such a report from any cause of action arising from a failure to remedy the reported incident.:10 added. Takes effect beginning July 1, 2010.
The school board of each school district shall adopt a written policy prohibiting bullying, harassment, intimidation, and cyberbullying. A school district shall involve, to the greatest extent practicable, pupils, parents, administrators, school staff, school volunteers, community representatives, and local law enforcement agencies in the process of developing the policy. To the extent possible, the school district policy should be integrated with the school’s curriculum, discipline policies, behavior programs, and other violence prevention efforts.;
S.B. 526;
North Dakota
No state policy specifically addressing schools. However Code 12.1.17‐07 (2009) makes harassment via phone, in writing or via electronic communication a Class A misdemeanor.
Ohio
H.B. 276 ;
S.B. 126 (pending); Require a board of education to adopt a policy that prohibits bullying by electronic means, to require a school district’s harassment policy to address acts that occur off school property but materially disrupt the educational environment of the school, to require a school district annually to provide training on the district’s bullying policy for
Oregon
H.B. 2637, 2007: Oregon Revised Statutes §339.351, §339.356; specifically defines Cyber bullying unlike many other states. Does not have penalty other than up to the School District to decide, but an Act has been put into place that it is making Schools have a policy;
Pennsylvania
H.B. 1067, 2008: 24 Pennsylvania Statutes §1303.1 (2008).”
Vermont. The law passed is called the Vermont Bully’s Prevention Law;;.Question 1:
Show your working and answer here: I got ⅓ because you put ⅔ the half it and get ⅓
Question 2:
Show your working and answers here:
2a: Ms mataira has to spend $4 by buying four bubblegum
2b: Ms mataira has to spend $6 by buying six bubblegum
2c: Mr smith has to spend $9 by buying nine bubblegum
Question 3:
Show your working and answer here: There was six tiles if he got it right the first time he would have only had to do it once.
What is you next step? 1/6
Finally, add the screenshots from the 3 IXL activities you did here:A raid
of birds
cannibalizes blue poppies,
dancing on fountain waters,
like a hailstorm on a pond.
Brain roots
diving fierce
overgrow the earth’s core—
sparkling cool synapses—
colonies of earth worms.
Laughing winds
flow green
through chatter city-forests
bouncing in bone-brick homes:
pillow memories afloat.
Black cloth
layered fresh
with grey-erasers rain,
drumming a quiet tone—
like an audience of clapping infants.
Crown saints
urinate
diamond prophecies—
dance on wood-decks in flames
of their quiet demise.You have until Feb 1, 2018 to return or exchange items bought after Nov 1, 2017. All other standard return policy
Now Viewing:
Product Highlights
You Pay: $1,447.00
Manage and display digital signage content with the LG SuperSign LX540S Series 65"-Class Full HD Commercial Display. This model has a 65"-class edge-lit LED display and features a Full HD 1920 x 1080 native resolution for viewing detailed high-definition content. The featured 350 cd/m² brightness output showcases this monitor's ability to perform in well-lit rooms. The LX540S also includes free SuperSign.Divine Office heads to Dallas for the Catholic New Media Conference, August 29-31
Divine Office will be traveling to Dallas for the Catholic New Media Conference (CNMC), an annual event organized by the non-profit organization, SQPN. This will be the 3rd year in attendance for Divine Office while this year marks the 5th annual CNMC event to date. The Catholic New Media Conference is an event, which was started in support of bringing the networking, and learning opportunities that technology enables as a means for bringing Catholic news, and resources to the Catholic community. Those that attend the conference are a vast and notable collective, as members of the Catholic faith, who make it their mission to support, and deliver resources in the interest of Catholics everywhere. The event includes Catholic writers, bloggers, church organizers, ministries, news sources, publishers, software developers, parishes, charities, and other Catholics, and their organizations supporting this community.
This year will be a special occasion for Divine Office as our very own, Dane Falkner, founder and creator of DivineOffice.org, will be presenting in a new lecture being offered discussing the uses and the advantages of bringing Catholicism and technology together. Because this technology is what the Divine Office ministry was founded upon, the purpose of this event is a chance to learn and share with others what we hope to continue. More specifically, as times change the coming together in knowledge, prayer, worship, and devotion become increasingly important, and that the tools for doing so remain available to everyone. We have been blessed with this ability through the use of technology as a means to reach Catholics everywhere, to pray together, and be a resource. We want to continue our mission, which is why we are excited to be participating in this year’s, Catholic New Media Conference.
The rest of the Divine Office team would like to thank Dane for his knowledge in both faith and technology, and for presenting on behalf of Divine Office at this year’s conference. We hope you’ll join us in wishing him the best of luck as we support him at the Catholic New Media Conference (CNMC) of 2012.
Have a story about how technology has helped you in your daily devotion as a Catholic today? We would love your comments…Staying Focused on the Fundamentals
It’s been yet another mixed quarter for credit, with investors unsure how to treat the new lower prices of oil and other commodities, new quantitative easing in Europe, and a new, controversial, diplomatic opening to Iran amidst rising instability in the Middle East. If history is any guide, such an unsettled environment should produce interesting opportunities for those who keep their heads and focus on the fundamentals.
A foundation of the “Efficient Market Hypothesis” is that equity prices are determined by the discounted value of future streams of dividends. Economics Nobel Laureate Robert Shiller challenged this assertion comparing a time series of discounted future dividends, computed with perfect foresight, to the corresponding time series of actual stock prices. In a simple, yet remarkably convincing way, he shows that the volatility of observed stock prices is much higher than can be explained by actual known fundamentals, as described by fluctuations of discounted dividends.1 In the fixed income markets, there exists an equivalent result that has been internalized in our investment process. Credit spreads “should” be determined by the default risk embedded in non-Treasury issuers; however, as the chart below shows, the level of credit spreads and their volatility greatly exceed the compensation required to cover default losses. This “credit spread puzzle” does not only manifest at the level of market averages but at the security level as well. Indeed, when spreads attached to an issuer we consider strong seem too high and volatile, we are willing to challenge the market’s view with our own.
The proper reaction for rational investors, as Shiller points out, is to form expectations carefully and not revise them so quickly. The real world unfolds less dramatically than market price reactions. As you think about the price fluctuations over the past 12 months, particularly in interest rates and energy prices, it pays to bear this in mind.
Long U.S. Treasury rates rallied persistently in the first quarter, with 5-year maturity yields down 27 basis points to 1.37% and 10-year maturity rates down 24 basis points to 1.93%. We continue to believe that U.S. Treasury rates offer little in the way of downside protection in a normalizing rate environment. In our view, the continuing rally reflects a global dearth of high quality yields. It is staggering to us to see U.S. sovereign yields, from 3 to 30 years, not only higher than Japan and German sovereign bonds, but 50 -140 basis points higher than Euro-denominated sovereign issuance from France, Italy, Ireland, and Spain! These new quantitatively-eased sovereign rates may keep a lid on long U.S. Treasury yields for some time, but even steady progress toward Fed-engineered rate normalization can eat into bond returns significantly.
It’s been a tough 12 months for Corporate credit, the first bear market in credit since 2011. Eight of the last 12 months produced negative returns to credit, and over the last 12 months, Citibank’s rate-hedged investment grade Corporate bond index2 returned minus 1.6%. The comparable High Yield index3 lost 3.0%. In such a relentlessly negative context, we are pleased that our hedged credit portfolios are up slightly over the last year. Flights to quality are a huge headwind for our credit-oriented bias, and we are pleased to have limited the downside of a difficult market.
If you were to look at our holdings as compared to the widely-used Barclays Capital Aggregate Index, our portfolios are modestly underweight corporates, while substantially overweight credit in general, thanks to large positions in Asset-Backed Securities (ABS) and Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (CMBS). We hold substantially less in U.S. Treasuries and Agencies than the Aggregate Index, and would show up as dramatically underweight Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBS), which we view as ridiculously overbought. This has been our bottom-up positioning for some time, although our Corporate bond exposure was quite a bit higher two years ago, when valuations were more attractive. Starting in 2013, we found good values in CMBS even as our Corporate bond investments decreased. Our overall exposure to credit vs. U.S. Treasuries has detracted from returns over the last year, but our exposure to better-performing areas within the credit universe has helped cushion the downside. We continue to believe that credit oriented strategies will outperform as long as we stick to our valuation discipline for each investment.
Within the first quarter credit performance was erratic, with excess credit returns versus equal duration U.S. Treasuries quite negative for January, positive for February, and mixed in March. Cumulatively over the quarter, investment grade credit produced excess returns ranging from negative
18 basis points for triple-A credit up to positive 18-21 basis points for triple-B and single-A credit. CMBS outperformed Corporate bonds again, with excess returns of 40 basis points, High Yield bonds produced 1% excess returns, and Loans topped the charts again with over 2% excess returns (more on that below). All of High Yield’s returns came in the higher double-B and single-B grades, plus loans, where all of our below investment grade credits reside.
In general, our Core and credit-oriented accounts underperformed in January, and despite a strong February and March we are still behind benchmarks slightly for the quarter.
All these gyrations leave investment grade and High Yield spreads 30-100 basis points wider, respectively, than they were in June of 2014, when the credit rally came to an end. ABS and CMBS held in better over the same period, with spreads widening only 10 basis points. Despite credit’s persistent lag, pricing hasn’t moved enough, outside of energy and commodities, to make many Corporate obligations newly attractive. In 2014 we had difficulty finding good value in Corporate bonds (Both investment grade and High Yield), but were able to find some bargains in ABS, CMBS, and Loans. While these markets still offer better pricing, we find ourselves with fewer opportunities at our “Buy” levels. Most of our investments are moving around in our “Hold” zone, not cheap enough to buy more, but not rich enough to sell completely.
Loans topped the sector excess return charts at 2.13% for the quarter. Unfortunately, Loans have become scarce and less attractive, thanks largely to a perfect storm of new and pending regulation, private equity competition and improving fundamentals. In the first quarter of this year, banks began to limit leveraged lending above a debt multiple of 6 times EBITDA. This was exacerbated by fierce competition among private equity investors, driving both valuation multiples and debt leverage higher. Meanwhile, some of the biggest loan issuers, such as Dell and Heinz, are poised for upgrade to investment grade, hastening their call over the coming year. Finally, Collateralized Loan Obligation (CLO) managers are facing expensive new capital regulations next year, releasing a torrent of new demand as CLO managers furiously push product out the door. This scarcity led to zero new loan additions to BBH portfolios in the first quarter and only one acquisition bridge facility (SS&C Technologies). Needless to say, our loans have more than held their value through the spread gyrations of the last three quarters, and they continue to provide an attractive spread plus an above-market LIBOR floor rate.
In other activity in the first quarter, we built positions in Franklin Square (A Business Development Company), Royalty Pharma (pharmaceutical royalties), Pfizer, Scentre Group (a REIT), Heinz, Selective Income Realty (another REIT), Scripps Interactive (media) , Credit Acceptance Corp (consumer lending), Actavis (Pharmaceuticals) Renaissance Reinsurance, and Canadian, New Zealand, and Australian banks. We reduced or sold out positions in Apple, General Motors, “Blue Wing” (a CVS lease securitization), One Beacon, Moody’s, Hospira, and Medtronic. Spreads in these dispositions were, on average, about two-thirds of purchase levels. Finally, we took advantage of weakness in Fairfax Financial bonds to extend our holdings.
Fairfax, Franklin Square, Royalty Pharma, and Selective Income REIT all stand out as triple-B rated bonds (some deserve higher ratings, in our view) with spreads ranging from 215-352 basis points, at a time when market-wide intermediate triple-B and double-B spreads average about 140 and 275 basis points, respectively.
On the structured front, we exited over a dozen positions for valuation reasons. We sold CMBS debt secured by the Ala Moana Mall in Honolulu, Hawaii, where spreads have benefited from a recent partial sale of the property that valued it at twice the 2012 level. We also reduced positions in seasoned Vitality Re insurance-linked notes and ABS secured by drug royalty streams, both of which have tightened substantially from purchase.
There have been several attractive purchase opportunities in the first quarter. In late January, Global Container issued ABS notes and One Main launched a personal consumer loan ABS transaction, both with note spreads over 300 basis points to U.S. Treasuries. We also participated in a two-year CMBS transaction, amply secured by a diverse portfolio of extended-stay Hyatt hotel properties.
Positive U.S. real wage growth and declining unemployment underpin the continued strong credit performance in consumer and commercial ABS collateral, tempered only by regulatory scrutiny in certain products. At low current rates, CMBS enjoys an unusually fertile refinancing environment, resulting in the highest rate of observed loan paydown since 2008, swift credit improvements in existing notes, and a burst of new bond supply.
Both our focus on valuation and our ability to move across sectors into structured and municipal credit have helped us protect downside in our client portfolios this past quarter. The continuing global search for yield is likely to pose further challenges for us in the coming quarters, and our approach will require patience and discipline. Nonetheless, we are confident that taking the long view and avoiding overreactions to today’s news continues to be the path to better fixed income investing.
Although oil industry credits make up only a small percentage of BBH portfolios, we continue to closely scrutinize both our holdings and potential opportunities. Oil prices are low and will certainly impact energy companies’ default risk, although many are hedged through mid-2015. But high yield energy spreads widened through mid-December and then settled down, even as the price of oil continued to drop. As oil prices retested their January lows in March, spreads remained stable.
The price action drowns the plodding pace of actual news on our holdings:
Petrobras has reorganized their board of directors, verifying the truism we offered last quarter about government scandals necessitating people-shuffling. The company has also obtained preliminary approval from Brazilian Securities Regulators for its proposed methodology of financial re-statement. We continue to believe that Petrobras will release its financial information before June, to the distinct relief of the company’s investors. Both Petrobras and Odebrecht bonds have rallied slightly from their January lows.
Pemex cancelled orders for new, uncontracted equipment and terminated or renegotiated expiring contracts on its very oldest equipment (from the 1970s). This news fell hard on Oro Negro, which operates several rigs for Pemex and is slated to take delivery of two more. Our high yield-eligible accounts own an Oro Negro bond collateralized by the very newest equipment, fully contracted and operational. The primary unknown is how Oro Negro will deal with its delivery pipeline and the influence that is likely to have on its continuing operations. Yet like Odebrecht, Oro Negro bonds have rallied slightly off their January lows.
Management of our energy-related credits have enhanced their communication to investors, and we’ve been impressed with the aggressive cost-containment efforts and capital expenditure cuts they have put in place to deal with potentially tough times ahead. For the most part, the effects of lower oil prices and curtailed exploration won’t show up in company financials until at least mid-2015, so it is good to see management adapt ahead of time.
In sum, the plunge in oil prices over the last six months has been accompanied by great volatility in energy credit pricing, but with little fundamental news that would cause a significant revision in our credit views. It’s another potent example for Mr. Shiller.
1 A more detailed analysis and discussion of these results is the subject of a forthcoming BBH commentary.
2 The Citi Corporate Investment Grade (Treasury Rate-Hedged) Index
3 The Citi High Yield (Treasury Rate-Hedged) Index.
Printed courtesy of – Contact the St. Michaels Maryland Business Association for more information.
PO Box 1221, St. Michaels, MD 21663 – (410) 745-0411 – info@stmichaelsmd.orgUPDATE: Road re-opened at around 4pm and traffic now cleared
HEAVY traffic is currently queuing all the way into Cirencester town centre following the sudden closure of the A417 this morning.
THE A417 between the Air Balloon roundabout and the Cowley roundabout was closed from 9.30am this morning after a serious crash.
British occupants of a French registered vehicle were taken to hospital, with the man being taken to Southmead by air ambulance with potentially life-threatening injuries. The woman was taken to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital by ambulance.
Three occupants of the other vehicle, a mother, father and daughter were also taken to GRH. None of the other injuries are believed to be life threatening.
Diversions were quickly put in place after the crash and traffic to Cirencester was urged to use the A436 to Severn Springs, then go right along the A435, and rejoin the A417 at Cirencester. Traffic heading the other way was told to do the same.
Despite this, traffic is backing up in Cirencester as motorists who were unaware of the diversion are turned around at the A417.
Traffic has been seen stretching all the way to London Road, and towards the town centre.
Anyone who saw the crash this morning should contact police on 101 quoting incident 98 of 02/07/15.
Last Updated:
Are you sure you want to delete this comment?Dear members,
Thank you, NarutoBase Staff
in chapter 453 madara says he needed negatos gedo rinn tensei jutsu i may have worked out why. i think his original intention was to compleate the ten tails and control it like he did with the nine tails makeing him powerful again. what he is doing the now i think what he is doing now is his effective back up plan to become a jinkuriki to gain acess to his chakra to control the shinobi world. his orginal plan was to use negatos rinn tensei to bring the ten tails back to life through the collected energys in the statue. so he could control it. since naruto has put a wrench in his plans. he has to seal it into himself to become whole as he says it.
what do u guys think?
but why would he only want to bring it to life when he has the option to put it in himself? if he brings it to life, he may be able to bend it to his will with his sharingan, but if he's the ten tails jinchuuriki, he'd be able to harness the power himself.. have advanced healing, limitless chakra.. i'd say it beats walking around with a giant ten tailed beast..
old, even though he can dissapear he might die.
So as we know nagato died due to exhastation,bringing back all soul after using chibaku tensei(plus the useless of shizune). so that could mean madara could have been revived before. One soul could waste so much chakra.
Madara probably wanted it as a life-assurance policy or perhaps he needed to die in changing to a body that could hold the Juubi's within himself. Nagato would then revive him into whatever body that is. It's a possibility
maybe he was trying to take a new body sorta like orochimaru but better
Forum Rules.
Teaching and research.
Host School:
University of Groningen, Netherlands.
Programmes: All programmes available for MS’c courses.
Scholarship Duration
The Scholarship is awarded for a 1 year or 2 years Master’s degree programme.
Scholarships Value
The grant covers
- tuition fee
- costs of international travel
- subsistence, books, and health insurance.
Please note that a considerable number of students apply for this scholarship each year, whereas the University can issue only a limited number of grants. How to apply:
-.
Deadline: January 15th, 2014. (opening call: October 15th, 2013)
For more information: click hereRead-a-thon book #8
Another good story with Mia. I liked that there was a mix of her trip to Genovia, then back to school as in the other novels. And of course, boyfriend drama!
I’m looking forward to a novella that’s labelled Volume 4 1/2 of the series, then on to #5!?So England’s adventure at Euro 2012 is over.
Hardly surprising that it finished prematurely and the manner of defeat was hardly surprising either – that oh so familiar gut-wrenching penalty shoot-out.
I have lost track of the number of times over the years that I have seen an England team lose their nerve and subsequently the game from that little spot of paint, 12 yards out from the goal.
I’m really not sure why this is the case. Surely it can’t be due to lack of practice or purely down to nerves.
(I’d imagine players from other nations get nervous too, but somehow they seem to manage to control themselves a bit better at the crucial moment).
It can’t be down to bad luck either. If ever there was an even contest, then the penalty shoot out is it. All you have to do is to take a few paces and try to kick the ball into the goal. Sure there is a goalkeeper trying to stop this happening, but you really should score every time.
Can’t blame the referee either for once.
For me, different countries’ approach to the penalty shoot out is a reasonable expression of their national identity, whether that be the Germans approaching the spot with clinical efficiency, or the Italians with a hint of passion and a wink in the eye (see Pirlo’s ‘dink’ for proof).
But when it comes to England, it sems to be a case of glorious (or sometimes not so glorious) failure.
The nearly men of international sport. The team that promises much (in the media, anyway) but then fails to deliver at the crucial moment. The nation that hates to lose, but is afraid to win.
Maybe it is my pessimistic side (forged by too many years of seeing England lose when it counts), but I always see opposing players approaching the spot with confidence and expect them to score.
But when it comes to England, as their chosen penalty takers start their long, reluctant walk to the spot, it’s not so much a case of ‘if they miss’, rather ‘when they miss’ and who the main culprit(s) will be. As and when that dreaded moment comes, those poor scapegoats can add their names to the pantheon of English spot kick failures.
In a way, last night’s defeat was different to previous occasions. Pre-tournament expectations were low and had been largely exceeded, England had been comprehensively outplayed in the game and, hey, we all know what happens with penalties anyway.
For me the hardest part was trying to explain it to my 6 year old son who had fully embraced both the tournament and his new homeland and was understandably distraught at seing them lose in such a dismal manner. “But why Dad…” he implored.
“Well son, it’s a long story with no happy ending. Are you sure you want to hear it?”INSTRUCTORS
John Chesebrough
John holds the professional insurance designations of CPCU, CLU, ChFC, AINS, ARM, AU and AIM. He has been an insurance instructor for more than five decades with most of that time associated with IEA. In 1989,
Professor Dave Chetcuti
Professor David J. Chetcuti has more than thirty-six years of experience in all aspects of Workers’ Compensation claims and is a co-author of the widely used 16-volume CA Workers’ Compensation treatise entitled, “Sullivan On Comp.” He is a well-respected
Robert J. Cornelow
Ellen Fizer
Ellen Fizer CPDM is an experienced HR and disability management professional with a distinguished career in the public sector, including service with Fairfax County, Virginia Public Schools and the State of Tennessee. She is also a certified employee benefit specialist (CEBS).
Barbara Goodwin
Barbara Goodwin, MBA, CPCU, ARM is recognized as an excellent public speaker, and an outstanding IEA faculty member. Barbara has recently received a prestigious award for the consistent pass ratio and success of her students in IEA’s ARM 56 (Risk Financing) course.
Michael Hernandez
Michael Hernandez is employed by the State of California Division of Workers compensation. Michael has been an instructor at IEA for more than 25 years, teaching the school’s Workers’ Compensation and Disability Management curriculum, including CA8, CA14 and CPDM 1.
Dennis Knotts
Dennis Knotts, WCCP, is among IEA’s leading experts in workers’ compensation. With more than 20 years industry experience, he has worked in a variety of companies from multi-line/muti-state carriers to TPAs and Public Entities. Dennis is a published author.
Victor Lorch
Began insurance career in 1973, as a field claims adjuster, claims supervisor, and general adjuster, for several major insurance companies. After18 years in claims, changed careers to public entity risk management.
Barbara J. Marshall
Barbara J. Marshall, CPDM has been in the workers’ compensation and disability management industry for more than 35 years. In addition to teaching for IEA, she is a frequent speaker on disability management at both the state and and levels.
Richard Masters
Richard Masters, CPCU, ARM, AAI, AIS is a seasoned professional with over 45 years of experience serving the needs of clients, including non-profit and governmental entities. In addition , Richard has also been teaching and mentoring for the IEA for over 35 years
Mike Moses
Mike Moses is a practicing disability management professional currently working as a HR ADA case manager for the Kaiser Permanente Northwest Region. He has worked as a disability management professional for more than 35 years and is actively involved with DMEC.
Tanya Thompson
Tanya Thompson CPDM is a Workers’ Compensation Specialist for Prestige Care, Inc. with over 10 years of progressive HR experience in the area of benefits, leave of absence, workplace accommodations and disability management in the Health Care industry.
Joe Wozniak
Joe Wozniak, CPDM has more than 30 years of welfare plan, disability and absence management experience, working with Security Pacific Bank, Pinkerton Security and Investigations and the Automobile Club of Southern California. .
Dee Pearson
Dee Pearson , ARM, CPCU, MS-OD..EUROVEA
EUROVEA is a complex of administrative buildings, appartements and a <a href=” things-to-do=”” bratislava-shopping” class=”link” title=”Read more about Bratislava shopping, souvenirs and costs of living”>shopping mall at one place. EUROVEA GALLERY is the only grand shopping center located in the city center, on the riverside of Danube river. It is the one of the newest shopping center finished in 2010, considered to be the most modern one.
Opening hours
Monday - Sunday 10.00 - 21.00
Location
Bratislava centerColor Statement Lipstick - 26 Nude Creme. Milani.
Available
2 Last unit in stock
2 Last items in stock!
Availability date:.
It Contains: 3,97Gr
UBU - Smoke Screens Smokey Eye Brush Kit
6,95 €
UBU - Screen Preen Powder Brush
4,95 €
UBU -Luxury Liner Eyeliner Brush
2,99 €
Essence - DUO SHARPENER PINK
1,29 €
Wet n Wild - 1 Step Wonder Gel Nail Color...
2,99 €
2,49 €
Milani - Bella Eyes Gel Powder Eyeshadow -...
5,51 €
UBU - Picture Perfect Professional...
5,95 €Florida State 30, South Florida 17
TAMPA, Fla. -- Even with a sea of garnet in the stands at Raymond James Stadium, fourth-ranked Florida State couldn't quite make itself at home in its first game away from Doak Campbell Stadium.
With South Florida's possession-oriented offense focused on keeping FSU's offense on the sidelines, the Seminoles used an efficient performance from EJ Manuel and a defensive touchdown from linebacker Christian Jones to pull away from the Bulls for a 30-17 victory.
The win moves the Seminoles to 5-0 for the first time since the 2005 season. They'll shoot for their first 6-0 start since their 1999 national title season next week at North Carolina State.
Manuel finished 19 of 26 for 242 yards and a touchdown
Trailing 13-3 after the first half, the Bulls threatened to flip the game on its head by forcing a three-and-out on FSU's first drive of the third quarter, then blocking the subsequent punt and recovering at the 9-yard line before scoring on a B.J. Daniels touchdown run three plays later.
FSU, though, answered later in the quarter with a seven-play, 63-yard scoring drive that culminated in Manuel's one-yard touchdown pass to tight end Kevin Haplea.
Florida State's defense seized control of the game in the middle two quarters. After surrendering 144 yards to the Bulls in the first quarter, FSU clamped down and allowed just 40 yards and one first down in the second and third periods. Linebacker Christian Jones ended the third quarter by picking up a fumble and racing 12 yards into the end zone to give the Seminoles a 30-10 lead.
Daniels led the Bulls on a six-play, 73-yard touchdown drive to begin the fourth quarter, but the Bulls couldn't get any closer.
Using a variety of runs and short passes, USF kept the ball for more than 10 minutes and limited FSU to just nine offensive plays in the first quarter.
The Seminoles' offense warmed up in the second, but the Bulls still went into halftime within striking distance at 13-3.
Florida State's 13 halftime points were its fewest of the season. The Seminoles came into the game averaging 32 first-half points in their first four contests.
USF received the opening kick and marched into the red zone with ease, but the Bulls stalled at the FSU 15-yard line and grabbed the lead on Maikon Bonani's 32-yard field goal.
Florida State's Karlos Williams returned the ensuing kickoff 60 yards to the USF 37-yard line, and the Seminoles were in the end zone five plays later when Rashad Greene took an end-around 10 yards for the score.
The Bulls succeeded for a while in keeping FSU's offense off the field, but failed to score any more points of their own. USF's next offensive drives consumed 20 plays, but both ended in punts.
Dustin Hopkins added field goals of 26 and 43 yards to extend FSU's lead to 13-3, but he also pushed a 48-yard attempt wide right.
NOTES: With his 10-yard rushing touchdown in the first quarter, Rashad Greene became the first Seminole since Peter Warrick in 1999 to score a touchdown rushing, receiving and on a punt return in the same season. Greene has four total touchdowns this season ... Senior Everett Dawkins' sack of B.J. Daniels in the second quarter was the first recorded by an FSU defensive tackle this season. Dawkins is the only current FSU defensive player to have started the 2009 USF-FSU game ... Saturday marked FSU's ninth game in Tampa but the first since 1979. The Seminoles are 8-1 all-time in the city.Yin Lee Photography
London
Photography - Portraits;Wedding;Headshots;Family
Friendly London Photographer, love meeting people. Passionate about all events I attend. The aim is to get FANTASTIC pictures!
Photo Gallery
Yin Lee Photography Reviews
No reviews yet.
Yin Lee Photography
Find companies like this!
Whatever your requirement, Bark will help you find local companies like
Yin Lee Photography.
Just post your project to Bark and we'll find the most suitable companies for you.Monthly Archives: May 2012
Thoughtless by S.C. Stephens
I present to you a series of Facebook comments I posted to a friend’s wall between 3 and 7 a.m. (which is when I read the last half of this book). (Yes, I am still suffering the consequences of staying … 
Posted in Stephanie Harsh 4 Comments
Beautiful Disaster. Of a book cover.
I admit it. I read Fifty Shades of Grey recently. (Who hasn’t?) And I was totally sucked in. But, after book two, I decided that the only thing I actually liked about it was the sexy dominant who wasn’t really … 
Posted in Stephanie Harsh 2 Comments
A big, fat story.
I have a friend. For the sake of anonymity, we’ll call her… Fatty. Trust me, it’s appropriate. This is Fatty’s story. Her big, fat, horrifying story. (And if you think it sounds familiar, it doesn’t.) Once a upon a time, … 
Posted in Stephanie Harsh 4 CommentsSwishing at FAIR! June 2015
Another exciting Date for your Diary: 13th June Here at FAIR we believe in ethical fashion in all senses. For this reason, we’d love to introduce you to Rags Revival. An amazing chance to swap in those garments that have been hiding in the back of your wardrobe for something you may just fall in love with. For £5 you can bring up to 10 items of clothing or accessories to swap! From experience, we can .*Learn more about CenUSA at - CenUSA is an ambitious multi-state USDA research project investigating the creation of a Midwestern sustainable biofuels system.
Past web seminars are archived at
How to Register: We request those who plan to attend fill out a short registration form. Registering does not obligate you to attend, but it helps us set up the meeting room based on expected attendance. Register Here
Susan Rupp, Amy Kohmetscher
Created by Susan Hawkins
Please sign in to post a commentBack when The X-Files was on the air it was a cultural phenomenon, and Gillian Anderson was one of the biggest stars on the planet due to her portrayal of Dana Scully, the skeptical one. Ever since it went off the air though, Anderson has been doing things like… well, film is unlikely, or wishful thinking on Anderson’s part. Anything with name value is seen as being a priority in the current Hollywood climate, and the fanbase that The X-Files still has sticking around is a pretty diehard one. I definitely take Anderson at her word when she says that there is some movement going on at some level to get another one made. However, her ending comments might work a little bit against her credibility, as they’re kind of crazy. After talking about her want of a third film, Anderson also added, “I’ve always wanted to do a spoof of the X Files as a film. We talked about that for a long time but maybe after three features we could get to do a spoof feature.” Oh boy, this should go over about as well as Jack Black’s funny take on the Green Lantern mythos. I can hear the X-Files geeks sharpening knives as we speak. [THR]!!
Etiquetas: Danza- Danza Española - Flamenco - Bailaor - Bailarin - Dancer - Barcelona - Jose de la Vega - Mariemma - Maestro - Master, Jose de la Vega - Daniel G. Cabrero - Barcelona - Danza - Danse - Flamenco - Maestro - Mariemma - Mis caminos a traves de la danza - El Flamenco que Vivi - Escuela de Baile - Dance School
ResponderThe Fed-Ex man brought me some good shiit today- My $450 Ebay Warn M12000 winch, a new remote for the winch, new roller fairlead, new solenoid/control pack for the winch, and my ORD triple stick kit for the doubler. All this in one day. The sweetest part is getting a $1k+ winch for just under $550. Just had to get the control pack and remote.Decimal Degrees:
Latitude: 33.868728
Longitude: -94.078249
Share your comments and photos of Wrights Chapel, a Church in Sevier County, AR
(Optional) Upload a photo taken at this location:
Submit
Church: Wrights Chapel , Lyons United Methodist Church
2 Places found nearby
New!
Tell others about this location or share a photo!
Time to build: 0.0620 Secs | Cached: 16-Jan-18 10:47 AMPhotographer Uses Iphone to Document War
When Damon Winter went to Afghanistan to follow an army batillion he brought along his Canon digital cameras with the intention of using them for both photos and video, but he found that the obtrusiveness in their size inhibited his ability to capture the moments he wanted to get. The solution came, not in the form of a high-tech digital slr, but in an Iphone app.
The Iphone’s hipstamatic app mimics the style and color of older film cameras and through its size Winterwas able to take his photos without making the soldiers feel uncomfortable. The time lag in the hipstamatic only allowed Winters to take one photo every few seconds forcing him to really concentrate on each image.
Winter’s photos ran on the front page of the New York Times in mid-November along with a story written by James Dao.A Six Letter Word That Controls Your FuturePosted by stevesmith56
Oct 28 looking for a better one.
It’s no different in business. We’re not getting enough sales from our website so we consider paying someone to build us a new one. Our employees aren’t performing as we wish so we decide to do their jobs ourselves. It’s an endless list of unfulfilled expectations and the only area we seldom take a real close look at is ourselves.
When 2012 was ushered in with the usual fan fair, the typical mindset was one of “I hope this year is better than last year”. Or “Man, I’m glad 2011 is over. Maybe things will turn around in 2012”. See how it works? Our subconscious is so trained to look for change to happen everywhere else, we completely disregard the need for us to change how we think, what we do and how we do it.
Right about now, most of us have fallen into the patterns we are most comfortable with. We may not like the outcome or the current circumstances but its familiar territory so we put up with it. Only when something serious happens or we find ourselves gripped with a new found passion do we launch ourselves in a new direction and in fact, change our course.
What’s Really Required for Lasting Change?
Change is not an easy goal. It requires a fundamental desire for something better, more fulfilling or more productive. The phase ‘I want to give back’ has become all too common as people make decisions about doing worthwhile activities, even if it cost them to do so or they receive no compensation in the process. So the first thing to understand about ‘change’ is that you need to have a vision of what you want to change to. Wanting to rid yourself of bad habits like smoking, poor eating or no exercise are powerful motivators for starting but they are insufficient to keep you on track.
My Recipe for Meaningful Change
So, what do you want to change to? If you own a business, what about your business do you want to change? Whatever it is, it will have to start with you. Wholesale change in your daily routine will most likely cause you to abandon your efforts. Small but significant changes can have huge benefits and move you quicker to your desired outcome. Here are four things that have worked for me.
1. Decide what you want from your business and write it down. Be specific and leave nothing out. Make sure you include personal rewards like income levels, time off or a favorite charity you want to support. Write what’s important to you, not what you think you can achieve based on your current status.
Now, format your goals and print them out so you can display them and look at them daily. Your subconscious cannot tell the different between current and future events or between reality and dreaming so getting a daily visual dose of these goals will help you align your actions with what you want to accomplish.
2. Look at how you spend your time. How much of your time is spent on truly meaningful endeavors as opposed to minutiae. Sure, little things have to be taken care of but without a realization of what’s important, many people will work endlessly on minor things and never get anything important done.
Time is our most precious resource and one we cannot replace. If you identify your highest priority tasks and devote time to them, you can actually get more done in less time. In order to do this, you must recognize how you use your time so you can develop the discipline to focus on different more important tasks.
3. Take stock of your strengths and weaknesses. Are your strengths supporting the real drivers of your business? Are you focused on things you are weak at instead of finding others who can do them better? Your business will change into what you want if you match your core strengths with your highest priority tasks.
The reason so many business owners continue to do the same things over and over again is because it’s what they know. If your highest priority areas are things you don’t know or are weak at, getting help is far better for achievement than trying to master them yourself.
4. Invite feedback from others you trust. Ask people who know you or that have expertise in the areas you want to change to give you critical feedback. If they are really there to help you, they will give it to you straight. Take this opportunity to listen. The value of doing this can be life changing.
A few years ago, I asked 10 people I knew to look at a project I was working on and give me their candid opinions. The feedback from 7 of them was brutal but eye opening. One of them wrote me an 8 page letter which blew me away. I have never forgotten that experience or the lessons it taught me about what can be learned from people outside my business.
The Real Secret to Sustainable Change
In the end, it’s all about changing the way you play your game. When sports professionals have poor seasons, they usually make changes including their playing strategy. When movie actors start to decline in popularity they usually change their direction as a way to build a new image with the hopes of rising again in the future.
Ultimately, your desire for real change boils down to your commitment to do the things that produce different, better outcomes. Most people will try and ‘tough it out’ by themselves with the all too familiar return to the ‘old ways’. A few people will get serious and get help. These are the folks you read about who made miraculous achievements and realized their dreams.
Want to change your game? Don’t just treat it as a word or a topic of conversation. Treat it as the key to your future and get serious about achieving what you really want!
About the Author:
Steve Smith works with small business owners and entrepreneurs to help clarify their direction and improve their decision making abilities so they can take action and move forward with confidence. If you have a question about an issue or important decision in your business and you’d like Steve’s council, go to for answers that you can work with.
Originally posted 2015-08-22 17:39:12. Republished by Blog Post PromoterSUMMARY
The effect of eucalyptus (Eucalyptus robusta Sm.) mulch on weed control was investigated in a newly planted, nonirrigated 'Tahitian' lime (Citrus aurantifolia Swingle) orchard in Mililani, Hawaii. Increasing mulch rate resulted in a decrease in weed dry weight and an increase in the tree trunk and limb diameters (combined), limb length, and total leaf count. A mulch rate of 150 tonnes/ha is recommended for providing satisfactory weed suppression and enhancing tree growth.
INTRODUCTION
Soil water availability and adequate weed control are two important factors that influence the growth and vigor of young orchard trees. Organic mulches help to conserve soil moisture by providing a protective cover on the soil surface. This has resulted in more vigorous trees by reducing the weed pressure and providing a nutrient-containing material for many orchard crops. Although the benefits of mulches are well documented, obtaining material and the high cost of application have limited its widespread use.
The objective of this study was to determine the potential of Eucalyptus robusta Sm. mulch to suppress adequately the weed growth and to enhance tree growth in a newly planted, nonirrigated 'Tahitian' lime (Citrus aurantifolia Swingle) orchard.
PROCEDURE
This study was initiated at Mililani, Hawaii, at an elevation of 340 m with an annual precipitation of 150-200 cm. The field was subsoiled to a depth of 46 cm and disked before tree planting. Two-year old 'Tahitian' lime trees grated onto Citrus volkamericana rootstock were planted in nonirrigated beds approximately 20 cm high with treatment plots 2 m wide by 10 m long. There were two trees centered in each treatment plot spaced at 5 m within rows and 5 m between rows. Trees were planted in blocks oriented in an east to west direction with the blocks in the middle of the orchard with several guard rows.
Treatments. The experimental design was a randomized complete block with eight replications. All but three main limbs, labeled "A", "B", and "C", were removed from the lime trees at planting. Eucalyptus limbs (maximum diameter 16 cm) and leaves were mechanically shredded into chips approximately 0.25 cm thick by 2 cm wide by 6 cm long and evenly applied to the treatment plots. Eucalyptus mulch rates of 0 (control), 100, 150, and 200 tonnes/ha were used.
Weed data. Weeds were hand harvested with hoes and sickles from a 0.5 m² sample area in the middle of each treatment plot. Sampling times for weed harvests were 169, 232, 302, and 372 days after the trees were planted. All aboveground weed biomass was oven dried at 72°C for four days and weighed.
Tree data. Tree growth data were taken 10, 113, and 354 days after planting. The trunk diameter of the scion 25 mm above the graft union was measured. Two measurements were recorded at the same height, rotated 90° about the trunk axis, and averaged to compensate for irregularities in trunk diameter symmetry. Trunk diameter was added to the sum of the limb diameter of the three limbs, each measured once 5 mm above the trunk/limb union. Lengths of the three limbs were measured from the trunk/limb union to the terminal end of the limbs. The combined limb length was used for analysis. Total leaf count for the three limbs was recorded for each tree. Data was subjected to analysis of variance and trend analysis to determine the effect of increasing levels of mulch on weed weight and tree growth
RESULTS AND DISCUSSION
Weed dry weight. As the eucalyptus mulch rate increased, the total weed dry weight decreased at the four sampling dates. Eucalyptus mulch at 200 tonnes/ha was highly effective in controlling weeds consistently throughout the 372 days after planting. Even with a large increase in weed dry weight for the other treatments in May (302 days after planting), the 200 tonnes/ha treatment still kept the weed dry weight at a low level. Total weed dry weight decreased linearly with increasing mulch rate at 169 and 372 days after planting. The most effective mulch rate for weed control at 169 and 372 days after planting was 200 tonnes/ha with the more pronounced effect at 372 days.
Trunk and limb diameters. At 113 and 354 days after planting there was a linear increase in the trunk and limb diameters (combined) as the mulch rate increased. Similarly, as the mulch rate increased, there was a linear increase in the total tree leaf number and limb length. The effect of the mulch was more pronounced at 354 days after planting.
The primary objective of a successful weed management program in a newly established lime orchard is to minimize economically the weed competition. This study showed that increasing eucalyptus mulch rate decreased weed dry weight. The 200 tonnes/ha treatment gave excellent results in inhibiting weed growth, an 18% reduction in weed dry weight compared to the 150 tonnes/ha treatment. This may have been partly the results of less weed seed germination due to the greater dampening effect of temperature in the soil beneath the 200 tonnes/ha mulch.
This study also showed that increasing eucalyptus mulch rate increased tree growth. Growth responses of the lime trees showed a greater response to the mulch rates at the end than at the beginning of the first growing season. The 200 tonnes/ha treatment did not dramatically increase tree growth compared to the 150 tonnes/ha treatment. At the conclusion of the study, the trees in the 200 tonnes/ha plots showed only a 4% increase in trunk and limb diameters (combined), a 1% increase in leaf number, and an 8% increase in limb length over trees in the 150 tonnes/ha plots.
In this study, the roots of the lime trees grew through the surface of the soil into the mulch in the 150 and 200 tonnes/ha treatments. The greater rates of mulch may have provided a source of moisture for the roots of the lime trees. Earthworm populations were considerably higher in the 150 and 200 tonnes/ha treatments than in the 10 tonnes/ha treatment and the control. The mulch also may have provided the worms with a more favorable temperature by insulating them from the desiccating effects of the sun.
Eucalyptus mulch can effectively suppress weed competition and increase tree growth and vigor in a newly planted, nonirrigated 'Tahitian' lime orchard. Rates below 150 tonnes/ha did not provide adequate weed control. All other rates of mulch provided commercially acceptable weed control while enhancing tree growth. The recommended rate of eucalyptus mulch application is 150 tonnes/ha, which adequately suppressed weeds and kept mulching economically feasible.
Top of page
K. Kobayashi's main pageLast Updated
- Schedule of Classes - June 15, 2016 6:14PM EDT
- Course Catalog - June 9, 2016 6:15PM EDT
Classes
Course Description
Course information provided by the Courses of Study 2015-2016.
Native American depictions of human interactions with frightening beings can help readers appreciate Indigenous perspectives and experiences. That is, when contemporary Indigenous writers repurpose features of gothic, fantasy, sci-fi, or environmentalist fiction, their reimagined insatiable antagonists are almost universally formed as critical representations of colonialism, while monstrosity emerges from transgressions against Indigenous values and relationships. In reading for this course, we'll examine Indigenous depictions of voracious beings, the relationships these fearsome figures attempt to disrupt, and the means by which protagonists fight their demons. Through the lens of critical Indigenous theory and a sampling of short stories, novels, ethnographies, historical readings, and films, this course will examine how Native American authors continue a long-established practice of balancing relationships through storytelling and story-writing.
When Offered Spring.
Distribution Category (CA-AS)
View Enrollment Information
 
Credits and Grading Basis
4 Credits Stdnt Opt(Letter or S/U grades)
Class Number & Section Details
Meeting Pattern
- MWFGoldwin Smith Hall 283
Instructors
Warrior, C
Disabled for this roster.My name is Angela Symonds and this is my story…
MY RISE
From a young age, I had experienced significant trauma; when my parents divorced at the age of 7, all of our lives changed. I felt like my life had been thrown into the depths of hell within a few short months. I became highly skilled in creating a place of safety for myself in the dark corners of my mind while my body was being violated. I learned to be the protector of my family before I hit my teens, I learned to shut my emotional self off, this was less painful and a coping mechanism that just kicked in.
I spent years self-loathing, I entered some incredibly dark and volatile short-lived relationships in my young adult life because it’s what I knew, its what my self-worth allowed me. I had some great experiences with people but they never really penetrated the coat of
I had seen and been in some of this life’s most horrific and dark places; it was there that I learned so very much about survival, and, what it takes to get up and begin again.
I always wanted more, always dreamt of being more than what I was, even in the darkness that feeling never left me.
I believed that one day, I’d be strong enough to stand up and be somebody.
In my 20’s I decided to travel the world, I met my husband to be and fell pregnant, that was my moment, that was my change, I knew this baby would be my strength my courage my future, and it was then I decided.
I decided to RISE up and find my Inner Roar, this is where those words became etched
I believe we make a decision in an instant, it is the follow-through that is the hard part.
I looked into her hour old eyes, leaned into her and whispered the words; I am here for you, forever, I will rise and be the greatest I can be, I will change everything, I promise, this is my oath to you.
It was the hardest thing I ever had to do; years of trauma had to be undone, and the storytelling in my head reversed, I had to learn to love my body, a body that I believed had let me down, BUT, at the same time had just given me the greatest gift in this world.
My journey was complete when my second daughter came into the world I took her newness in my arms, they were now stronger, I made another promise, an oath that I would continue to keep rising I would make myself stronger I would do better and be better.
I met my third daughter; I was now completely invested within myself and felt the power I had, it was easy for me to make her a promise, one of protection, a home and always being there whenever she needed me, NO MATTER WHAT.
There was nothing my girls and I could not face together.
I started to re-educate myself as I’d left school early I didn’t really have much of an education, I was more concerned with having a safe place to be back then.
While I was a young mum I went on to learn so very much, my mind expanded my body became strong and self-defense at the top of my list, my life completely changed direction, and I just haven’t stopped. I loved learning, but I struggled to learn the traditional way, so I had to find other ways.
Many years on, I went to work in Health Services, I ended up working with people for over 20 years in various areas of the Health Service system, I became focused and climbed to the top of my field.
I was on a path to my soul work; this was what I was born for, built for, NEEDED to do, this was crystal clear to me, I just had to keep going.
My RISE had focus; it had a purpose; I learned to tap into every part of me.
My MissionTo help people find their inner ROAR, and RISE, Empowered.
MY ROAR
My view on life is a straightforward one.
I believe in having a strong Body and an Empowered Mind.
I believe that we are here to do great things, things that will help change something, either for ourselves or others. I believe we need to forget who we have been told to be and create who it is we want to be.
I believe we get back what we put out into the world, we all have an energy and what you focus on will eventuate, kind of like a self-fulling prophecy.
So I say focus on the positive!
I believe we are what we consume, we are what we tell ourselves, and we are most definitely capable of significant change, given the right environment.
I’m all for making money, but I do believe in not harming another person’s mind or body to receive it, and honesty, that’s non-negotiable.
I’m an introverted extrovert, I love being around people and effortlessly light up a room, but I also crave time alone, time to go within and do my inner work, take stock, and recalibrate so my soul can feel it.
I have been a fitness instructor for 25 years, and it was a natural progression to study all things nutrition. I opened my first business in the U.K and had a booming following of women, that loved to get together and have a laugh.
That led me to study further into my current field, and I began working in Mental Health. Quickly becoming hungry for more knowledge.
The fitness side of things has always been a part of my life and teachings. I dreamt many years ago of opening my service to help people in both Mind & Body as I knew the importance of integrating both areas for a complete and sustainable life transformation.; I have a current Working With Children check and a current Police Check.
Once again I’m thirsty for more knowledge so now I am currently studying Criminal Psychology and Forensic Psychology.
I developed The Empowerment Club to help people reconnect with themselves and take back a sense of power, control and ownership of their lives, careers, and relationships. To be able to face down and move beyond their past and harmful habits that keep them stuck.
I use a variety of Mind & Body practices to help a person shift from where they are to where they want to be, they don’t necessarily need to attend a fitness class to start, often a nutrition clean up and mindset reset is the jumpstart people need.
I speak from my heart and love nothing more than to share all I know.
I’m a writer and love everything about writing, from the way it captures your imagination, whisks you away to another time and space, right through to the power and impacts the written word can have to create a different type of thinking and challenge our interpretation of the world around us. I love writing programs that evoke and transform a mind into moving, shifting, growing and impacting a persons life. I grew up with books as my escape, and I hope to be able to
Being a mother is my greatest role, and I’m proud of my three girls.
My life has moved beyond the hands-on part of that role as they are all grown up, and it is now time for me to dedicate myself, to all I have practiced for well over two decades.
It is time for me to shine so brightly, I light up the path forward for my girls to see in the moments they need it most.
It is time for me to create my legacy, so when I’m long gone, they can read my wisdom, hear my thoughts and know they were deeply loved.
I’m committed to being a straight up woman, being as kind as possible, and helping people move beyond their barriers in life.
Being Invested in your Mind and Body; it’s what will drive you forward in your life to be anything and everything you want.
- More
-
LOT #26537 |Sold for: Sign-in or Join (free & quick)
DC-25i $1 1923. ...Click the image to load the highest resolution version.
DescriptionDC-25i $1 1923
A nice example for the grade of PMG Very Fine 25.
Fees, Shipping, and Handling Description: Coins & Currency (view shipping information)
Sales Tax information | Terms and Conditions
Bidding Guidelines and Bid Increments
Glossary of Terms
Auction Info
Auction Dates
January, 2016
7th-11th Thursday-Monday
Internet/Mail Bids: 8
Lot Tracking Activity: N/A
Page Views: 298New musical Mrs Henderson Presents has brought nude tableaux back to the London stage.
Inspired by the women who appeared on stage at the Windmill Theatre, which refused to close its doors during The Blitz, it tells the story of the exuberant widow of the title who found new life through running the now historic venue, and the tea girl turned lead nude whose life changed entirely when she stepped into the Windmill.
When the curtain came down on press night, after the cast had been joined by nine of the original Windmill performers, we caught up with leading ladies Emma Williams and Tracie Bennett at the press night party to find out more about their experience and the show.
Mrs Henderson Presents is booking until 18 June at the Noël Coward Theatre. You can book tickets through us here.Love Quotes
My dreams don’t exceed reality anymore. I don’t have to sit there in the dark, under the covers and fantasize about a world, that could never be. Because now, there is you. I’m not diluted enough, to think that you are perfect. And I’m not in love enough to just accept every flaw of yours as a part that makes you perfect. But I do love you. Maybe it’s not the love they talk about in music, and maybe we have never had a kiss as perfect as the movies keep showing me. But that doesn’t mean that the pain in my heart, when you aren’t here is any less magnificent. I’m at a point, where I am happy that I can say that “I miss you”. Because it’s the first time I mean it, and not just saying it because I know you want to hear it.
I don’t even want to tell you I love you, I try to keep those words to myself. Instead I will work and show you, until you come to me and tell ME, that I love you. It’s no longer about me, and what I want. You could call it growing up, but it’s just that I’m not dumb enough to let something as great as you pass me by. I could go online and pick a bunch of love quotes that give you words others created. But they don’t feel how I feel, how could they? They never met you, never held you, never lost themselves in a moment. And I know you have a past, but I don’t care. Because my past has taught me that I need to pick moments to cherish. I have taken for granted so many, because I thought there were many more to come.
So I am sure your past taught you how to be this enchanting. Relationships only last as long as you are willing to fight for them. And I promise you, I burned my towel, I sold my white flag, and I erased the number of that fat lady. I’m all in! At times you are too much to handle, but I still want to hold on. It’s not about what you do for me, it’s about how you make me feel. It’s as if my heart doesn’t feel the need to keep the rage in anymore. I can finally let go, and just be honest with you. I love you, more than I could write.
Your pain isn’t my pain, it’s yours but I’ll do my best to help you through it. I’ll try to make you smile through the tears. Ill wipe them away, and stand by you. I’m not a shoulder to lean on, I’ll be your everything to fall on. There is nothing, not even you hating me, that will make me stop loving you. I don’t want to write a bunch of fantastic sentences, as a poet. I want to write as a man in love with you. Take away everything fancy, and just be honest with you. I hope one day you will understand what you mean to me. I might be a bit selfish, but I do want you all to me.
I wanted to make a piece called Love Quotes, but I didnt just want to write a bunch of poetic lines about how much I loved someone. So I decided to make this piece Love Quotes, about someone or maybe even me being honest. And not using Love Quotes, to show how much I care, but just speaking from the heart. Because people tend to use these Love Quotes, as if these words can be used for replacements for their own. I promise you, that your own words will have a lot more power to them then some Love Quotes found online. I understand that these Love Quotes, can be cute and remind you of someone, but dont let them stop you from using your own words.
If you liked this piece Love Quotes, I am sure you will like some other pieces as well. And the reason this one didnt rhyme, is because I didnt want to restrict my feelings, while writing. I wanted to give them free range for this one time. And I still call it poetry … BECAUSE I CAN!
IF YOU LIKE MY WRITING DONT FORGET TO SUPPORT ME BY BUYING MY BOOKJohn left yesterday for his annual family reunion. He said the weather in Dallas/Ft. Worth was nice. Three times in the last 5 years the weather has been bad, & one time he had to overnight, Wednesday the weather report for Dallas wasn't good, so it could have gone either way. When he called he was all chirpy about how great the trip went, nice weather, on time & all that. I told him not to do too big a Happy Dance, since he hasn't made it home yet. We'll see how it goes Monday when he tries Dallas/Ft. Worth again.
This afternoon I picked up Beau or Nigel at the vet office after his "brain" surgery this morning. Unfortunately the emasculator broke (I've never heard of such a thing) & one of the cords sucked back up before it got sewn shut. So the boy has to stay in a cage tonight, no food or water to make sure he doesn't bleed. So far, so good. John is thinking about names, Beau is back on the list, & Nigel is the only other name I came up with that John will even think about. I told him either he comes up with a name or it's one of these. Once he's out of the cage & I can observe him, maybe another name will "fit".
The donkeys have been doing real good with their fly masks, but BlackJack came in tonight without his. Although our neighbor is helping with chores, I still didn't get a chance to look for the mask before dark. We don't have a lot of flies, we use the fly predators, & the fly traps, but the ones we have are really determined. They ate a lot of the hair off of Jenny, big girl's rear legs, trying to get to the skin I guess, nasty little beasts. So I made some covers for her hind legs & it really keeps the flies at bay, they don't like all that material flopping around I guess.
Honcho has settled in & is part of the herd. I guess I'm a matchmaker, I'd like for him & Katie to bond. They are about the same size, both of them have a weight problem, & their personalities are a lot alike. Usually when I want 2 of them to bond it doesn't turn out well, like Daisy & Quilla. They didn't like each other when they were being fed in the same pen, & they are never together now.Black Step Sister Young Blonde Ebony Fuck Step Brother Ride
Step Sister Rewards You And Lets You Watch Her
Step sister reassure more youthful sister through sensual mysteries
Penny Pax Fucks Dava Foxx & Her Step Brother!
PrettyDirty August Ames tastes NOT Step-brothers Cum
steps
Step mom
Blonde step sis Andrea gets mouth and ass filled
Power Outage
Step-mom by Bangie
MySistersHotFriend/NaughtyAmerica – Dakota Skye
Step Sis Lupe Burnett Gets Ass Banged While Riding
my horny step sis – mrcamporn
step daughter
step sister fucked by step brother
Step mom Courtney and Mandy love to go down on each other
Horny step-mom knows how to jerk
step-mom knows best
Step Mum Gags On His Fat Dick
Boy Fucking Not His Step.Article
(more…)
Tags: U.S.A., Westport CT No Comments »
Article source: Mary Barensfeld Architecture square footage with a conventional stair, a ramping meandering path through aromatic groundcover and the outstretched limbs of sculptural Japanese maples was selected as a more experiential garden path.
Image Courtesy © Joe Fletcher
Tags: California, U.S.A.
Article source:: Banker Wire.
Image Courtesy © Banker Wire »It's nice to reminisce about my youth and feel like a teenager again in clothes similar to what I wore then. Perhaps I should revisit those DM boots too, although I think I'd miss out the bright coloured shoelaces that my friends and I used to add to them back in the nineties! Is there anything you wore at secondary school that you'd wear again now, or do you think the trends of your teens should strictly be left to the next generation?
This shirt is from Zara, the dress underneath is H&M.
I'm linking with Fashion Friday:
Love that plaid shirt, totally takes me back to 6th form and I want one now! You look beautiful x
Thanks for linking up to #fashionfriday too x
Looks like such a casual comfortable outfit!
There are so many trends I'm glad I tried in high school when it was more socially acceptable to look silly, as many of them I'd never be brave enough to try again now, haha!
Away From The Blue
I love skinny jeans but tend to go for black instead of the acid green or fluorescent orange of my teens! Sadly my skinnies are no longer a skinny size 6!!ccTLD Schedule posted 8 March 2005, updated 29 March 2005, final 3 April 2005
Physical Address:
Sheraton Mar del Plata hotel
Internet Access Wi-Fi
L.N. Alem 4221
Argentina
Telephone: (54) (223) 414-0000
Web:
This is final version 2 updated 3 April 2005, first posted 29 March 2005
The version 1 was posted 8 March 2005:
ccTLD Meetings' documents:
20050403.MardelPlata-documents.html All documents are published as soon as available
wwTLD AGENDA (final)
Sunday, April 3rd
Room 3, 11th Floor, Sheraton Hotel
Starting at 9:00 hrs
1.1. Welcome Message: Oscar Robles (LACTLD)
2.1. Presentation overview: Hilde Thunem (.no) -confirmed-
2.2. Panel Leader: Desiree Miloshevic (.gi) -confirmed-
2.3. Panel Member 1 (Strict Policies): Chris Disspain (.au) -confirmed-
2.4. Panel Member 2 (Liberal Policies): Olof Hallstrom (.se) -confirmed-
2.5. Panel Member 3 (In the middle policies): Bernard Turcotte (.ca) -confirmed-
4.1. Session Chair: Alan Levin (.za) -to be confirmed-
4.2. Presenter Small Registry: Dotty Sparks (.vi) -confirmed-
4.3. Presenter Middle Registry: Andrzej Bartosiewicz (.pl) -confirmed-
4.4. Presenter Large Registry: Bart Mackay (.com) -confirmed-
4.5. How the management challenges of a registry change as it grows and develops: Lesley Cowley (.uk) -confirmed-
6.1. Panel Leader: Paul Kane (.ac) -confirmed- Bottom-up Best Practice - Information Security Management BS7799 / ISO 17799
6.2. Presenter 1: Sebastian Bellagamba (CABASE) -confirmed-
6.3. Presenter 2: Giovanni Seppia (CENTR) -confirmed- Risk assessments and mitigation
8.1. Presenter: Carlos Afonso (Brazil-WGIG) -confirmed-
9.1. Presenter 1: Juan Caros Ferro (.cu) -confirmed-
9.2. Presenter 2: Frederico Neves (.br) -confirmed- Operational rules for .BR
10.1. Presenter 1: Sarah Langstone (Verisign) -confirmed-
10.2. Presenter 2: Roland La Plante (Afilias) -confirmed-Toggle navigation
How it works
FREE Sign up
1. Protection of your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others.
For using KPIWatchdog website, you have to create an account with the working email address and password. We adopt appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our website. You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your username and password.
We may use your email address to send your the information and updates pertaining to your.
Web browser cookies.
Our website.
2. Protection of your business data
We do not require, store nor have access to any sensitive credentials
(e.g. password)
for your data sources..
Non-sharing your business data.
Your select business data are stored in the KPIWatchdog application exclusively for your future reference and analysis.
We do not review, share, or reference your business data.
Individual records of your business data may be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of resolving a problem, support issues, or suspected violation of our website's Terms of Service, or as may be required by law. You may delete your business data at any time.
3. Changes to this privacy policy
KPI Watchdog.com has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will send an e-mail to you and revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
4. Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at
KPI Watchdog contacts
This document was last updated on August 1, 2013Report item
Item specifics
- Department Name: Adult
- Athletic Shoe Type: Running Shoes
- Upper Material: Mesh
- Gender: Men
- Fit: Fits true to size, take your normal size
- Shoe Width: Medium(B,M)
- Brand Name: onemix
- Function: Stability
- Upper Height: Medium cut
- Insole Material: EVA
- Feature: Breathable,Height Increasing,Massage
- For Distance: Marathon(>40km)
- Sports Type: Lifestyle
- Closure Type: Lace-Up
- Release Date: Winter2016
- Level Of Practice: Advanced
- Outsole Material: Rubber
- Model Number: 1155 m
- Applicable Place: Outdoor Lawn
- Running Shoes Style:: Young Fashion Running
- sports types:: running/jogging/walking/trekking
- seasons:: spring/summer/autumn/winter
- color:: black white/yellow black/green black/pink/grey blue
- size:: EUR size 39-47 US size 6.5-12.5
- features:: lightweight/breathable/fashion/slant tongue/durable
- material:: mesh/rubber
-.1,140,641 members
BUA5HER
Hrm And Employment Relations
BUA5HER is rated by StudentVIP members:
rate me!
0 StudentVIP members in BUA5HER
0 textbooks listed
0 tutors available
2 tutor searches
0 subject ratings
What do you rate BUA5HER?
Add BUA5HER to your subjects
You can add BUA5HER to your StudentVIP account to find textbooks, tutors and more.Join StudentVIP
Reviews and tips for BUA5HER
0 reviews
Where are classes for BUA5HER?
Easy, get a great map app for La Trobe, including locations for classes in BUA5HER.Get Lost On Campus
0 notes available for BUA5HER
Upload & earn:Sell your notes
Search
Tutors for BUA5HER
0 tutors available for tutoring BUA5HERBecome a tutor for BUA5HER
2 tutor searches for BUA5HER!
Encourage students to become a tutor. Add a no-obligation tutor request. We'll notify you when a new tutor registers.In the Tivoli Storage Manager environment where many nodes try to initiate scheduled operations simultaneously, you may need to manage scheduling throughput wisely in-order to make sure the TSM server does not get into network bottleneck. You can choose a different scheduling mode options for some schedules based upon the priority and available resources, and you can control how often client nodes contact the server to perform a scheduled operation.
Relation between SCHEDMODE and SERVERINITIATION parameters
Tivoli Storage Manager provides two scheduling modes - client-polling and server-prompted. The mode indicates how client nodes interact with the server for scheduling operations. With client-polling mode, client nodes poll the server for the next scheduled event. With server-prompted mode, the server contacts the nodes at the scheduled start time.
By default, the server permits both scheduling modes. The default (ANY) allows nodes to specify either scheduling mode in their client options files. You can modify this scheduling mode.
Also Read: How to configure TSM Client Backup & Archive Schedules ?
Also Read: How to configure TSM Client Backup & Archive Schedules ?
If you modify the default server setting to permit only one scheduling mode, all client nodes must specify the same scheduling mode in their client options file. Clients that do not have a matching scheduling mode will not process the scheduled operations. The default mode for client nodes is client-polling. The scheduler must be started on the client node's machine before a schedule can run in either scheduling mode.
By default, clients contact the server (client-polling scheduling mode and SESSIONINITIATION=CLIENTORSERVER). If SESSIONINITIATION is set to the default CLIENTORSERVER value, you can use either client-polling or server-prompted scheduling modes. The client might start sessions with the server by communicating on the TCP/IP port that was defined with a server option. Server-prompted scheduling also can be used to prompt the client to connect to the server.
You can instead prevent clients from starting sessions, and allow only the server to start sessions with clients. To limit the start of backup-archive client sessions to the server only, do the following steps for each node
- Use the REGISTER NODE command or the UPDATE NODE command to change the value of the SESSIONINITIATION parameter to SERVERONLY, Specify the high-level address and low-level address options. These options must match what the client is using, otherwise the server will not know how to contact the client.
- Set the scheduling mode to server-prompted. All sessions must be started by server-prompted scheduling on the port that was defined for the client with the REGISTER NODE or the UPDATE NODE commands.
- Ensure that the scheduler on the client is started. You cannot use the client acceptor (dsmcad) to start the scheduler when SESSIONINITIATION is set to SERVERONLY.
If you modify the default so that the server permits only one scheduling mode for the server, all clients must specify the same scheduling mode in their client options file. Clients that do not have a matching scheduling mode do not process scheduled operations.
To have clients poll the server for scheduled operations, run this command on TSM Server
set schedmodes polling
Ensure that client nodes specify the same mode in their client options files.
To have the server prompt clients for scheduled operations, run this command on TSM Server
set schedmodes prompted
Ensure that client nodes specify the same mode in their client options files.
To return to the default scheduling mode so that the server supports both client-polling and server-prompted scheduling modes, run this command on TSM Server
set schedmodes any
Client nodes can then specify either polling or prompted mode. Modifying the default scheduling mode on client nodes Users can set the scheduling mode on client nodes. They specify either the client-polling or the server-prompted scheduling mode on the command line or in the client user options file. (On UNIX and Linux systems, root users set the scheduling mode in the client system options file.
What Others are Reading Now...
0 Comment to "Use these 2 TSM server options to prevent network bottleneck during backup schedules"If you’ve been reading this blog for some time, you’ll remember I previously referred to attempting book tours using our RV. In October, 2015, I wrote of the breakdown of the Forest River Windsong stranding us first in Bullhead City AZ then Las Vegas NV. Findlay’s in Las Vegas hit us for numerous parts and labor, including a new radiator, then dusted their hands of it. You may have wondered what happened with the situation and whether or not we sold the motorhome. You won’t believe the story. You can’t make this stuff up.
The Foothills area of Yuma AZ is an absolute delight and this is where hubby decided the RV was going. Yuma is a “winter visitor” paradise. We made it to Yuma.
Said hubby then decided he needed a job to pay for all the debt the MoHo incurred and obtained his CDL by March 2015. Within a week, he was gainfully employed by a trucking firm out of Phoenix. We drove the RV to Goodyear, secured an RV spot and off he went. As sure as April follows March and summer follows spring, temperatures in an RV can climb faster than rabbits in heat. Time to sell.
Craig’s List almost immediately began returning inquiries of interest and quickly became scary. With the main man gone and my enthusiasm to try to show the aging behemoth waning, I yanked the ad and began looking at alternative ideas. It was obvious I’d need to be out of the unit, and the RV was still mechanically challenged.
One of the park employees agreed to drive it to an RV consignment dealer in Mesa after I found an apartment. It was the first week of July and hot by 7 am. Instead of trying to sell it, however, the dealer determined he must first solve the temp problem and spent the 3 months on consignment performing repairs, quickly mounting to another grand.
The situation was becoming desperate with the consignment period ending and the dealer pushing for money. On Monday, I determined it was time to go back to the park and see if (1), they ever needed rentals, or (2) would they allow me to store it in their space at the back of the park. Short answer: no.
The helpful lady behind the counter, however, took a description of the RV, my asking price, and my phone number. By Thursday I had a call of interest. Shazam! What could go wrong?
The “buyer” (we’ll call him “Sam”) said he would check it out and have “his mechanic” look at it on Tuesday. But Sam looked at it immediately and called again to negotiate price–absolute bottom–“what will you take“? (I cut my price) By Sunday, another call. He was ready to go get it, “had the cash,” was ready to purchase, and wanted to do the deal on Monday morning. He’d call by 10. After 11, Sam called that his mechanic had looked it over and he was ready.
During the drive to Mesa, I had two calls from Sam’s wife. Arriving, I gave her my file and a “Bill of Sale,” thinking she’d sign and hand to Sam. The manager of the company produced my ownership certificate and we became engaged in a discussion of where to sign off (an out
of state pink slip). In the meantime, the fella who was hanging back (assumed to be “the mechanic“) began counting out money to Sam, who then counted money to me. (The woman explained on the phone they had come up just a little short (??) and he would be loaning them the difference so I could have my money.) I counted money to the dealer.
The couple then made a fast exit, leaving the “the mechanic” who explained he was getting a tow truck. (Huh?) Taking it out to the parking lot, a discussion ensued regarding the couple. “The mechanic” had purchased the unit, not the couple. He thought they were my friends; I thought his. They’d explained to him it was their unit but I held the ownership certificate! We took the discussion to the consignment dealer who told us Sam talked to him after he’d called me. Sam had immediately driven to Mesa where he looked it over, took pictures, and then told the dealer he’d bring his mechanic to see it.
Bottom line; the real buyer paid the original asking price, but it didn’t all go to me. The intervening couple pocketed the difference–several thousand dollars. Who gave them my number? ©2016 Virginia Williams
3 thoughts on “How I Sold the RV”
It’s actually a great and useful piece of info. I’m glad that you simply shared this useful info with us.
Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
wow what a sweet thing to say! definitely a boost to my day–thanks kit!
As usual you guys are one of a kind people! This could only happen to you. I just found this blog, so sorry I missed it because I have been enjoying your writtings for 47 years.I did it, too!
Whenever I ran into a word in the Bible that I did not understand . . . then I just skipped over it.
About fifteen years ago I visited Israel because my daughter and my grandchildren lived in Jerusalem.
That was the last time I just "skipped" over things in the Bible that I did not understand.
Wow! That has made a huge difference in understanding the END TIME scenario.
Now, I purposefully look up these words and research them
I noticed something: every nation that Jesus will fight against when he returns is a Muslim nation.
Every country that surrounds Israel is a Muslim nation: Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Turkey, not to mention Iraq and Iran.
Even Gog and Magog (that we were previously told by U.S. "scholars" was Russia) were regions in Eastern Turkey!
Forget about the European Union and the papacy being enemies of the Muslim nations.
If you really want to understand the END TIMES, then read Isaiah 63:1-6, Habakkuk 3:1-7, and Revelation 19. Just for your information: it is approximately 180 miles from Haifa to Petra!
Jesus is not coming back as the Sunday School Jesus, all meek and mild. The first time he came here
he came as a baby in a manger.
The next time Jesus comes he will be "The Lord of Heaven's Armies" (YHWH tseba' oth). And it is possible that many people sitting in the pews will not even know who he is. They are expecting him to land on the Mt. of Olives. Oh, he will stand on the Mt. of Olives all right, but he is coming from Edom, and more specifically from Bozrah!
Where is Edom and Bozrah?
Edom is modern Jordan, and Bozrah is a city in that nation which is now named Bouseira, very near Petra (a well-visited tourist spot near Saudia Arabia), which is also in Jordan.
He will have blood spattered all over his white uniform (Rev. 19:13 and Isaiah 63:1). Why is he spattered with blood? Because he will be a Mighty Warrior (another truth the Sunday School crowd finds difficult to believe).
"Who is this who comes from Edom, from the city of Bozrah, with his clothing stained red? Who is this in ROYAL ROBES, marching in his great strength?"
Who wears ROYAL ROBES except the Lord Jesus Christ? Who MARCHES IN GREAT STRENGTH except Jesus?
Then he answers his rhetorical question: "It is I, THE LORD,announcing your salvation! It is I, THE LORD, who has the power to save."
This is not complicated, folks. He spells it out for us. There is only one person who has the power to save, and it is the Lord Jesus Christ!
"Why are your clothes (uniform) so red, as if you have been treading out grapes?"
Get the picture? A man in a white uniform in a pool of grapes. What would he look like after just the first few minutes squishing out the grapes? Now you have the picture in your mind of Jesus as he makes his way from Saudia Arabia and Jordan to the Mt. of Olives in Jerusalem, Israel.
 (the Jews), and to ransom them from their oppressors (Arab Muslims). I was amazed (even Jesus is amazed by the cowardice of the Gentiles) to see that no one intervened to help the oppressed. So I myself stepped in (from outer space: heaven) to save them with my strong arm, and my wrath sustained me (an angry God? an angry Jesus?---and here all this time he was Santa Clause). I crushed the nations in my anger and made them stagger and fall to the ground, spilling their blood upon the earth."
Why is God so angry? The answer is very simple:
Out of all the nations on the earth, he picked Israel as his prize possession. When nations of the world killed, attacked, kidnapped, burned, tortured, and beheaded Jewish people for centuries . . . God finally blows his top.
Can you blame him?
Oh, there is much, much more in Habakkuk chapter 3. Read it for yourself.
The King is actually coming . . . even if it is just a little different than what we learned in Sunday School. Too bad that we did not actually study our Bibles all those years. But the good news is that some of us are actually opening them now at the END OF TIME and learning something.
This is exciting news, folks, because those of us who are true believers will have indestructable bodies by then and we will be mighty warriors in an army led by Jesus Christ himself!
Israel means "God Prevails" and is mentioned 2,576 times in the Bible.
Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Syria, and Lebanon have a combined population of 249 million.
Israel's population is 7.5 million. These Muslim nations have 33 times more people than Israel. But somehow Israel continues to survive. God does "prevail"!Automation Suite 2013 Release 3 for VMware
July 4, 2013 Leave a comment
vmCLIpboard, vmProcessStrobe and vmProcessStrobeWeb now support our new licensing model that adds simplicity, freedom and value. Visit Independence Day brings Freedom for Our Users for the details. This release includes the usual fixes and refinements along with support for the latest beta versions of VMware Workstation and VMware Fusion.
For power users and VMware administrators, our Automation Suite for VMware is now available at just $199. It includes all three of our software automation products for VMware.In case you missed it, we have a new poll up on the subject Who Did God Create First? We are doing this update as a post to make sure we reach all our email subscribers.
We are getting your responses. Thank you to all who have shared their opinion. However, we are getting responses in the Comment box. So that we can track all the responses, you must give your answer in the poll box in the right sidebar of the blog. If you respond in the Comment box, we will miss tracking your response. GO NOW to the blog, look in the bottom right sidebar and select one of the choices in the poll box.
Thanks much!
AdvertisementsCategory: Cast Iron Burners and Stoves
Cast Iron Burners and Stoves [...]
Commercial. [...]Remember last week’s article on Clinton calling for a Ministry of truth and Soros buying up media outlets?
Well here we go: White House adds new position to staff: MINISTRY OF TRUTH / Obama establishes new communications position “The Director of Progressive Media and Online Response”
Video: May 24 2011 – Feds Seize 8 more websites – Possible NFL on strike connection? – Its all coming in to place
Related:
Ray Lewis Makes Controversial Comments About NFL Lockout…
White House Adds New Position to Deal with Unfavorable Online Media…
Key Internet summit to discuss online rules….
Senate debates president’s power during cyber-attack…
Feds Seize 8 More Domains in Piracy Crackdown my website
Kill Switch for President and now we have a level system on the Internet??
Source: Poweroftheweb.netI shot a dog the other day...I wish it hadn't come to that.
For thirteen years I've 'done the right thing' and called the local sheriff's department. Those of you who visit the Texas Goat website frequently have read several accounts of the ongoing problem we've had with the people living in the doublewide across the cotton field and their pack of dogs that are allowed to roam the area. In the course of those thirteen years, we have lost numerous chickens, ducks, and geese to these predators. When this pack of dogs scaled a gate in our backyard and killed my six year old daughter's easter duck, 'Big Red Clippard,' a few years back, I sat and held the sobbing child, my heart breaking because her's was broken. When this pack of dogs killed my wife's little Chihuahua two years ago when he trotted back to the barn to check on the goats, I held my heart broken wife in my arms and tried to console her. When this pack of dogs attacked our goat herd last October and injured half of our pregnant does, two severely, I found an ache in my chest. When they came back a week later and killed one of the injured does, two months away from delivering what I thought would probably be triplets, I buried her and sold the rest of my does. I kept four bucks to keep the weeds under control. When I stepped out on the back porch a few weeks later and found our cowdog lying still, bruised and bleeding, I picked him up and carried him into the house. The dogs had attacked him, I assume while he attempted to protect our property. These dogs had mauled him severely, and had literally ripped his legs to shreds. We had doubts that he would survive, but he gradually regained his strength and his wounds healed. When I got up the other morning and saw four dogs in our pasture chasing our buck, Blue Gainey's Ben, a seven year old South African Boer with a pedigree that reads like the Ring of Honor at Texas Stadium...I grabbed my gun. If I could have shot all four dogs, I would have. I got one.
Keep in mind that after each and every dog attack for thirteen years I had 'done the right thing' and reported the incidents to the Sheriff's Department. All except the last one.
A Sheriff's deputy knocked on my door the next morning. He stated that the people at the doublewide had called. The dog had made it home before he died, and the deputy accused me of shooting the dog in his own back yard. He said 'judging from the amount of blood' and the wound which 'lined up' with our barn, he concluded I had shot the dog from all the way across the cotton field. I concluded he had watched too many episodes of CSI. I printed out a picture of the dead doe, handed it to him, and told him to take it to the people at the doublewide...and tell them , "I'll shoot every dog that comes across my property, just like I did this one." He did. And I will.
But it shouldn't have to come to that. There are no laws in the state of Texas that allow law enforcement personnel to act on these attacks. All they can do is recommend that we take the dog owners to civil court (small claims) and try to be compensated for our losses. They can also 'council' the dog owners about restraining their dogs, which is for the most part, just 'blowing smoke.' It's time to stop blowing smoke and do something about it!
Texas Currently Has No Laws Governing Dog Attacks Against Other Animals
Neither does numerous other states. Yet dog attacks against people, goats, horses, and other animals make headlines on a daily basis. Now is the time for us...FOR YOU to take action. This year is an election year. Every public elected official is eager to hear you out, from your county sheriff and other local officials, to your state legislators. When the next potential candidate knocks on your door soliticing your vote, invite them in and address this issue. Find out where that sheriff-wanna-be stands regarding your rights to protect your property and your livestock. Question that soon to be county judge about his feelings on this issue. Most importantly, write, call or e-mail the people who make the laws in your state, those state senators and congressmen, and voice your concerns about the lack of laws protecting your property and livestock against dog attacks. You need to do it now. Our Texas Legislature will convene in 2009. Let's be sure they take our interests to heart and pass a law that makes the owners of these dogs legally responsible for the damage and destruction their animals inflict.
Fact: More goats are injured and killed by dogs than all other predators combined.
Dear Mr. Lawmaker
We are parents of children involved in 4-H. We are hard working rural Americans trying to make an extra dollar raising a few goats. We are Texas Goat Producers providing food to a growing ethnic population. We are animal lovers who find goats to be wonderful pets. We are goat breeders, striving to improve genetics and provide a better product to the consumer. We are people who vote!
We Need Laws to Protect Our Goats
More goats in the United States are maimed and killed by neighborhood dogs than all other goat predators combined. There are NO LAWS to protect them!
We do not need laws that eradicate entire breeds of dogs.
All dogs are goat predators. All dogs are aggressors. All dogs possess the natural instinct to hunt and kill.
We do not need laws that kill dogs.
We are not against dogs...we are against dogs invading our property, maiming and killing our livestock and our pets.
We need laws that hold the dog owners responsible fot their pets' actions, legally and financially. We need laws that deter irresponsibility. We need laws that punish irresponsibility!
Mr. Lawmaker, help us! Pass a law that protects our livestock from the neighbors' dog. Pass a law that protects our investment. Pass a law that protects the future of the Texas Goat Industry.
Fact: Texas became a state in 1845. The Texas Legislature finally passed a law making dog owners legally responsible for attacks against people in 2006. What took so long?
Fact: In January 2007, stastics estimate 2,934,000 goats being raised for consumption throughout Texas. We obviously have a voice strong enough to be heard...if we use it.
Contact Your Texas Law Maker
Texas Goat Home
Share your thoughts, opinions, and stories on this subject.activism,
Advertisements
Very informative article, i am regular reader of your blog.
I noticed that your blog is outranked by many other websites in google’s search results.
You deserve to be in top-10. I know what can help you, search in google for:
Kelustu’s tips outsource the work
I think this is one of the so much important information for me.
And i’m happy reading your article. However should
observation on few general things, The site style is great, the articles is
in point of fact excellent : D. Just right job, cheers
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wished to say that
I’ve really enjoyed browsing your blog posts. After all I’ll be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again soon!Last Thursday, soon after the kids had come home from school, I looked out our dining room window and saw a group (actually, appropriately, a murder) of crows swooping around and pecking some small animal. I yelled for Sophia to run out and shoo them away. Turns out, it was a baby squirrel they were attacking, and another was struggling in the flower bed a few feet away.
My children are not the type who would ever just let it end there. So I had them stay quietly on the little porch nearby so they could shoo the crows again if they came back, but be out of the way enough for the mama squirrel to come get her babies. We heard her calling... (did YOU know that squirrels could make a sound like a whining dog, or a loud bird? I didn't until that day.) And she did end up rescuing one of the babies. But the other, well he tried to climb a fence, fell, then headed toward the road. And when Sophia went to check on him, he started following her, another thing I didn't think a squirrel would do. I warned her to stay back and not touch him, and we truly tried to avoid him while keeping him out of the road, but he just wouldn't head back to where his mother was, and finally Sophia picked him up. I did a little online research and saw that the scent of human is not necessarily a problem for squirrel mothers, so we tried to put him down in the area she would come back to, but he didn't stay put there really, and she never came. So I had a dilemma.
I didn't really want to play squirrel rescuer, to be honest. But the kids were just SO worried about him and so in love with his small self already that I couldn't NOT. I called our vet, and they said they would take him but it would have to be the next morning because they were closing. So we cut holes in an old shoe box, put some towels in there, and "Squeaks" spent the night in Benjamin's room. He was so affectionate. It was odd to me. He survived another moment of peril when Nox got into the room and discovered him, too. That's one lucky squirrel.
So the next morning we drove to the vet and the kids handed over the little squirrel they'd fallen in love with. The nice lady who took him explained that they would look him over for injuries (his nose had been bloodied a little, either by a fall or the crows, but otherwise he seemed very healthy) and evaluate if he was ready to get along on his own or not. Then, when he was ready, he'd be released.
It is exactly what is best for a wild animal, and Squeaks is definitely a wild animal, no matter how much he seemed like a hamster. But that didn't make it easy for my soft-hearted children, who loved him, and they cried the whole ride home. In fact, they cried for a good solid hour. I told them how proud I was of them, both for taking such good care of Squeaks and for doing the right thing for him even when it was hard.
It's a tough lesson, though. Happily, almost a week later, they're feeling happier about the whole thing, and catching glimpses of Squeak's brother or sister running around out there, which makes us think Squeaks has an excellent chance at being very successful in the wild himself.
Under SERFF tracking number ZURC-127628392 we attached for your review new riders for use with the Blanket Accident Insurance product, previously filed with and authorized by your Department. As previously indicated, the Blanket Accident Insurance product and these new riders will be marketed to all statutorily eligible School/Educational Institution groups in your state consisting of two (2) or more individuals.
The Blanket Accident Insurance product and these riders may be marketed through brokers, consultants, third party administrators and sales employees.
This filing consists of the actuarial memorandum and rating structure for this product. The forms are submitted concurrently in SERFF tracking number ZURC-127628392.
- [PDF] This document is presented in Portable Document Format (PDF). A PDF reader is required for viewing. Download a PDF Reader or learn more about PDFs.The Calm that Brings the Storm
Less than 2 weeks until race day and I’m feeling amazingly calm. At least about the race. I’ve finished my packing list and race plan. Hell, I’ve pretty much done most of my packing already (only because I have to drop my gear bag and bike off tonight – I’m really not that OCD, honest). So, what’s left? “The hay is in the barn” as they say.
I know I can do the swim. I’ve done 2 full IMs and an AV of that distance. Moreover, most of my swims the last few weeks have been over 4000 meters. No problem there. I can do the distance. I think I may have even improved and might be faster than I expect. We’ll see. The only unknown is the freezing cold water (last reading I saw last week was 53 degrees – damn, that’s frickin cold), but I’m doing what I can to acclimate – translation: taking cold showers from now until then. And I plan to get in the water every day I’m in Idaho leading up to the race. I’ll be fine. I hope. I’m definitely incentivized to swim fast to get the hell out of the water.
The bike. Again, I know I can do it. I’ve done the distance in 3 races already. On top of that, I’ve done a lot of very, very hard riding this spring. I’ve even trained on the course and it is so much easier than I expected. The bike shouldn’t be a problem. My objective is to follow my plan, watch my watts and stay in my zone, and nail my nutrition. I’ll have extra tubes and CO2. Fingers crossed I don’t have to use them. I’ve done the change a flat in an IM before and it’s less than pleasant. Hopefully I’ve done my penance and will have an incident-free ride. That’s all I really ever hope for when I ride any more, to not do anything stupid and to not have any mechanical problems.
The run. Well, I wouldn’t say I’m confident about my run. My longest run this training season has been just a hair over 2 hours. A bit unconventional… I was slated to do at least one three-hour run but because of my traveling and recovery from trips and testing and race rehearsals it just never worked itself into the schedule as my coach wanted to be sure I’d have the appropriate amount of time to recover from it. So, that’s that. In the last few weeks instead of running longer, I’ve been running more often. Getting the time on my legs but not so much that I can do any damage at this stage. So, I’m going into the IM never running even 13 miles in one stretch. Yeah, not exactly what I would have hoped for but not much I can do about it. Thinking back to last summer, though, I don’t think I ever got up to a 2.5 hour run before PF struck in my second foot and I didn’t run for 6 weeks going into the race. So, in the grand scheme of things I’m leaps and bounds ahead of where I was last season. But I’m still super nervous.
The one thing that keeps me going is that I KNOW I can do it. I’ve done it twice before. The first year I ran the whole marathon. The next I ran/walked as long as I could before the pain was overwhelming at which point I just walked until even that pain was too intense… when faced with that dilemma instead of quitting I started jogging again – if it was gonna hurt either way I might as well get there more quickly to put myself out of my misery. I know I can suffer through just about anything. I know I’m stubborn as hell and will suffer through just about anything. Really, that’s all it takes to be an Ironman. Perseverance (and a lot of time training) and mental toughness. I’ve got that covered.
Well, I should say I’m mentally tough when it comes to training and racing. For some reason I can’t hold it together when it comes to personal stuff. I’m a total mess. I think tapering, as much as my body needs it, is bad for me. I have way too much time on my hands to think about how much time I have on my hands. Training is my drug of choice (a much healthier alternative to red wine and/or Ben and Jerry’s). And now it has scaled way down I can’t help but face the realization that I don’t have a heck of a lot going on in my life… and I’m sad and lonely.
I’m at the age where most folks are married with round 2 or 3 of kids on the way. I have very few single friends (and even fewer who are single and unattached). I can’t help but wonder what’s wrong with me. My friends tell me I’m smart and funny and attractive. So what’s the problem? I’ve been reading various articles and books of all sorts about trying to find yourself and be happy (I’m also crazy-bored at work and contemplating a career change… I guess women go through mid-life crises, too … so these books are multi-purposed). The big picture bottom line is that I need to love myself; people are attracted to genuinely happy and confident people. Not exactly earth shattering information. The questions remains, though, how do I become a happy and confident person when I know I’m going home on Friday night to an empty condo? When the phone isn’t ringing – when neither my friends not potential suitors are beating down the door to see me? It’s not exactly fodder for a strong ego.
The last few months I’ve actually been amazingly happy and care free. And thinking about it, it’s because I’ve been doing what I love. Sure I took a 2 week vacation to Italy and vacations typically make people happy. But I was riding every day and having a great time. 99% of the people on the trip were men and of them 99% were married, but I had a blast and I got my fair share of attention from them. Then I got home and headed out to train in ID. I was with another woman, but I talked to men on the course and had a ball. One even stopped at a turn around point for no apparent reason and we chatted it up until my friend joined us. Interesting. I wasn’t even trying. I was doing what I enjoy and it was just falling into my lap. I’ve always been told that’s how it works. I guess there’s something to that.
I even went on a few dates [with the same person] this spring. Shocking! And it happened when I wasn’t trying or looking… it happened when I was working a race. I spent some time talking to one of the athletes at the training triathlon I helped organize in early May and we hit it off. Next thing I know we’re emailing. And we kept in touch while I was in Italy and we had our first date between my trips. It was a lot of fun. Then I skipped town again and he kept tabs on me and we went out again the night after I returned and again that weekend… I’m tapering, I’m home, I’m thinking about the fun stuff we can do since he also swims, bikes, and runs… and then the other shoe drops.
He’s skipping town for a week-long business trip and then the entire summer. Yup. Out of town for 3 solid months. What’s really whacked is that he was very attentive the entire time I was gone (almost 3 weeks) and then I get back, we have 3 good dates (or so I thought), I get the “the timing is bad” and “I don’t know what I want” schpeel (as well as having my hand held throughout a movie followed by a very nice good night kiss – talk about mixed signals) and he goes silent.
I so do not understand men. Or dating. Or the rules. Now I’m left to scratch my head and practice my resolve of not calling, emailing, or texting – him or Mr. Ex or anyone. I have to try to not let it bug me and make me question my self worth as I keep my chin up and resume the fun I was having. Only it’s not so easy. In fact, it’s impossible. I no longer have training to “look forward to” after work. I no longer have the excuse of getting up before the sun for a 6-hour training day to keep me in on a Friday or Saturday night. I am now forced to realize that my social circle has shrunk this past few years and I am going home to an empty condo on Friday nights.
I left private practice to find balance. I found and fell in love with endurance sports as a result. Now I wonder if that has taken the place of the crutch that my job used to be. I’ve met a lot of new and really fun people, but I haven’t become close to many and I am still suffering from the same depression, self-esteem, and self-image issues I have always suffered from. Growing up I assumed that if I were thin and pretty life would be perfect. I’m told I’m thin and pretty now and you know what, life still sucks. I need to work on myself. I always have and I never understood that. It’s about being comfortable with who I am.
People (men and women alike) are attracted to confidence. I never had any. At least not when it came to interpersonal and social skills. When I’m busy – at work, at play, in life – I don’t have time to feel sorry for myself or to ponder these questions. I just go and do and usually have fun and then good things just sort of happen. When I’m bored and left to my own devices I’m dangerous to myself. It’s the calm that brings the storm as far as I’m concerned. It’s not that I want drama, but I need to keep myself busy. I want this race to be done so I can move on to the next big thing (the NYC marathon). I need a circle on the calendar and something to work towards so I’m not left alone and thinking and feeling sorry for myself. But, I also know that I need to keep working on the getting to love myself thing. I am pretty smart and interesting and dynamic. I’m also pretty strong and fun. Damn, I’m a pretty good catch. Men are just dense, I guess. 🙂 Hopefully a smart one will find me… soon… but I have to leave my condo or he won’t be able to.Diamondback adds online bike customisation for high-end purchases
Diamondback has built an online bike customisation tool into its online offering, giving both shops and their customers the chance to pin down their dream build prior to shipping.
At present you’ll only find the tool works with the new Andean tri build, for which you can choose your components, colour and sizing.
The nine-step customisation process begins with the choice of frame, before moving through drivetrain spec, wheelsets, tyres, aerobars, extensions, bar tape, saddles and sizing. Accessories, including powermeters and travel bags are to be added on once the spec is settled.
An online fit calculator determines the best size for the customer, though buyers are advised they can also use the Custom Studio in bike stores to pin down best fit.
The online tool will soon branch into time trial, century and Airen endurance builds, as well as the Catch and Release mountain bikes.Village of Western Springs President and Board of Trustees met June 20.
Village of Western Springs President and Board of Trustees met June 20.
Here is the agenda provided by the Board:
Call to Order
Pledge Of Allegiance
Roll Call
Clerk
Reading of Agenda - Additions - Deletions
Citizen Comments
Announcement of Retirement of Village Manager
Patrick R. Higgins
Discussion of Hiring Process of New Village Manager
Recess to Executive Session
For the Purpose of Discussing the Appointment, Employment, Compensation, Discipline, Performance Or Dismissal Of A Specific Employee Or Legal Counsel (5 ILCS 120/2(c)(1)).
Adjourn
Organizations in this Story
Village of Western Springs Board of Trustees